Breaking News Trump's plan to slash business taxes seen as 'guidepost' by congressional Republicans Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House Israel strikes arms depot near Syrian capital's airport: sources U.S., South Korea warn defiant North against new provocation Difficult legal path forward for Trump in sanctuary cities case Macron campaign for French presidency off to slower start than Le Pen: poll Republicans take next step in U.S. deregulation with Senate bill United to offer passengers up to $10,000 to surrender seats Push for South China Sea code stirs ASEAN suspicions about Beijing's endgame Uber driver charged with raping California woman in car Thu 27 Apr 2017 - 29 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia Wednesday 26th, April 2017 / 22:09 Written by Oman Observer in Business Nandita Bose – Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump’s administration plans to impose a 20 per cent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise US consumer prices by as much as 25 per cent. Last week, the President said he favoured an ‘import tax’ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for US products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump’s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside US borders. But the vagueness around Trump’s proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump’s idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the US House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be “as messy as the healthcare bill,” according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry’s lobbying efforts are succeeding. “We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn’t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress,” a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large US retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers — ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty — would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. “They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare,” he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply US customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm’s founder and CEO. “The process has intensified in the past six months,” said Minkoff. The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Indonesia unlikely to repeat spending cuts this year Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent His Majesty greets African leaders HM greetings to Dutch King Install surveillance systems to thwart break-ins Sultanate intensifies tests on farm produce Read More ... Facebook Twitter 34 minutes ago#SalamAir unveils plans for #Bangladesh operations in the coming months @SalamAir @FranBouteiller /t.co/5F0UwegSz7 46 minutes ago#SalamAir plans up to 12 Airbus A320s by 2020; profitability by the end 2018 @SalamAir @FranBouteiller /t.co/qLFdNP9yGo 47 minutes agoSalamAir plans up to 12 Airbus A320s by 2020; profitability by the end 2018 @SalamAir @FranBouteiller /t.co/0JfoX0HOmU Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 28 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares41 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 8 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 61 dbrand debuts grippy new Black Dragon skin, offers 20% off storewide until midnight ET 2017/04/24 5:26pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 29 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 443 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 Google TalkBack 5.2 is out of beta with speech verbosity settings, Select to Speak, and more 2017/04/26 6:28pm PDTApr 26, 2017 19 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 Nougat starts rolling out to the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but only for Canary builds right now 2017/04/26 2:34pm PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 18 1 Year Ago Today Download: Android N Notification Sticker Sheet (For Sketch) To Quickly Mock Up Notifications 2016/04/26 7:13am PDTApr 26, 2016 312 2 Years Ago Today [Weekend Discussion] With Smartphones Getting So Big, Do You Still Want A Tablet? 2015/04/26 6:00pm PDTApr 26, 2015 154 3 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] How Important Is Water-Resistance Going To Be In Your Next Smartphone Purchase? 2014/04/26 5:01pm PDTApr 26, 2014 14 4 Years Ago Today HTC One US Developer Edition RUU And Full ROM ZIP Posted, ROM Addicts Breathe A Sigh Of Relief 2013/04/26 6:49pm PDTApr 26, 2013 87 5 Years Ago Today Key Android Engineer Weighs In On Manufacturer Contributions To AOSP And Update Rollouts - You Might Be Surprised Who's On Top 2012/04/26 4:44pm PDTApr 26, 2012 10 6 Years Ago Today Facebook For Android Updated To V1.5.4; Now Allows You To... Use Facebook Without Force Closes 2011/04/26 9:38pm PDTApr 26, 2011 7 7 Years Ago Today Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S Now Available For Preorder In The UK 2010/04/26 3:50pm PDTApr 26, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 18 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 105 [Update: Just headphones for employees] Google-branded wireless headphones show up at the FCC 2017/04/26 10:28am PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 7 Days 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.344s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Business Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Business Walmart seeks entrepreneur products Posted: 04/26/17, 3:59 PM EDT | Updated: 8 hrs ago # Comments Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, is looking for Pennsylvania entrepreneurs to pitch their made in the USA products to the company’s buyers in a daylong event at Walmart’s global headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas on June 28. Registration has begun at walmart-jump.com; the deadline is May 18. “We are excited to once again invite businesses from all 50 states to meet with Walmart buyers who have one goal in mind: to buy more American products for our stores, clubs and Walmart.com,” said Cindi Marsiglio, Walmart’s vice president of U.S. Manufacturing. “By investing in products that support American jobs, we are able to bring new products to our shelves that our customers want and new jobs to our communities. Increasing domestic manufacturing will help create additional jobs in the U.S., and that’s good for American businesses.” Walmart buyers will be looking to make deals of varying sizes ranging from supplying product to a handful of stores in a local market, to supplying hundreds or thousands of stores as well as Sam’s Club locations and Walmart.com. Here are two of the many examples of successful deals from previous Open Call events: Advertisement • Joyce’s Soulful Cuisine of Philadelphia signed a deal for its Joyce’s Lulu Bang Sauces, which are now on the shelves of more than 250 Walmart stores and Walmart.com. • Trident Case, a minority owned, small business in Chino, California, landed a deal for its cell phone case to be sold in more than 3,800 Walmart stores across the country. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Fired restaurant employee damages register: South Euclid Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on April 26, 2017 at 5:37 PM, updated April 26, 2017 at 5:38 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio   Vandalism, Warrensville Center Road: An employee of Steak and Shake was said to have punched a sales register April 11 after being fired from the business. The manager said the register's monitor and screen was damaged and needed to be replaced. He estimated the cost of replacement at $2,250. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the 18-year-old Cleveland Heights man. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Painesville woman, 19, was cited for theft at Walmart April 16 after she was suspected of concealing various cosmetic items in her purse. The total value of the theft was $61.99. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A Cleveland man, 26, was cited for theft at Walmart April 15 and advised of a warrant he had with Garfield Heights police. A loss prevention worked saw the man select a belt and put it on his pants. He tried to leave the store without paying for the belt and other items. Welfare check, Okalona Road: A woman called from Michigan April 15 requesting a welfare check on her daughter, who was visiting her father. She said the girl, 16, informed her that her father had borrowed her cell phone and when he returned it she found a sexually explicit text message and evidence that he had go onto a pornographic website. The girl had left her father's home and was located by University Heights police, near Macy's. The father was not located and the mother did not want to pursue the matter. The girl was picked up by a family friend to be driven back to Michigan. Theft, Wilburn Drive: A resident said April 18 three bikes were removed from his open garage and he located one on a tree lawn near Whitehall Road. He said the bikes, valued at $100 each, were likely taken while his family was away from home. Runaway, Ardmore Road: A man said April 14 his 16-year-old daughter left home without permission and also took her mother's vehicle. Reports indicate there is a history with the girl involving complaints and use of vehicles without permission. Fire, Wrenford Road: A fire began in the basement of a home around 10 p.m. April 13. It was believed to have started in a clothing closet after a boy said he was playing football and tripped on something. The residents at the home were able to get out safely. Suspicious person, Mayfield Road: An employee of PNC Bank reported April 15 she was opening the branch and approached by a man who said "I have a hunch you are going to be robbed today because the Key Bank down the street was robbed." She and another employee said the man then proceeded to a bus stop, but they were uncertain where he eventually went. They both said he was non-threatening and did not come close to them. Officers gave special attention to the area the rest of the day. Overdose, Suffolk Road: Officers responded to a home April 13 for a report of a suspected drug overdose of a 56-year-old woman. She was revived and taken to the hospital. There were no signs of drug abuse at the home. Her son said she was not known to use drugs, but he had her some stuff about her in the "old neighborhood in Cleveland." Burglary, Lancaster Road: A resident reported at 11:30 p.m. April 17 the side door to his home had been forced open and two TVs were missing from the home. A third TV was found near the door and appeared to have been left behind for unknown reasons. There were no suspects identified. Fraud, Garden Drive: A resident reported April 13 his identity was used fraudulently by an unknown person to purchase a car from Toyota of Bedford and insure it with Geico. He also learned someone used his identity to open an account with AT&T at a home in Shaker Heights. The man said he had lost his driver's license in February and filed a report in the city at that time for identity theft. The current incident is under investigation. Alarms, Cedar Road: Officers responded to a burglar alarm around 11:30 p.m. April 13 at Gordon Food Service and discovered a rock had been thrown through a window. They located four males in the area who all denied knowing anything about the broken window. One of them however, later admitted he had thrown a rock at his brother as they were walking past the building. He said the rock missed his brother and went through the window. The 21-year-old South Euclid man and three others went to the store the following day and apologized to the manager and explained the accident. She was appreciative of their apology but said corporate management would decide if it wanted to pursue restitution. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Trump Tweets About Judges Become Fodder in 6th Circuit Confirmation Cogan Schneier The National Law Journal CONTINUE US Supreme Court Overrules Connecticut on Sovereign Immunity Robert Storace The Connecticut Law Tribune Mylan Faces New Lawsuits over EpiPen Pricing Charles Toutant New Jersey Law Journal Pepper Hamilton Defections Mount as Akin Gump Adds Partner Rebecca Cohen The Recorder Teetering Charlotte Law School Seeks to Toss Class Actions Karen Sloan Fasten Your Seatbelts: Driverless Cars Leaving the Law in the Dust › Profile Who Has the Keys to Self-Driving Cars? By Amanda Ciccatelli|Inside Counsel News Apple Enters Self-Driving Race: Here's the Overall Lineup In-Depth Analysis In Complex Cases, Some Judges Geek Out Podcast Driverless Cars and Liability: A Podcast on Legal Questions Around Autonomous Vehicles Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Should You 'Facebook' the Jury? Yes. No. Probably. Ben Hancock The Recorder Stay-at-Home-Rainmakers: A Growing Threat to Big Law Roy Strom Q&A With Pro Bono Lawyer Who Helped Block Trump's Sanctuary EO Ross Todd The Recorder Do Women Really Choose the Pink Ghetto? Vivia Chen, The Careerist The American Lawyer From Threesomes to Channeling the Dead, Not Much Shocks This Legal Ethics Guru Leigh Jones The National Law Journal Herbert Smith Freehills to Launch Eighth Alternative Legal Services Centre in Johannesburg Rose Walker Legal Week Calling Justice Breyer: A Court Interrupted Tony Mauro The National Law Journal Popular     Teetering Charlotte Law School Seeks to Toss Class Actions Dewey Leaders Won't Testify, Call Witnesses as Retrial Nears End Stay-at-Home-Rainmakers: A Growing Threat to Big Law Gorsuch's 'Burping Boy' Dissent Arrives at the Supreme Court Is Whittier Law School’s Closure a Big Mistake? Some Think So. PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Elections – their impacts on emerging policy, legislation and decision-making Calling a snap election has the potential to disrupt the current Parliament's legislative activity and will place a restriction on implementing some of the key policies of the current Government. Download New Jersey Court issues nonbusiness income decision The New Jersey Tax Court has published its opinion in Xylem Dewatering Solutions, Inc. v. Director, Division of Taxation. Download Hail, Hail Freedonia Frequently asked questions about SEC registration on Schedule B by sovereign issuers. Download Redundancy: to pool or not to pool? When embarking on a redundancy process, one of the first things for an employer to consider is the pool from which to select employees for redundancy. Download Communication in a digital world This briefing looks at how pension schemes manage and keep records of online communications and the legal requirements needed to protect themselves from any risks. Download Supreme Court Corner: Q1 2017 This briefing looks at recent decisions in the intellectual property and technology arena. Download Changes to the enforcement of financial sanctions in the UK This alert considers the new monetary penalty regime and what you should be doing to ensure compliance. Download Competition class actions off to a slow but steady start The first judgment on class certification for competition class actions has been issued by the Competition Appeal Tribunal. Download Australian shareholder activism is taking off Australian shareholder activism is on the rise and corporates need to be prepared. Download What now for employer dress codes and their interpretation after Brexit? Recent European court judgments have suggested that employers can justify a ban on employees wearing certain religious items. But what do these cases mean for employers? Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Passenger is thrown off his Delta flight because he used the BATHROOM during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in latest PR nightmare for US airlines 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking picture of her dying son, 22, in hospital after he overdosed on fentanyl in a bid to stop the 'out-of-control' epidemic  Trump says he is NOT leaving NAFTA: President reverses his position in call with Mexico and Canada just hours after he considered pulling out of the 'disaster' deal  From cats to elephants to humans, how every mammal takes 12 seconds to poop Survivalist Eric Frein, 33, who murdered a state trooper in cold-blooded ambush at his barracks, is sentenced to death Kentucky high school basketball player, 15, dies after collapsing in locker room after a workout with team trainer Energy drinks ARE more dangerous than other caffeine-laden options and raise blood pressure in just 2 hours North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even combat ready, claims US military expert Trump warns senators about the need to 'remove' the 'grave threat' posed by North Korea as legislators decamp to the White House for unprecedented top-secret briefing on hot spot Never-before-seen footage of China's nuclear missile submarines as Beijing flaunts its naval power in dramatic propaganda video 'The Earth will break': North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with 'five million nuclear bombs' carried by children  'If it flies, it dies': Top US commander vows any North Korean missile threat would be blown out of the sky but admits Hawaii may need stronger defenses Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over break-up with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrific suicide streamed on Facebook Live that was watched more than 1,000 times before being removed Top NFL prospect Gareon Conley, 21, is accused of rape on eve of the draft: Woman, 23, says former Ohio State cornerback attacked her in a hotel earlier this month  Woman, 86, is beaten to death after a man randomly attacked her and a friend, 61, while they walked around a high school track Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils 'biggest tax cut in history' that kills the death tax and slashes corporate rate to 15% Trump suggests breaking up the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as he blasts 'egregious overreach' of San Francisco judge who blocked his sanctuary city crackdown  Treasury secretary lets slip that Trump 'has no intention' of releasing his tax returns Manufacturer behind Ivanka Trump's clothing line pays workers just $1 an hour: Shocking report shows Chinese firm 'violated labor practices and made staff work up to 82 hours a month in overtime'  Administration would abolish ‘complicated set of rules’ known as the ‘Alternative Minimum Tax’ – after the provision hit Trump for $31 million in 2005 'A wonderful example of kindness and grace for us all': Ivanka pays gushing birthday tribute to 'incredible step-mom' Melania after it was claimed the pair have a frosty relationship There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary-supporter Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the cover of Vogue and that she has 'respect' for Ivanka Teacher's pet! Trump and birthday girl Melania are joined by educators from every state to honor the National Teacher of the Year Previous Next Mystery as FORTY snakes are found dumped in a slithering pile in a Walmart parking lot Pile of up to forty snakes found in Paragould, Arkansas parking lot on Saturday Panicked shoppers called cops, mistaking snakes for poison copperheads Snakes were actually non-venomous garter snakes, police said 'They were collecting them for this reason and I don't think that was the best thing to do at all,' detective says of unknown subject who dumped the snakes By Keith Griffith For Dailymail.com Published: 16:17 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 18:04 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail 122 shares 99 View comments A writhing pile of up to forty snakes was left in a Walmart parking lot, terrifying shoppers and baffling law enforcement. Panicked shoppers in Paragould, Arkansas called 911 on Saturday evening, after spotting the terrifying sight of dozens of snakes slithering across the parking lot pavement. The vile perpetrator who dumped the snakes in the parking lot remains unknown to investigators.  'Someone dropped a s**tload of snakes in the Paragould Walmart parking lot. Lots of copperheads in there, from what I'm told,' resident Tanya Marie Cole wrote in warning on Facebook. 'What the hell is wrong with people?!' Panicked shoppers in Paragould, Arkansas called 911 on Saturday evening, after spotting the terrifying sight of dozens of snakes slithering across the parking lot pavement 'Someone dropped a s**tload of snakes in the Paragould Walmart parking lot,' one resident wrote on Facebook. The snakes were determined to be non-venomous 'They were either herding the snakes when they were frog gigging or something,' a police investigator said of the unknown subject who released the snakes Video courtesy of KAIT  Cops arrived on the scene and determined the snakes were not poisonous.  'At first, they were saying the snakes were copperheads and water moccasins,' Paragould Police Detective Jack Hailey told KAIT.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next He ain't afraid of no snake! Chilled-out cat shows no fear... Can YOU spot what's lurking in this photograph? Fallen... Share this article Share 'But, after we got one of our officers who is apparently some sort of snake whisperer, we learned that they were non-venomous garden snakes.'  Though there were theories that the snakes had slithered onto the parking lot from nearby drainage ditches, Hailey said it appeared they'd been dumped in a pile deliberately. 'They were either herding the snakes when they were frog gigging or something,' said Hailey.  'Either way, they were collecting them for this reason and I don't think that was the best thing to do at all. Especially, (for) those out there with a phobia.' The Walmart parking lot in Paragould is seen in the safe light of day in this file photo Police were uncertain what criminal charges could be brought to bear in the situation, but said disorderly conduct would likely apply to someone caught creating a panic by dumping snakes. 'If you like to play with snakes, keep them in their natural habitats where they belong,' said Hailey.  'It is not anything funny. It is not cute. It is going to get somebody hurt and could potentially get someone seriously hurt.'  Read more: Dozens of slithery surprises found in Walmart parking lot - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Share or comment on this article e-mail 122 shares Most watched News videos Tensions rise as North Korea holds massive artillery drill Moment suspected thieves try to steal from white haired pensioner Moment officer kills biker by ramming motorcycle off road Dog has to SMELL owner to recognise him after drastic weight loss 'F**k your Mum': Jeremy Vine almost gets knocked off his bike North Korea says ready to sink US aircraft carrier Video of Marinna Rollins murdering her service dog Cam Female driver ploughs into learner driver while holding a phone CCTV footage shows injured Brit who was dumped on road side Aston Villa fans bully and taunt a couple on train Fox News host makes lewd comments about Ivanka Trump Damon Smith leaves tube without rucksack containing homemade bomb Kim prepares for war: North Korean leader takes the... Police warn Blue Whale 'suicide' Facebook game linked to... Pictured: Moment 'ISIS inspired' student, 20, 'left... North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with... Police dashcam video shows the horrifying moment a cop... Mother of British man who was left for dead with severe... 'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Aaron Hernandez... Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during... The brutalist tower blocks that changed the London... Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and... Horrified mother shares disgusting online grooming... Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits... Heartbroken family reveal terminally-ill Bradley Lowery... Schoolboy, 11, who had both legs amputated after 'severe... Hundreds of horrified holidaymakers who paid for 'meet... Traffic warden ‘tries to ticket a car with an UNCONSCIOUS... Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters... Cash me in court! Infamous 14-year-old Dr. Phil guest is... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 99 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Photoshop and Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants Pretty in pink! Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico 'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Exciting news for the reality star  Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Another raunchy snap  'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' The pair have an amicable arrangement 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home 'I felt sorry for Kendall': Caitlyn Jenner defends her daughter's 'so cool' Pepsi commercial as she failed to see what was problematic about the advert Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party Looked proud as punch From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana reveals she's living in a motel room with five family members Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and cottage cheese for lunch recounted by her former assistant who dishes on life with former first lady Bachelor star Chris Soules breaks his silence to say he and his family are 'overwhelmed' after he allegedly killed his neighbor in a car crash  'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash John Legend says Trump is 'one of the worst people I've ever encountered' and it's fine that Obama is now making $400,000 per speech from Wall Street  Ivanka Trump pays gushing birthday tribute to 'incredible step-mom' Melania after report claimed the pair have a frosty relationship 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Looked like a playful kid 'From DC universe comes skincare man': Russell Crowe joins Instagram with hilarious face mask video and says Ratatouille is key to a great acting career Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave Obama's last  party because all she could do was cry  Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef Leggy Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley touch down LA after couple celebrate actress being named one of Time's 100 Most Influential People Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes backside in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico Ditched the swimwear  Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere Actress turned heads on the red carpet  A family affair! Susan Sarandon supports son Miles Robbins as he DJs fragrance event in NYC The Feud star donned a casual outfit as she watched the 24-year-old 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing  dad Michael's legacy Hot metal! Victoria Justice sizzles in a slinky silver dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar party Actress flaunted her slender legs  Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Flaunted her cleavage  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats daughter Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in Los Angeles Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour The whole clan will be with him on the tour bus Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot  Spent morning around the West Village  Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price Slashed the price to attract buyers  Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit She's ready for the release of the remake  Mississippi sheriff's deputy claims R. Kelly had a five-year affair with his wife that led to their divorce and left him in financial ruin = Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shares comical photo of her 11-month-old son Tripp grimacing as she holds him in the sand during his second beach trip Sizzling hot! Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage, taut torso and pert derrière in skimpy swimwear for latest shoot Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York photo shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Has been clean for the last 18 months  Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie At least she has Elon! Amber Heard says she's 'missing' her pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with billionaire boyfriend following dog smuggling drama with ex Depp Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Sucessful shopping expedition  Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Reality star wore a Nike top in the shot where she grabs her bump Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  Reality star believes problem may have been caused by supplements 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Gird your loins! Bare-breasted Gabi Grecko performs bizarre rooftop dance routine with soapy water as she embraces her new identity as a 'fembot' Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Pair had their hands full with their kids  She looks outta this world! Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at 'Lost In Space' party  No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York She definitely stoof out from the crowd   Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is all smiles while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26, as he mulls quitting acting to focus on fatherhood 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC The on-and-off pair looked loved-up  Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Military chic! Actress Naomi Watts cuts a relaxed figure in army green jacket and trendy hat as she runs errands in New York Low-key outfit  Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' Blige filed for divorce last year  Queen of the North: Monica Lewinsky and her flawless hair hold court at the annual TED conference in Vancouver Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June 'That won't be happening now': Mel C and Victoria Beckham REFUSE to get on board with plans for a Spice Girls talent show forcing it to now be axed Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami They discussed President Trump  'It's a treat': Rachael Finch fills three-year-old daughter Violet up with 'good food' before birthday parties to prevent her indulging in junk food  'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Did Aaron Hernandez give clue to suicide plans in note written to prison lover just three weeks before suicide?  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Just become a dad Save these hairstyles for a rainy day! After Chrissy Teigen's perfect waves get rained on, FEMAIL details April shower-proof looks to try at home The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years this summer after painful divorce sidelined her Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Fixer Upper star Joanna Gaines denies rumors she's quitting show to launch a skincare line She has four kids with husband Chip The home that news built: NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt lists his luxury Manhattan apartment for a cool $6.6million Owned it for 10 years 'Boobs!' Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in cute Snapchat video Sweet moment for pair  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife Vanessa already have three daughters... and a fourth could be on the horizon PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Olympic gymnast Carly Patterson on how she overcame 'emotionally draining' miscarriage, as she celebrates a 'miracle' pregnancy  Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat She's so Kardashian! Outrageous Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing 50 shades of pink! As stars like Joan Smalls, Gigi Hadid and Ashley Benson debut magenta hair hues, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can try the trend The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Found dead at hotel  Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump holds a microphone Quip sparked outrage Blonde bombshells! Amy Schumer flaunts curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London 'Perspective is a b****': Defiant Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid bikini furore Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London Fashion star Liu Wen teaches Wendi Murdoch and her daughters how to take the perfect selfie, before showing Regis the right way to eat dumplings  Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honored by the King of Spain 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga She was talking to Ellen 'I just ran in to a guy in a tractor': 911 calls reveal Bachelor star Chris Soules checked his neighbor's pulse after fatal crash before 'fleeing' in another car  'Real life whale!' Pregnant Bristol Palin pokes fun at growing baby bump as she perches on husband Dakota's lap two weeks before her due date Synthetic marijuana 'K2' found in Aaron Hernandez's body following autopsy after his shocking suicide   Former NFL star was found dead in prison cell There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary fan Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the cover of Vogue and that she has 'respect' for Ivanka E! reality star Hencha Voight accused of blackmailing 'queen of Snapchat' YesJulz over sex videos fights in court to keep iPhone password private Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with Parks and Recreation actress Natalie Morales' He is said to be 'smitten' Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Another hit for Natalie Jailed Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has trademarked his name from behind bars while serving time for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp  Hilaria Baldwin reveals she watched husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) The 1988 flick starred Melanie Griffith Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between  The 41-year-old actress was in Vancouver 'Basically, I have an eating disorder': Aaron Carter denies he's on drugs and explains his 'stress-related' hiatal hernia causes him to lose weight A little 'maintenance'! Luann de Lesseps enjoys a day of Botox and pampering with Miami counterparts Marysol Patton and Lisa Hochstein Married at First Sight groom is ready to consummate his marriage after just ONE night with his new wife - and his mother does not approve What a dish! Jessica Seinfeld shows off slender physique in floral print skirt as she promotes her new cook book in NYC Jerry's wife since 1999 EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  With Peta and baby Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album Johnny Depp slams former managers for blaming his $40M debt on reckless spending then reveals he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes over Aspen 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks hip-hugging white dress and trench coat...after ex-wife Kris Jenner wore nearly identical outfit a year ago That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad Drugs, disco, dance and dazzle: 40 years after it first opened its doors Studio 54 retains its legendary place in pop culture (and New York City) history Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual for family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver 'Go be offended at your own life!' Erika Jayne bares all in a naked Instagram snap and swiftly gives a message to her haters Recently voted off DWTS Bill Cosby's lawyer says she may try to win case by arguing accusers lied about drugging and assaults as a result of 'false memory creations'  Bill Cosby's youngest daughter Evin says her dad 'loves and respects' women, isn't a rapist' and she and her mother have forgiven his past affairs Bill Cosby breaks his silence to say he's totally blind and he is working on new material hoping to perform again  Disgraced star hoping for comeback at 79 They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together Posted on Instagram 'It's a GIRL!' Married at First Sight's Jamie Otis and Doug Hehner joyously reveal baby's sex - nine months after devastating late miscarriage Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in London terror attack  a month ago 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles  blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Letting her hair down  PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-listers put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion with servants' quarters and bulletproof windows 'You press the wrong button and... Oh no': Serena Williams explains how she accidentally revealed her pregnancy on social media 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post Shameless star opened her heart Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour One Direction star, 23 Want to look like Kendall Jenner? Supermodel's personal trainer Gunnar Peterson reveals how the 21-year-old maintains her incredible figure Breaking Amish star Jeremiah Raber 'arrested for assaulting his wife' but insists he will 'prove' his innocence Taken into custody  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley all pose with their children for special reunion photo shoot Happy Bachelor moms The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) Already has 20-plus inkings on body Brooklyn Beckham confidently flaunts his flashy new $44,000 Land Rover to a gaggle of female companions as he heads for a ride in London Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Baring a bit of her midriff beneath a black crop top Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Going from strength to strength! Cancer survivor Shannen Doherty looks fit and fab as she shops with husband Kurt Iswarienko Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Lindsay Lohan teases clothing line as she models shiny swimsuit cover-up in vacation snap... but quickly deletes it Oon a yacht in Greece  Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match 'Dreamy': Kendall Jenner wears swimsuit but hides her face in arty snap for her Instagram fans  Showcased her supermodel figure Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since revealing she was expecting a baby It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumored new love interest Travis look very cozy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Ouch! Bella Thorne shrieks in pain during her first bikini wax in awkward Snapchat video She's sharing everything with her fans Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly 'You are a sick woman!' Lisa Rinna lashes out at Kim Richards over toy bunny on RHOBH reunion part three The chat got heated  Chelsea Clinton receives award at gala in NYC for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  He's 'blind for love!' Justin Bieber is casual cool in Gucci slogan hoodie as he enjoys lunch in Beverly Hills Canadian singer been following NHL playofffs Winning the cuteness crown! Prince Liam of Luxembourg is christened at The Vatican - but it's his adorable sister Amalia who steals the show  Tough girls! Josephine Skriver and Jasmine Tookes show off their sporting prowess on Victoria's Secret shoot It's no wonder they have killer bodies There she blows! Disheveled Demi Lovato arrives to Time 100 Gala looking worse for wear after being battered by wind and rain in stormy NYC Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala Bad weather in NYC Blake Lively flashes the flesh in extreme plunging fringed dress as she joins husband Ryan Reynolds at star-studded Time 100 Gala in New York City Megyn Kelly hits the Time 100 Gala with her husband Douglas Brunt, Mia and Ronan Farrow, and Katie Couric as she prepares to start her new NBC job Sister act! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian parade their beach bods in matching silver bikinis Celebrating Kourtney's 38th birthday  Jennifer Lawrence arrives on set and transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia Blushing in pink! Lisa Vanderpump looks lovely in a pastel overcoat as she totes precious pup for flight out of LAX She's got eight furry pals Gold and Silv-stedt! Swedish model Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NYC Caitlyn Jenner jokes she has 'way too many skeletons in closet' to run for public office... but won't rule it out because she wants to support transgender community Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Make-up free Whitney Port debuts sizeable baby bump while shopping at Whole Foods in her sweats In her second trimester and bumping along 'We're out here living': April Love Geary, 22, defends age gap between her and boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in romantic Instagram post Girl power! Mel B's famous friends Heidi Klum and Tyra Banks rally round as sordid accusations fly following marriage split Quite the trio  Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... after suing singer for $80,000 for egging their home Jessica Biel shows off her endless legs in raunchy wrap dress as she enjoys NYC date night with husband Justin Timberlake who went for casual look Happy chappy! Hunky Game Of Thrones star Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in an Australian  bar He's shooting Aquaman with Nicole Kidman Top chest! Padma Lakshmi pours her curves into a rose-themed strapless gown at TIME 100 gala Flaunted her ample cleavage  Long-time partner of Gianni Versace recalls the heart-wrenching moment a serial killer murdered his lover outside the fashion designer's  mansion  Goodbye locks! Selena Gomez cuts off her signature long mane then reveals the results on Instagram Shared the final look with her 118m followers  Travel buddies! Pamela Anderson walks her golden retriever through LAX ...as steamy ad campaign photos are revealed for Coco de Mer 'She blatantly lied on me': Aretha blasts Dionne Warwick for claiming she was Whitney Houston's godmother...five years ago Brunette Lady Gaga looks like the girl next door as she shows off slim waist filming A Star Is Born in Los Angeles Was back on set with a low-key look  So Vonn-derful! Skiing champ Lindsey displays her cleavage in revealing black dress as she makes a glamorous arrival at the Time 100 Gala Tripping out! Ashley Graham nearly takes a tumble in slinky black gown as she arrives at the Time 100 Gala in NYC She gasped as she fell 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Back to the dinosaur park! Jeff Goldblum signs on for Jurassic World sequel with Chris Pratt Is 25 years since he first faced the reptiles  'She was a natural fit for us': Anna Wintour reveals why she picked Theresa May to star in Vogue - as she praises Britain's first female PM since Margaret Thatcher Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show The two Brits are pals 'I'm a hot s**t lez': Feisty Masters Of Sex star Lizzie Caplan dishes on her time working with Brad Pitt on the WWII romantic thriller Allied  The best revenge! Larsa Pippen shows off her voluptuous figure in revealing bikini photos after split with Scottie Showing her ex what he is missing  Makeup-free Paris Jackson puts on a leggy display in loose shorts and a simple T-shirt as she embraces a casual look Busy actress-model Marilyn Monroe's Brentwood home, where iconic actress tragically overdosed at 36, goes on the market for $6.9 million  It covers 2,624 sq ft. Tucker Carlson almost matches O'Reilly's ratings in his first night in Fox News' prime time o'clock slot - and beats CNN and MSNBC by two MILLION viewers Doting dad Christian Bale enjoys blissful family outing with wife Sibi and their young son Joseph The 43-year-old looked at ease on his day off  'I had no idea what to say!': Gabourey Sidibe reveals she worked as a phone sex operator before landing her big break in Hollywood Revealing new memoir  Down to 11! Gwen Stefani tearfully says farewell to her singer Troy Ramey as the field narrows on The Voice Was an emotional exit for the No Doubt singer  'She is full of s***': Caitlyn Jenner cringes as biographer Buzz Bissinger denounces Kris Jenner on chat show Slamming her memoir Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side Emotional Scott Baio says he was victimized for being pro-Trump after comments about Erin Moran's death and claims liberals wanted to 'take him down' Suits you madam! Sofia Vergara flashes taut tummy in revealing white pullover as she leaves tailor shop Modern Family actress bared some skin  Nothing to wine about! Khloe Kardashian shows off long legs during boozy trip with mom Kris Jenner to Malibu winery Pair on the plonk Make-up free Katie Holmes wears mom jeans for a casual stroll with male pal in New York Let her skin breathe in the Big Apple  Relative of grandfather killed when Bachelor contestant hit his tractor DEFENDS the reality star - even after he 'fled the scene  Is facing felony charges  Girls gone REALLY wild! Kourtney Kardashian shares skinnydipping video and poses in a rainbow bikini on booze fueled trip They've had a crazy time  Judge dismisses Katherine Jackson's elder abuse lawsuit against her nephew Trent Lamar Jackson Matriach's lawyers chose not to proceed  Alexis Bledel stuns in a '90s-inspired halter dress for the LA premiere of The Handmaid's Tale The Gilmore Girls star looked sparkly  Ivanka Trump wears a glamorous white dress and statement earrings for gala dinner in Berlin alongside Angela Merkel - while crowds gather outside in protest  Taking a page out of Kim Kardashian's book? Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik shows off her derriere as she wears skimpy one piece in 'belfie' shot Golden girl! Margot Robbie DAZZLES in elegant Prada gown at Time Gala in New York after being named one of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People  Taking the plunge! Demi Lovato puts on a dazzling display in two cleavage-baring gowns at Time 100 Gala in New York Bared her chest  'He was sitting on the bed during our love scenes!': Laura Dern, 50, is nearly unrecognizable as she talks working with David Lynch on Wild At Heart The custard cream of the crop! Jessica Seinfeld stuns in yellow gown as she promotes cookery book in New York Jerry Seinfeld's wife Carrying his Notebook? Ryan Gosling grips rolled up booklet as he heads off after lunching in Los Angeles Looked casual on the outing  Busting out! RHONY star Bethenny Frankel goes braless in very revealing sheer blouse at charity event in New York  Put it all on show  A little risqué! Chrissy Teigen grabs the spotlight in shiny strapless gown with crotch-high slit at charity gala Model turned heads  Just sinful! Jessica Biel flashes flesh in asymmetrical dress at Tribeca Film Festival premiere of The Sinner Displayed her trim figure in New York Let's relax, baby! Pregnant world number one Serena Williams strips down to swimsuit for another day of beach bliss with fiance Alexis Ohanian It's ladies' night! Prince Andrew's ex Fergie is all smiles as she joins Beatrice and Eugenie for a catch up over a low-key dinner in London' Mayfair district Brie Larson reveals Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence 'saved my life' during difficult time in her career as she sizzles on cover of Vanity Fair Nina Dobrev goes topless beneath nude pantsuit for NRDC's Stand Up for the Planet benefit in LA She paired a pink blazer with a matching clutch  Monochrome Meryl: Streep struts her stuff in stripes at the 2017 PEN America Literary Gala at American Museum of Natural History Bad Mom, great daughter! Mila Kunis brings parents to tears after surprise renovation of modest childhood condo Lived there for 24 years Pictured: Neighbor and grandfather, 66, killed in crash with Bachelor star Chris Soules who then fled the scene and was arrested hours later with 'alcohol containers' 'Kash is going home': Kim Zolciak's son, four, is out of hospital after surgery for dog bite... as Bravo star praises hubby Kroy for quick response Star in stripes! Jennifer Garner wears banded top during stroll with son Samuel and daughters in Los Angeles Doting mother  Smitten Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik hold hands after he calls her 'my everything' in mushy message on her 22nd birthday Post-birthday blues  'Dreamy': Kendall Jenner wears swimsuit but hides her face in arty snap for her Instagram fans  Model showcased her figure, but not her face Lindsay Lohan teases clothing line as she models shiny swimsuit cover-up in vacation snap... but quickly deletes it Going from strength to strength! Cancer survivor Shannen Doherty looks fit and fab as she shops with husband Kurt Iswarienko Erin Moran's grieving husband reveals the Happy Days star died of  throat cancer on 25th anniversary of when they first met and how she spent her final days  Nancy Kerrigan reveals Tonya Harding never apologized for Olympic attack that nearly ended her career in remarkably candid interview 'Do I look like a dead fish!' Vin Diesel explodes in mock outrage on Ellen after Charlize Theron disses his kissing on Fate of the Furious Effortlessly chic! Teresa Palmer shows off impressive post-baby body as she bonds with four-month-old son Forest Sage in LA Gave birth 4 months ago Home sweet home! Drake thanks Airbnb for amazing Beverly Hills mansion... which normally costs a crisp $10k a night 'We're cool now!' Silicon Valley's Amanda Crew tweets about getting sext message and penis pic from complete stranger Was an 'accident' High end retail therapy! Dakota Johnson and a gal pal hit up Ralph Lauren on ritzy Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills shopping spree Well-deserved time off  An A-list babysitter! Khloe Kardashian takes care of Kourtney's kids while the mom-of-three cuts loose on boozy trip to Mexico Showing maternal side 'You did good at the end, baby!' Caitlyn Jenner gives John Leguizamo a high-five as she raves about his role of drag queen in cult classic film Sony Music 'cuts ties with Dr Luke' three years after Kesha accused music producer of giving her a date-rape drug and sexually assaulting her Roman Polanski's rape victim slams prosecutors who she says 'never protected' her and sides with him in his court battle to have case dismissed EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Welsh sexpot Catherine Zeta-Jones snubbed Michael Douglas when the pair had their first 'nightcap'   Still got it! Pamela Anderson, 49, displays her incredible physique in cut-out bra as she poses in steamy new photoshoot for erotic lingerie brand That's an explosive revelation! Shonda Rhimes reveals the ONE Grey's Anatomy character she regrets killing off - so can YOU guess who it is? Drink riding! Jason Momoa sips out of a Guinness coffee mug during a bike ride on the Gold Coast... and forgets his helmet for a SECOND time He's 'blind for love!' Justin Bieber is casual cool in Gucci slogan hoodie as he enjoys lunch in Beverly Hills Returned from a trip to Canada  'My normal day at work!': Ashley Graham puts on a sexy show as she twerks in lingerie during photoshoot in Montreal Crouching down in heels Putting her best foot forward! Elsa Pataky STUNS in floral maxi dress while attending shoe launch in Spain Wowed at a photo call in Madrid  Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries parades her curves as she frolics on the beach She wore a very revealing outfit on the sand in Miami  Looking fine in Florida! Lingerie model Doutzen Kroes slips into a black bikini during Miami beach vacation with her family Sexy mom-of-two Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamor in pinstriped suit as she joins dapper Chris Pratt for Guardians Of The Galaxy cast dinner in London Proud of her FOURTH boob job! Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Jacqueline Laurita shows off her chest after more surgery  In full bloom! Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her blossoming bump in scarlet floral frock as she makes a radiant arrival at French Sole bash Malia Obama 'superfan' who followed her to her internship and asked her to marry him will NOT face stalking and harassment charges Don't leave home without it! As Hailey Baldwin and Beyoncé don bathrobes in public, FEMAIL rounds up chic styles you won't want to keep under wraps Why won't ailing Sir Elton slow down? He's worth $359million, misses his sons desperately and has just been hit by a potentially deadly bug  Gardening the Gwyneth Paltrow way: Actress promotes £94 watering can, £97 apron and £686 diamond earrings for the green-fingered one in your life  Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows a hint of baby bump at dancewear launch as her ex bandmate Ashley Roberts turns out to support her Lonely Aaron Hernandez asked to share his cell with prison lover Kyle Kennedy - but the request was denied, says lawyer Natural beauty! Rose Byrne steps out makeup-free as she catches a flight at LAX... after revealing she once told Oprah Winfrey to 'shut the f**k up' The Rolling Stones land a double win at the British Jazz FM Awards... as Ronnie Wood, 69, puts on an affectionate display with wife Sally Humphreys May the 24th be with you! Star Wars Episode IX gets SUMMER release date... as John Boyega photobombs fans Previous flicks have had December premieres Check it! As Emily Ratajkowski and Olivia Palermo sport this season's hottest print, shop FEMAIL's edit of stylish gingham fashions now 'The greatest blessing I have is love': Salma Hayek, 50, shares wedding photo on eight-year anniversary with François after landing at LAX Going chest to chest! Kim Kardashian, 36, calls Kylie Jenner, 19, her 'little twin sissy' as she shares new behind-the-scenes snaps from KKW X KYLIE shoot Stylish with a cherry on top: Reese Witherspoon puts a fruity twist on fashion for casual day out The star, 41, looked chic in a playful top  It's over: Vanessa Hudgens' TV series Powerless is dropped by NBC due to low ratings Network has pulled the comedy with the final three episodes still to air Eric Trump breaks silence on Chelsea Handler's tweet mocking his unborn tot by expressing pity for Netflix host for taking aim at 'innocent' baby Kelly Osbourne reveals how she became 'scared' to abuse drugs again after spending three days in mental institution Her explosive tell-all Gardening the Gwyneth Paltrow way: Actress promotes $120 watering can, $125 apron and $880 diamond earrings for the green-fingered one in your life  'Only I can tell my story': Furious Madonna slams plan for unauthorized Blond Ambition biopic Fuming on Instagram about Universal film Back to the grind! Jennifer Lopez looks worn out on Shades Of Blue set after weeks of glamming it up for new love A-Rod Filming in Brooklyn Watch out, boys! Rachel Lindsay fiercely struts around in red hot dress for Bachelorette promo The 31-year-old looks stunning in new trailer      DON'T MISS Orlando Bloom cuts a dapper figure as he goes solo at the Unlocked premiere in London... days after his 'awkward' reunion with ex Katy Perry Marla Maples, 53, shows off gymnastics skills with an impressive FLIP at the gym - before 'embarrassing' daughter Tiffany Trump during a day out in New York   Gator Boys reality star captures and kisses an injured 8ft reptile on the snout after wrestling with it for nine minutes Came to rescue after it  had been hit by a car  A star is born! Cindy Crawford, Rande Gerber, and John Mayer join in the celebrations for Barbra Streisand's milestone 75th birthday in Malibu  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Take that, haters! Slim Kim Kardashian proudly parades her unairbrushed backside AGAIN in a thong bikini in Mexico Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams is linked to Minka Kelly one week after split from wife of five years Actor has two children with wife Aryn Drake-Lee  Fresh-faced Claire Danes shares a sweet kiss with husband Hugh Dancy on romantic stroll through Manhattan They're still so in love even after seven years 'Last bikini selfie!' Demi Lovato enjoys final day of tropical bliss before jetting back to New York Been on getaway with pal Marissa Callahan The REAL reason we never see Kate on a horse: Experts explain why the Duchess of Cambridge shuns the royal family's favorite hobby  Baby shower! Flipping Out's Jenni Pulos, 44,  is pretty in pink as she gathers with costar Jeff Lewis and friends before arrival of her second child EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken off suicide watch, as his lawyer says his client is 'saddened by the loss of his friend'  'We have a lot of things to work on - we're not the perfect couple': Bachelor Nick Viall admits there are 'challenges' with fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi Too many margaritas! Mother-of-three Kourtney Kardashian 'threw up in bed' and 'slept in it' on girls gone wild trip to Mexico with sister Kim 'When people call me a role model it puts the fear of God in me': Emma Watson reveals she worries about 'failing' as she talks to Jessica Chastain It's a far cry from a tiara! Queen Mathilde of Belgium slips into overalls and a blue hairnet as she visits a Nutella factory with husband King Philippe 'The whole family were stuck back in the '90s': Bindi Irwin and family had a stylist overhaul their khaki-covered wardrobes to refresh their public image Bananarama are back together 30 years after they split but whatever happened to other '80s stars - from Dexy's Midnight Runners to Thompson Twins? She's a blue-blooded beauty! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden is radiant in a floor-length navy ball gown as she attends an awards ceremony  Starting with a bang! Drake will be the inaugural host of NBA Awards in June Toronto-born rapper has been cheering on Raptors in playoffs Royal supermodel in the making! Lady Amelia Windsor stars as a Spanish senorita in a campaign for one of Kate's favorite designers 'They're safe': Heather Morris reveals DWTS partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and fiancée Peta Murgatroyd had 'run-in' with intruder by home Mary McDonough reveals she began 'starving' herself and developed 'body image issues' after being told she was fat while starring in The Waltons Beach Bell-a! Supermodel Hadid teases as she unties her very skimpy bikini bottoms for sultry new ELLE photoshoot Today's headlines Most Read Delta throws a passenger off a plane because he used the bathroom during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in... 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking image of her dying son in hospital... Trump says he is NOT leaving NAFTA: President reverses his position in call with Mexico and Canada just... From cats to elephants (and humans), every mammal takes 12 seconds to poop, study finds Survivalist who murdered a state trooper is sentenced to death: Jury condemn gunman who shot and killed... Kentucky high school basketball player, 15, dies after collapsing in locker room after a workout with team... Energy drinks ARE more dangerous than other caffeine-laden options and raise blood pressure in just 2 hours Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even... Trump and top administration officials warn senators about the need to 'remove' the 'grave threat' posed by... Never-before-seen footage of China's nuclear missile submarines as Beijing flaunts its naval power in... North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with '5million nuclear bombs' carried by children  'If it flies, it dies': Top US commander vows any North Korean missile threat would be blown out of the sky... Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over breakup with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrifying... Top NFL prospect Gareon Conley, 21, is accused of rape on eve of the draft: Woman says former Ohio State... Man beats 86-year-old woman to death as she was walking round a high school track in a savage, random attack Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils... Trump suggests breaking up the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as he blasts 'egregious overreach' of San... Treasury secretary lets slip that Trump 'has no intention' of releasing his tax returns Manufacturer behind Ivanka Trump's clothing line pays workers just $1 an hour: Shocking report shows Chinese... Administration would abolish ‘complicated set of rules’ known as the ‘Alternative Minimum Tax’ – after the... 'A wonderful example of kindness and grace for us all': Ivanka Trump pays gushing birthday tribute to... There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary-supporter Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the... Trump and birthday girl Melania are joined by educators from every state to honor the National Teacher of... John Legend says Trump is 'one of the worst people I've ever encountered' and it's fine that Obama is now... Republican right agrees to Obamacare repeal plan - raising possibility of fresh vote on healthcare Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump... Scandal's TV president says Hillary lacked authenticity: Clinton-loving actor Tony Goldwyn admits she could... Four out of 10 Americans think Trump's campaign intentionally tried to help Russia influence November's... MORE HEADLINES Kim prepares for war: North Korean leader takes the salute as his army fires rockets and torpedoes at mock enemy warships during country's 'largest ever' live-fire artillery drills 'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Aaron Hernandez joked about suicide in note to lover weeks before he did it.  Lawyer for Kyle Kennedy reveals $50K watch was birthday gift, suicide note - to his client - was incoherent and their relationship was close Police dashcam video shows the horrifying moment a cop kills a biker by ramming his motorcycle during a high-speed chase Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils 'biggest tax cut in history' that kills the death and cuts corporate rate to 15% North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with '5million nuclear bombs' carried by children  Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump holds a microphone - but he insists he was just likening her to 'smooth jazz' Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and cottage cheese for lunch recounted by her former assistant - who once walked in on the former first lady eating ice cream from the tub in the middle of the night 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking image of her dying son in hospital after he overdosed on fentanyl in a bid to stop the 'out of control' epidemic  Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even combat ready, US military expert says Police warn Blue Whale 'suicide' Facebook game linked to 130 teen deaths in Russia is heading to the UK The home that news built: NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt lists luxury Manhattan apartment for a cool $6.6million Cash me in court! Infamous 14-year-old Dr. Phil guest is flanked by her huge bodyguard and mother as she pleads not guilty to five felonies  Delta throws a passenger off a plane because he used the bathroom during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in latest PR nightmare for US airlines Former hockey pro is sentenced to life in prison without parole after he is convicted of hiring a hitman to kill his wife  'I just ran into a guy in a tractor': 911 calls reveal Bachelor star Chris Soules checked his neighbor's pulse after fatal crash before 'fleeing' in another driver's car once the cops arrived Live in a purple palace: Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated in his trademark color goes up for sale for $13million Drugs, disco, dance and dazzle: 40 years after it first opened its doors - albeit briefly - Studio 54 retains its legendary place in pop culture (and New York City) history I'm a North Korean... Get me out of here! 'Super-hot' defectors are celebs in South Korea after poking fun at Kim Jong-un on reality TV show Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Horrified mother shares disgusting online grooming messages sent by American paedophile to her 10-year-old daughter asking her to send him photos of her body From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over breakup with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrifying suicide streamed on Facebook Live Confused dog barks at the strange man in his garden... before he realises it's actually his owner who's lost 51lb after five weeks in hospital Teacher, 34, is found NOT GUILTY of 'seducing high school football star, 16, and having a threesome with him and a colleague' after judge said the student athlete was 'untrustworthy' U.S. Air Force launches unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California as a test amid rising tensions with North Korea Synthetic marijuana 'K2' found in Aaron Hernandez's body following autopsy after his shocking suicide   Johnny Depp slams former managers for blaming his $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on a cannon to shoot author Hunter Thompson's ashes over Aspen Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 28 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares41 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 8 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 61 dbrand debuts grippy new Black Dragon skin, offers 20% off storewide until midnight ET 2017/04/24 5:26pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 29 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 443 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 Google TalkBack 5.2 is out of beta with speech verbosity settings, Select to Speak, and more 2017/04/26 6:28pm PDTApr 26, 2017 19 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 Nougat starts rolling out to the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but only for Canary builds right now 2017/04/26 2:34pm PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 18 1 Year Ago Today Download: Android N Notification Sticker Sheet (For Sketch) To Quickly Mock Up Notifications 2016/04/26 7:13am PDTApr 26, 2016 312 2 Years Ago Today [Weekend Discussion] With Smartphones Getting So Big, Do You Still Want A Tablet? 2015/04/26 6:00pm PDTApr 26, 2015 154 3 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] How Important Is Water-Resistance Going To Be In Your Next Smartphone Purchase? 2014/04/26 5:01pm PDTApr 26, 2014 14 4 Years Ago Today HTC One US Developer Edition RUU And Full ROM ZIP Posted, ROM Addicts Breathe A Sigh Of Relief 2013/04/26 6:49pm PDTApr 26, 2013 87 5 Years Ago Today Key Android Engineer Weighs In On Manufacturer Contributions To AOSP And Update Rollouts - You Might Be Surprised Who's On Top 2012/04/26 4:44pm PDTApr 26, 2012 10 6 Years Ago Today Facebook For Android Updated To V1.5.4; Now Allows You To... Use Facebook Without Force Closes 2011/04/26 9:38pm PDTApr 26, 2011 7 7 Years Ago Today Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S Now Available For Preorder In The UK 2010/04/26 3:50pm PDTApr 26, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 18 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 105 [Update: Just headphones for employees] Google-branded wireless headphones show up at the FCC 2017/04/26 10:28am PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 7 Days 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.344s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Retailer celebrates third anniversary of Walmart2Walmart with price cuts and new digital experience for domestic money transfers BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 26, 2017 – Three years ago this week, Walmart introduced its groundbreaking money transfer service, Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria, with the goal of bringing customers dramatically lower costs and a simpler money transfer experience. Since that time, Walmart’s customers have enjoyed nearly half a billion dollars in fee savings through using this service, putting more hard-earned money back into their pockets. Today, Walmart – together with Ria Money Transfer and American Express – announced further improvements to the service, with the ambition of helping customers save even more money, along with time. Lowest-Ever Prices on Domestic Transfers Despite already offering some of the industry’s lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. The new fees, available beginning today, allow customers to save 20 to 90 percent on cash transfers versus the leading competitor.(1) Walmart2Walmart offers transparent national pricing in all Walmart stores, as opposed to other leading competitors, who often vary prices location by location:(2) See www.walmartmoneytransfers.com for price comparisons Easy Mobile Money Transfers via Bluebird Also, beginning in May, Walmart and American Express will introduce the Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer Service,(3) which allows accountholders of Bluebird – a checking and debit alternative – to digitally send money for cash pickup at Walmart store locations. Accountholders can access the new service by visiting Bluebird.com or by using the Bluebird app on their smartphone.(4) Money receivers do not need a Bluebird Account; rather, they can simply pick up their funds at any Walmart store within minutes of the online transfer.(5) Pricing is consistent with the new Walmart2Walmart prices. “We are extremely proud of the significant savings our customers have enjoyed in the three years since Walmart2Walmart was introduced. For the millions of customers who rely upon transferring money to help family and friends – whether regularly or in times of urgent need – we know saving money on costly fees can make a big difference,” said Kirsty Ward, vice president, Walmart Services. “Now, with even lower fees for Walmart2Walmart, as well as the option to send money digitally with Bluebird, we continue to deliver on our mission to save customers’ money, as well as time.” Today’s announcement is the latest way Walmart is bringing a new kind of ease and convenience to wire services. Earlier this year, Walmart announced enhancements to the Walmart app to create a faster, easier and more convenient experience for money transfer customers. The new capabilities, which began rolling out to Walmart stores in March, enable app users to use a designated express lane in stores. Money transfer services are just one of many financial services offered at local Walmart MoneyCenters and Walmart Customer Service desks. Other services include check cashing, bill pay, money orders, tax preparation services and pre-paid card programs, as well as Walmart.com Pay with Cash. For more information, please visit: www.walmartmoneytransfers.com. Associate and customer at Money Services desk Walmart2Walmart price chart in store Money Services desk in store About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at and on Twitter at . About Ria Ria, a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc., dba Ria Financial Services, together with its global money transfer affiliates, compose the Money Transfer Segment of Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:EEFT), a global provider of electronic payment and transaction processing solutions. Ria offers fast, secure, affordable money transfers through a network of approximately 321,000 locations in 148 countries and online at www.riamoneytransfer.com. Ria is steadfast in its commitment to its customers and is a vital member of the communities in which they live. For more information, visit www.riafinancial.com and www.riamoneytransfer.com. About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on , foursquare.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, , and youtube.com/americanexpress (1) Savings based using Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria compared to Western Union’s offer of send in person for cash pickup at an agent location with service within minutes. Savings valid as of April 11, 2017 and may change. Check competitor’s website for current prices. (2) Price does not include state taxes. (3) The Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer service is provided by Ria (defined below) pursuant to Ria’s Terms and Conditions and Ria’s Privacy Policy and the Bluebird® by American Express Member Agreement. Pickup is available in all 50 United States and Puerto Rico. The daily money transfer limit is $2,500 across all of your Bluebird Accounts, and a per-transaction limit of $499.99 applies to money transfers picked up in Arizona. A fee of $4 for each money transfer up to $50, $8 for each money transfer of $50.01- $1,000, and $16 for each money transfer of $1,000.01-$2,500 applies. Other limits and terms and conditions apply. Visit bluebird.com/moneytransfer for complete details. Ria is the licensed money transfer operator for all Walmart2Walmart domestic money transfer transactions and Bluebird2Walmart money transfers. Walmart acts as the authorized agent of Ria. Ria is a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc. dba Ria Financial Services, licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York; licensed by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, NMLS ID 920968, LICENSE NUMBER 18943; and authorized independently or through its affiliate, Ria Financial Services Puerto Rico, Inc. OCIF LICENSE NUMBER TM-031, to operate as a Money Transmitter in all United States’ jurisdictions where it conducts business. Bluebird is issued by American Express Travel Related Services, Company, Inc., 200 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10285, licensed as a money transmitter by the New York Department of Financial Services and financial regulators in other states. Terms and conditions apply; certain fees, surcharges may apply; registration and identity verification required to access all Bluebird features and benefits. Visit bluebird.com for details. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Mobile Crane Market 2017-2021: CAGR, Revenue, Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast Next PostNext Vivid’s Online Safety Engagement Survey Available Now Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Odd News Police round up 40 snakes dumped in Arkansas Walmart parking lot By Ben Hooper   |   April 26, 2017 at 2:26 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments April 26 (UPI) -- Police in Arkansas responded to a Walmart where they rounded up about 40 snakes someone apparently dumped in the parking lot. Paragould Police Detective Jack Hailey said officers responded Sunday night to the Walmart store in Paragould on a report of multiple snakes slithering around the parking lot. Witnesses posted warnings on Facebook for people to avoid the parking lot due to the presence of snakes that were initially feared venomous, but Hailey said the fears turned out to be unfounded. "At first, they were saying the snakes were copperheads and water moccasins," Hailey told KAIT-TV. "But, after we got one of our officers who is apparently some sort of snake whisperer, we learned that they were non-venomous garden snakes." Hailey said it appeared as though someone had captured the up to 40 snakes and dumped them in the parking lot. "They were either herding the snakes when they were frog gigging or something," Hailey said. "Either way, they were collecting them for this reason and I don't think that was the best thing to do at all. Especially, those out there with a phobia." "[Venomous] or not, it is dangerous when you put snakes in a busy area," Hailey said. "It could cause a panic with people trying to get away." He said police do not plan to charge anyone for the snake dumping, but he warned similar pranks could lead to charges. "At the minimum, you could look at disorderly conduct of causing alarm to a public place, but if you look at the bigger picture, is someone was trying to get away from them and got hurt in any sort of way, those charges could easily increase," Hailey said. "Your actions resulted in someone getting hurt and we don't want that at all." Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Police find kids tied up at Walmart Suspected meth lab found underneath Walmart parking lot Team Xtreme's stolen Sprint Cup car found Dead shark in Florida Walmart parking lot baffles investigators Comments Topics: Snakes Latest Headlines Drone records shark swimming under oblivious surfers 9 hours ago ago April 26 (UPI) -- A man taking drone video off an Australian beach captured footage of three surfers oblivious to the shark swimming right beneath them. Doctors remove 8-inch metal spoon swallowed by teenager 10 hours ago ago April 26 (UPI) -- Doctors at a Chinese hospital said they removed an 8-inch metal spoon from the stomach of an 18-year-old student who accidentally swallowed the utensil. Seattle woman receives fake movie money from ATM 10 hours ago ago April 26 (UPI) -- A Seattle woman who received a badly damaged $20 bill from an ATM examined the cash more closely and discovered it was a movie prop. Colorado store creates barricade for mother goose, eggs 10 hours ago ago April 26 (UPI) -- A Colorado Whole Foods has gone to great lengths to protect a mother goose that decided to form her nest outside the supermarket. Pennsylvania student finds dead worm in school lunch 11 hours ago ago April 26 (UPI) -- A Pennsylvania school district confirmed a high school student found a dead worm in his school lunch, but cafeteria workers were not to blame. Trending Stories Great white shark binge-eats for 18 hours on whale carcass Seattle woman receives fake movie money from ATM Drone records shark swimming under oblivious surfers Driver uses unusual method to tow boat on Florida highway Colorado store creates barricade for mother goose, eggs Photos Paul McCartney arrives for concert in Tokyo Chris Pratt, Anna Faris attend the 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' premiere in London Burt Reynolds, star of new movie 'Dog Years,' through the years Kristin Chenoweth, Orlando Jones attend the 'American Gods' premiere in Los Angeles Laura Linney, Richard Gere premiere 'The Dinner' at the Tribeca Film Festival Thousands compete in 2017 London Marathon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Amazon’s Q1 May Show Intensifying Wal-Mart War The recent initiation of Wal-Mart’s in-store pickup discounts opens the early innings of a potential price battle. April 26, 2017 12:49 p.m. ET Amazon.com (AMZN: Nasdaq) By Pacific Crest Securities ($907.41, April 24, 2017) We believe that Amazon.com continues to gain share in retail and at Amazon Web Services. However, our Consumer Survey shows Prime membership has reached 51% of U.S. households, so Amazon (ticker: AMZN) is taking steps to attract less-affluent consumers. For the first quarter, we remain at consensus on revenue but below on earnings per share as we... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. New Competitor Should Make Under Armour Sweat Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Big Banks Poised to Trade Sharply Higher Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Two Years with an Apple Watch: Our Review Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Serves Up a Back of The Napkin Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Income-Rich Stocks With Growth Potential Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 5 Smart Ways to Use Your Tax Refund 2 Should Whole Foods Sell Out? 3 Confidence Grows Around Amazon Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Amazon’s Q1 May Show Intensifying Wal-Mart War The recent initiation of Wal-Mart’s in-store pickup discounts opens the early innings of a potential price battle. April 26, 2017 12:49 p.m. ET Amazon.com (AMZN: Nasdaq) By Pacific Crest Securities ($907.41, April 24, 2017) We believe that Amazon.com continues to gain share in retail and at Amazon Web Services. However, our Consumer Survey shows Prime membership has reached 51% of U.S. households, so Amazon (ticker: AMZN) is taking steps to attract less-affluent consumers. For the first quarter, we remain at consensus on revenue but below on earnings per share as we... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. New Competitor Should Make Under Armour Sweat Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 3 Big Banks Poised to Trade Sharply Higher Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Two Years with an Apple Watch: Our Review Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Trump Serves Up a Back of The Napkin Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Income-Rich Stocks With Growth Potential Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 5 Smart Ways to Use Your Tax Refund 2 Should Whole Foods Sell Out? 3 Confidence Grows Around Amazon Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Alert 71° Full Menu Alert 71° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:30 Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting Pause 2:34 Tim Tebow making strides, but too early to speculate on future with Fireflies 2:58 Gov. McMaster opposing gas tax to fix South Carolina roads 1:27 Submitted video: Aiken County residents tired of megafarms crop-dusting 4:43 SC megafarms sucking billions of gallons of water annually affecting the Edisto River 2:45 Frank Martin on South Carolina basketball Leaders emerging next year 0:29 Tim Tebow gets his first triple in the minors 1:34 Exclusive sneak peek at new Fresh Market on Two Notch road in Columbia 1:16 SC Gov. Henry McMaster wants a new way to fund pension plan 0:47 Marches for Science pop up across the U.S. and the world Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook and an eyewitness talk about a Wednesday, April 26 officer-involved shooting in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart on Bush River Road. gmelendez@thestate.com Crime & Courts April 26, 2017 1:29 PM Officer-involved shooting reported at Columbia Wal-Mart, 2 injured By Cynthia Roldán croldan@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC A bystander and an armed man were shot at a Bush River Road Wal-Mart store Wednesday afternoon, authorities said. Police shot the armed man. Columbia police Chief Skip Holbrook said officers were called about noon because a man was carrying a gun and acting erratically at the store, which is located between I-26 and I-20 along a busy retail shopping area. Officer involved shooting Bush River Rd Wal-Mart. Media briefing 1:30 in parking lot staging area. CPD officers not injured. SLED on scene. pic.twitter.com/Csp4uvabDp— Cola Police Dept. SC (@ColumbiaPDSC) April 26, 2017 Holbrook declined to take questions. He also did not identify anyone involved in the shooting, which occurred in a Murphy gas station that is part of the Walmart complex. Holbrook said the gunman shot a man who was at a gas pump. The officers were not hurt. The injured gas station customer did not have a life-threatening injury, the chief said. The victim was rushed to a hospital for surgery. A Walmart employee was at the gas station when the gunman, chased by police, ran across the parking lot. The Walmart employee said the armed man made it inside the small store at the gas station and locked one of the doors. She and gas station staffers began screaming in fear, said the woman, who declined to tell her whole eyewitness account to reporters. The gunman ordered them to be quiet, the Walmart employee said. Then, he run out through a different door. She fled to her car, locking herself in the back seat, the woman said. The gunman tried to get in before police shot him, she said. The woman initially was telling her story to reporters, but she declined to elaborate after a State Law Enforcement Division agent walked her away. But she continued her account while talking to bystanders, even as reporters stood within earshot of her conversation. The armed man then ran toward officers and “engaged” them, Holbrook said during a news conference at the scene. Officers fired several rounds, striking the man at least once, he said. The suspect also is in surgery, though Holbrook did not elaborate about the type of injury the gunman has. Holbrook only would say the man was conscious when he was transported. Two officers were involved in the shooting, Holbrook said. SLED agents are conducting the investigation of the officer-involved shooting, which is standard practice for the Columbia Police Department. A Columbia police officer was stabbed and injured at the same Walmart in December.   Officers converge Wednesday afternoon on a Walmart on Bush River Road located between I-26 and I-20. Cynthia Roldán croldan@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:30 Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting Pause 2:34 Tim Tebow making strides, but too early to speculate on future with Fireflies 2:58 Gov. McMaster opposing gas tax to fix South Carolina roads 1:27 Submitted video: Aiken County residents tired of megafarms crop-dusting 4:43 SC megafarms sucking billions of gallons of water annually affecting the Edisto River 2:45 Frank Martin on South Carolina basketball Leaders emerging next year 0:29 Tim Tebow gets his first triple in the minors 1:34 Exclusive sneak peek at new Fresh Market on Two Notch road in Columbia 1:16 SC Gov. Henry McMaster wants a new way to fund pension plan 0:47 Marches for Science pop up across the U.S. and the world Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting 1:30 8 hours ago Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting 2:06 9 hours ago Officer involved shooting at Wal-Mart on Bush River Road 0:45 10 hours ago Body camera footage shows shooting involving Sumter police officer View More Video Crime & Courts Woman charged with stealing patrol car, hitting pedestrian Pour House, owner named in lawsuit stemming from choking of USC student Man faces indecent exposure charges in two Midlands jurisdictions Suspect wanted for armed robbery at Garners Ferry Road bank Police release photo of car involved in attempted murder Crime & Courts Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 28 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares41 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 8 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 61 dbrand debuts grippy new Black Dragon skin, offers 20% off storewide until midnight ET 2017/04/24 5:26pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 29 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 443 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 Google TalkBack 5.2 is out of beta with speech verbosity settings, Select to Speak, and more 2017/04/26 6:28pm PDTApr 26, 2017 19 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 Nougat starts rolling out to the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but only for Canary builds right now 2017/04/26 2:34pm PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 18 1 Year Ago Today Download: Android N Notification Sticker Sheet (For Sketch) To Quickly Mock Up Notifications 2016/04/26 7:13am PDTApr 26, 2016 312 2 Years Ago Today [Weekend Discussion] With Smartphones Getting So Big, Do You Still Want A Tablet? 2015/04/26 6:00pm PDTApr 26, 2015 154 3 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] How Important Is Water-Resistance Going To Be In Your Next Smartphone Purchase? 2014/04/26 5:01pm PDTApr 26, 2014 14 4 Years Ago Today HTC One US Developer Edition RUU And Full ROM ZIP Posted, ROM Addicts Breathe A Sigh Of Relief 2013/04/26 6:49pm PDTApr 26, 2013 87 5 Years Ago Today Key Android Engineer Weighs In On Manufacturer Contributions To AOSP And Update Rollouts - You Might Be Surprised Who's On Top 2012/04/26 4:44pm PDTApr 26, 2012 10 6 Years Ago Today Facebook For Android Updated To V1.5.4; Now Allows You To... Use Facebook Without Force Closes 2011/04/26 9:38pm PDTApr 26, 2011 7 7 Years Ago Today Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S Now Available For Preorder In The UK 2010/04/26 3:50pm PDTApr 26, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 18 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 105 [Update: Just headphones for employees] Google-branded wireless headphones show up at the FCC 2017/04/26 10:28am PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 7 Days 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.344s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 13 Plus 1 on G+ 28 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares41 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 8 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 61 dbrand debuts grippy new Black Dragon skin, offers 20% off storewide until midnight ET 2017/04/24 5:26pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 29 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 443 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 Google TalkBack 5.2 is out of beta with speech verbosity settings, Select to Speak, and more 2017/04/26 6:28pm PDTApr 26, 2017 19 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 Nougat starts rolling out to the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but only for Canary builds right now 2017/04/26 2:34pm PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 18 1 Year Ago Today Download: Android N Notification Sticker Sheet (For Sketch) To Quickly Mock Up Notifications 2016/04/26 7:13am PDTApr 26, 2016 312 2 Years Ago Today [Weekend Discussion] With Smartphones Getting So Big, Do You Still Want A Tablet? 2015/04/26 6:00pm PDTApr 26, 2015 154 3 Years Ago Today [Weekend Poll] How Important Is Water-Resistance Going To Be In Your Next Smartphone Purchase? 2014/04/26 5:01pm PDTApr 26, 2014 14 4 Years Ago Today HTC One US Developer Edition RUU And Full ROM ZIP Posted, ROM Addicts Breathe A Sigh Of Relief 2013/04/26 6:49pm PDTApr 26, 2013 87 5 Years Ago Today Key Android Engineer Weighs In On Manufacturer Contributions To AOSP And Update Rollouts - You Might Be Surprised Who's On Top 2012/04/26 4:44pm PDTApr 26, 2012 10 6 Years Ago Today Facebook For Android Updated To V1.5.4; Now Allows You To... Use Facebook Without Force Closes 2011/04/26 9:38pm PDTApr 26, 2011 7 7 Years Ago Today Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S Now Available For Preorder In The UK 2010/04/26 3:50pm PDTApr 26, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 18 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 105 [Update: Just headphones for employees] Google-branded wireless headphones show up at the FCC 2017/04/26 10:28am PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 7 Days 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.344s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Retailer celebrates third anniversary of Walmart2Walmart with price cuts and new digital experience for domestic money transfers BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 26, 2017 – Three years ago this week, Walmart introduced its groundbreaking money transfer service, Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria, with the goal of bringing customers dramatically lower costs and a simpler money transfer experience. Since that time, Walmart’s customers have enjoyed nearly half a billion dollars in fee savings through using this service, putting more hard-earned money back into their pockets. Today, Walmart – together with Ria Money Transfer and American Express – announced further improvements to the service, with the ambition of helping customers save even more money, along with time. Lowest-Ever Prices on Domestic Transfers Despite already offering some of the industry’s lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. The new fees, available beginning today, allow customers to save 20 to 90 percent on cash transfers versus the leading competitor.(1) Walmart2Walmart offers transparent national pricing in all Walmart stores, as opposed to other leading competitors, who often vary prices location by location:(2) See www.walmartmoneytransfers.com for price comparisons Easy Mobile Money Transfers via Bluebird Also, beginning in May, Walmart and American Express will introduce the Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer Service,(3) which allows accountholders of Bluebird – a checking and debit alternative – to digitally send money for cash pickup at Walmart store locations. Accountholders can access the new service by visiting Bluebird.com or by using the Bluebird app on their smartphone.(4) Money receivers do not need a Bluebird Account; rather, they can simply pick up their funds at any Walmart store within minutes of the online transfer.(5) Pricing is consistent with the new Walmart2Walmart prices. “We are extremely proud of the significant savings our customers have enjoyed in the three years since Walmart2Walmart was introduced. For the millions of customers who rely upon transferring money to help family and friends – whether regularly or in times of urgent need – we know saving money on costly fees can make a big difference,” said Kirsty Ward, vice president, Walmart Services. “Now, with even lower fees for Walmart2Walmart, as well as the option to send money digitally with Bluebird, we continue to deliver on our mission to save customers’ money, as well as time.” Today’s announcement is the latest way Walmart is bringing a new kind of ease and convenience to wire services. Earlier this year, Walmart announced enhancements to the Walmart app to create a faster, easier and more convenient experience for money transfer customers. The new capabilities, which began rolling out to Walmart stores in March, enable app users to use a designated express lane in stores. Money transfer services are just one of many financial services offered at local Walmart MoneyCenters and Walmart Customer Service desks. Other services include check cashing, bill pay, money orders, tax preparation services and pre-paid card programs, as well as Walmart.com Pay with Cash. For more information, please visit: www.walmartmoneytransfers.com. Associate and customer at Money Services desk Walmart2Walmart price chart in store Money Services desk in store About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Ria Ria, a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc., dba Ria Financial Services, together with its global money transfer affiliates, compose the Money Transfer Segment of Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:EEFT), a global provider of electronic payment and transaction processing solutions. Ria offers fast, secure, affordable money transfers through a network of approximately 321,000 locations in 148 countries and online at www.riamoneytransfer.com. Ria is steadfast in its commitment to its customers and is a vital member of the communities in which they live. For more information, visit www.riafinancial.com and www.riamoneytransfer.com. About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, foursquare.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, twitter.com/americanexpress, and youtube.com/americanexpress (1) Savings based using Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria compared to Western Union’s offer of send in person for cash pickup at an agent location with service within minutes. Savings valid as of April 11, 2017 and may change. Check competitor’s website for current prices. (2) Price does not include state taxes. (3) The Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer service is provided by Ria (defined below) pursuant to Ria’s Terms and Conditions and Ria’s Privacy Policy and the Bluebird® by American Express Member Agreement. Pickup is available in all 50 United States and Puerto Rico. The daily money transfer limit is $2,500 across all of your Bluebird Accounts, and a per-transaction limit of $499.99 applies to money transfers picked up in Arizona. A fee of $4 for each money transfer up to $50, $8 for each money transfer of $50.01- $1,000, and $16 for each money transfer of $1,000.01-$2,500 applies. Other limits and terms and conditions apply. Visit bluebird.com/moneytransfer for complete details. Ria is the licensed money transfer operator for all Walmart2Walmart domestic money transfer transactions and Bluebird2Walmart money transfers. Walmart acts as the authorized agent of Ria. Ria is a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc. dba Ria Financial Services, licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York; licensed by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, NMLS ID 920968, LICENSE NUMBER 18943; and authorized independently or through its affiliate, Ria Financial Services Puerto Rico, Inc. OCIF LICENSE NUMBER TM-031, to operate as a Money Transmitter in all United States’ jurisdictions where it conducts business. Bluebird is issued by American Express Travel Related Services, Company, Inc., 200 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10285, licensed as a money transmitter by the New York Department of Financial Services and financial regulators in other states. Terms and conditions apply; certain fees, surcharges may apply; registration and identity verification required to access all Bluebird features and benefits. Visit bluebird.com for details. (4) Data rates may apply. (5) Subject to store hours and compliance with regulatory requirements. #### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Gas Leak Detectors Market 2017-2022 Agilent, PerkinElmer, ABB, Horiba, Hy-Lok USA, LA-CO Industries Next PostNext Global Frequency Conversion Power Meter Market 2017-2022 Itron, Toshiba, Melrose Plc, Wasion Group Holdings, ABB Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Passenger is thrown off his Delta flight because he used the BATHROOM during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in latest PR nightmare for US airlines 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking picture of her dying son, 22, in hospital after he overdosed on fentanyl in a bid to stop the 'out-of-control' epidemic  Trump says he is NOT leaving NAFTA: President reverses his position in call with Mexico and Canada just hours after he considered pulling out of the 'disaster' deal  From cats to elephants to humans, how every mammal takes 12 seconds to poop Survivalist Eric Frein, 33, who murdered a state trooper in cold-blooded ambush at his barracks, is sentenced to death Kentucky high school basketball player, 15, dies after collapsing in locker room after a workout with team trainer Energy drinks ARE more dangerous than other caffeine-laden options and raise blood pressure in just 2 hours North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even combat ready, claims US military expert Trump warns senators about the need to 'remove' the 'grave threat' posed by North Korea as legislators decamp to the White House for unprecedented top-secret briefing on hot spot Never-before-seen footage of China's nuclear missile submarines as Beijing flaunts its naval power in dramatic propaganda video 'The Earth will break': North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with 'five million nuclear bombs' carried by children  'If it flies, it dies': Top US commander vows any North Korean missile threat would be blown out of the sky but admits Hawaii may need stronger defenses Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over break-up with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrific suicide streamed on Facebook Live that was watched more than 1,000 times before being removed Top NFL prospect Gareon Conley, 21, is accused of rape on eve of the draft: Woman, 23, says former Ohio State cornerback attacked her in a hotel earlier this month  Woman, 86, is beaten to death after a man randomly attacked her and a friend, 61, while they walked around a high school track Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils 'biggest tax cut in history' that kills the death tax and slashes corporate rate to 15% Trump suggests breaking up the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as he blasts 'egregious overreach' of San Francisco judge who blocked his sanctuary city crackdown  Treasury secretary lets slip that Trump 'has no intention' of releasing his tax returns Manufacturer behind Ivanka Trump's clothing line pays workers just $1 an hour: Shocking report shows Chinese firm 'violated labor practices and made staff work up to 82 hours a month in overtime'  Administration would abolish ‘complicated set of rules’ known as the ‘Alternative Minimum Tax’ – after the provision hit Trump for $31 million in 2005 'A wonderful example of kindness and grace for us all': Ivanka pays gushing birthday tribute to 'incredible step-mom' Melania after it was claimed the pair have a frosty relationship There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary-supporter Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the cover of Vogue and that she has 'respect' for Ivanka Teacher's pet! Trump and birthday girl Melania are joined by educators from every state to honor the National Teacher of the Year Previous Next Tipster will receive $10,000 reward for helping police capture teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old kidnapping victim for more than a month Griffin Barry helped police arrest Tad Cummins, 50, who had been on the run for more than a month after kidnapping former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15 The 29-year-old man is originally from Tennessee but now works as a cabin caretaker in northern California  He says that Cummins and the girl, who were going by the names John and Joanna, came through the area two weeks ago looking for a commune  They came back on Tuesday when the commune turned them down   Barry let the two stay in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work A neighbor showed Barry a picture of the missing couple and he then called 911 before police arrested Cummins in a raid the next morning Cummins' old co-worker offered a reward to anyone who would bring Thomas home and is now also offering Barry a paid trip to Tennessee By Jessica Chia and Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com Published: 10:38 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 11:59 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail 32 shares 72 View comments A Good Samaritan will receive a $10,000 reward after he helped police capture a 50-year-old teacher who went on the run with a teenage girl he is accused of kidnapping. Griffin Barry, 29, let Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas stay in an unfinished cabin near Cecilville, California, in exchange for work after the 50-year-old fabricated a story claiming he lost everything he owned in a fire. Cummins disappeared from Tennessee with his 15-year-old student on March 13 and made his way across the country while authorities issued several Amber Alerts for the two. They passed themselves off as John and Joanna, and Barry didn't realize they were on the run until a neighbor showed him a picture of the girl's missing person poster.  Barry, who called the police and helped the SWAT team capture Cummins last Thursday, will receive his reward on Friday, according to Thomas' family attorney S. Jason Whatley. Scroll down for video  Griffin Barry, 29 (pictured), helped police arrest Tad Cummins, the 50-year-old Tennessee teacher who had been on the run for more than a month with one of his 15-year-old students  Cummins' former co-worker Chandler Anderson offered up a $10,000 reward to anyone who could bring Thomas home safely. When news broke that the teacher was taken into custody, Anderson - a nurse practitioner who worked with Cummins while he was a respiratory therapist - was flooded with text messages. Anderson told WVLT, 'That's a good way to wake up,' before adding: 'We are thrilled to write this check.' Anderson is even offering Barry a paid trip to Tennessee to properly thank the 29-year-old cabin caretaker for his help. Barry didn't realize Tad Cummins (left) was on the run with his student Elizabeth Thomas (right) until a neighbor showed him a picture of the girl's missing person poster. He then called 911 Cummins continued to drive his Nissan Rogue the whole time, but removed the license plates Looking back, Barry said there was something suspicious about the couple.  'She spoke very few words and he would try and like, talk for her a lot,' Barry told KRCR. 'He was likely clearly keeping her separate.'  Barry says the two first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune in Siskiyou County, California. The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune.   'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you, you know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN.  Cummins and Thomas did in fact make it to the commune, but the members there sensed something was off and decided against letting them into the group. The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after a neighbor showed the shack's caretaker a picture of the girl's missing person poster Barry let the two stay in an unfinished cabin near Cecilville, California, in exchange for work after the 50-year-old fabricated a story claiming he lost everything he owned in a fire Looking back, Barry said there was something suspicious about the couple  'I feel a little funny because there were all kinds of indications that there was something a little funny going on [but it] never occurred to me that she was 15 years old. They said she was 22, I thought…yeah,' member Peter LaughingWolf said. LaughingWolf said that after telling Cummins that they wouldn't be a good fit, he stormed off with Thomas.  'What really should have been a clue that something was wrong was that he got so angry when that was shared with them,' added LaughingWolf.  After they were rejected from the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on Tuesday, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work. 'In my head I'm thinking he had a house fire and lost everything,' Barry said. 'I came out here on a prayer and people helped me out and got me on my feet and hopefully I can pass it on.' The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Barry, right, appeared on Good Morning America Friday morning to detail how he helped police nab Cummins  Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday, saying they had not yet been able to talk to her. Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Barry said he rarely interacted with Thomas during the couple's 36-hour stay at the property.  'He would talk for her a lot and kept her separate, you know,' Barry told WBIR. 'And a couple of times he always kept her in the car and he would be like 'she's asleep,' you know, and I'm like okay. I was kind of telling some people, you know, she never really looks at me and he's always talking for her. I was like, whatever, they're on hard times or something.' It wasn't until Wednesday night that he finally recognized Cummins and the girl, when a neighbor showed him a missing persons picture.  'Someone was showing me a picture, I was telling them you know and said "That's the guy,"' he said. 'So we called 911 last night and we were calling that Tennessee Bureau of Investigation line or whatever so I guess the first sheriff got out here at about 2am.' The neighbor reportedly got suspicious about the couple's car, a silver Nissan Rogue. It was the same car the couple went missing in, and the plates had been removed.  After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, SWAT teams formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to walk out around 4am. After a while, they brought in Barry to help speed up the process.  'I was driving by trying to flush him out. [Sheriff's deputies] were like, "honk the horn!"' Barry said. 'I'm glad I got to help.' As Cummins was taken into custody, he reportedly remarked 'I'm glad this is over'.  Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed' according to police, and had a mixed emotional reaction. 'It was an intense situation,' Lt Behr Tharsing, of the Siskiyou County Police, told Good Morning America on Friday. 'She was laughing, she was crying, she was kind of an emotional rollercoaster as you can imagine.' Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture Whately, the attorney representing the Thomas family, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest. Maps were found in Cummins' car for both San Francisco and Baltimore.  Thomas is being treated in a mental health facility. Her father, Anthony, told Good Morning America on Friday that the family still hasn't been able to speak to Elizabeth yet and that he believes she may have been brainwashed. Cummins, who is in a California jail waiting to be transferred back to Tennessee, is charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse.  He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. The aggravated kidnapping charge carries an eight to 12 year sentence.  A criminal complaint released Friday also revealed new details about Cummins. It says that before leaving town, he refilled his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction. He also picked up KY Jelly, a personal lubricant, during a stop at Walmart in Oklahoma with Thomas. Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old. She's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. 'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.' Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court. However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak. 'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added. But the girl's father claims in divorce documents filed Monday that his wife's year-long campaign of abuse against Thomas, which allegedly involved beating the teenager and locking her in a basement, left her open to being groomed.    Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away. 'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT GIVES DETAILED TIMELINE OF COUPLE'S MONTH ON THE RUN  New details are being released about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teacher and student who were found hiding out in a remote California cabin on Thursday after more than a month on the run. On Friday, a copy of the FBI's criminal complaint against Cummins was released, detailing the events leading up to the alleged couple's March 13 disappearance and what authorities know so far about their weeks on the lam.  Maury County Police first learned about the couple's illicit relationship on January 30, from the school resource officer assigned to the Culleoka Unit School. The officer relayed that a 12-year-old student told him he or she walked into a classroom and witnessed Cummins kissing Thomas on January 23. 'The student described the kiss as a romantic peck rather than a father-daughter type kiss,' Detective Jonthan R. Hardison wrote in the complaint. The student said that he or she went to confront Cummins with another student after school. 'The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife, but indicated that [Thomas] sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that [she] had a troubled past,' the report says. On January 31, detectives interviewed Thomas about the allegations, and she said the two never kissed. She told officers that she went into Cummins classroom after getting into an altercation with another teacher about using the bathroom and that he comforted her. Thomas 'advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down'. That same day, Thomas' father let officers look at his daughter's cellphone, and they saw that she had been in 'brief contact' with Cummins that day. Officers interviewed Cummins the next day, and he too denied that they had kissed, saying that instead he was like a 'father figure' to the girl. Cummins was allowed to keep teaching at the school while the district investigated the claims, but just two days after his interview with police, he got in trouble again for being with Thomas in a classroom. A school official called police on February 3, saying that the two had been alone in a classroom for 30 minutes, despite Cummins' orders to stay away from the girl. Detectives reviewed surveillance footage and found that the two had indeed been in a classroom together, and that other students were present. The school suspended Cummins on February 6 for the matter. It's still unclear when exactly Cummins started plotting his escape with Thomas, but he did refill his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction - three days before leaving, his wife Jill revealed. He also took out a $4,500 loan a week before his disappearance, which was supposed to help him and his wife get by while he was out of the job. His wife said that she noticed the money missing after her husband left. Police believe Cummins and Thomas met up at Shoney's Restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee the morning of March 13. A friend reportedly picked up Thomas from her house and dropped her off at the restaurant around 8am. Meanwhile, surveillance footage showed Cummins filling his wife's Nissan Rogue up with gas at a Shell station next to the restaurant around 8:30am. He was seen leaving the station five minutes later in the direction of Shoney's. The morning that Cummins went missing, he lied to his wife about going to a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. When she returned home, she found a note from her husband saying he was 'travelling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind'. 'He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call the police,' the complaint says. 'Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him.' Mrs Cummins followed the letter and did not call police that night. But Thomas' father immediately got police involved, calling to report his daughter missing around 10:30pm that night. Mr Thomas told officers that he feared his daughter might be missing with Cummins. The following morning, around 7:30am, Mrs Cummins finally called to report her husband missing. She told police about the letter he left behind and the missing money. She also added that two handguns, clothes and some toiletry items were also missing from the home. After an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, tips started streaming into the FBI hotline. One of the early reports came from a Motel 8 employee who found Tad Cummins' name in the national database.  Police learned that Cummins stayed at a location in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15 and 16, renting a room with a single queen-sized bed. Employees at the location said that Cummins asked for directions to a Walmart. Police later obtained surveillance footage showing the two shopping at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15, in which they bought hair dye to alter their appearance. After checking out of that Motel 8 on March 16, the couple moved west to Guymon, Oklahoma - about a five hour's drive away - where they checked into another Motel 8. Again, they rented a room with only one bed, and stayed there for a night - checking out on March 17.  They also shopped at another Walmart, this time picking up women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly - a personal lubricant used for sex. Police reportedly obtained surveillance footage of this March 16 trip but have not released it to the public. Cummins was finally taken into custody on Thursday, after police received a tip from a caretaker in northern California, who said the two were staying in an unfinished cabin on his property.  FULL CRIMINAL COMPLAINT:     Share or comment on this article e-mail 32 shares Most watched News videos Tensions rise as North Korea holds massive artillery drill Moment suspected thieves try to steal from white haired pensioner Moment officer kills biker by ramming motorcycle off road Dog has to SMELL owner to recognise him after drastic weight loss 'F**k your Mum': Jeremy Vine almost gets knocked off his bike North Korea says ready to sink US aircraft carrier Video of Marinna Rollins murdering her service dog Cam Female driver ploughs into learner driver while holding a phone CCTV footage shows injured Brit who was dumped on road side Aston Villa fans bully and taunt a couple on train Fox News host makes lewd comments about Ivanka Trump Damon Smith leaves tube without rucksack containing homemade bomb Kim prepares for war: North Korean leader takes the... Police warn Blue Whale 'suicide' Facebook game linked to... Pictured: Moment 'ISIS inspired' student, 20, 'left... North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with... Police dashcam video shows the horrifying moment a cop... Mother of British man who was left for dead with severe... 'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Aaron Hernandez... Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during... The brutalist tower blocks that changed the London... Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and... Horrified mother shares disgusting online grooming... Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits... Heartbroken family reveal terminally-ill Bradley Lowery... Schoolboy, 11, who had both legs amputated after 'severe... Hundreds of horrified holidaymakers who paid for 'meet... Traffic warden ‘tries to ticket a car with an UNCONSCIOUS... Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters... Cash me in court! Infamous 14-year-old Dr. Phil guest is... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 72 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Photoshop and Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants Pretty in pink! Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico 'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Exciting news for the reality star  Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Another raunchy snap  'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' The pair have an amicable arrangement 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home 'I felt sorry for Kendall': Caitlyn Jenner defends her daughter's 'so cool' Pepsi commercial as she failed to see what was problematic about the advert Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party Looked proud as punch From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana reveals she's living in a motel room with five family members Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and cottage cheese for lunch recounted by her former assistant who dishes on life with former first lady Bachelor star Chris Soules breaks his silence to say he and his family are 'overwhelmed' after he allegedly killed his neighbor in a car crash  'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash John Legend says Trump is 'one of the worst people I've ever encountered' and it's fine that Obama is now making $400,000 per speech from Wall Street  Ivanka Trump pays gushing birthday tribute to 'incredible step-mom' Melania after report claimed the pair have a frosty relationship 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Looked like a playful kid 'From DC universe comes skincare man': Russell Crowe joins Instagram with hilarious face mask video and says Ratatouille is key to a great acting career Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave Obama's last  party because all she could do was cry  Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef Leggy Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley touch down LA after couple celebrate actress being named one of Time's 100 Most Influential People Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes backside in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico Ditched the swimwear  Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere Actress turned heads on the red carpet  A family affair! Susan Sarandon supports son Miles Robbins as he DJs fragrance event in NYC The Feud star donned a casual outfit as she watched the 24-year-old 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing  dad Michael's legacy Hot metal! Victoria Justice sizzles in a slinky silver dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar party Actress flaunted her slender legs  Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Flaunted her cleavage  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats daughter Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in Los Angeles Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour The whole clan will be with him on the tour bus Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot  Spent morning around the West Village  Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price Slashed the price to attract buyers  Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit She's ready for the release of the remake  Mississippi sheriff's deputy claims R. Kelly had a five-year affair with his wife that led to their divorce and left him in financial ruin = Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shares comical photo of her 11-month-old son Tripp grimacing as she holds him in the sand during his second beach trip Sizzling hot! Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage, taut torso and pert derrière in skimpy swimwear for latest shoot Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York photo shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Has been clean for the last 18 months  Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie At least she has Elon! Amber Heard says she's 'missing' her pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with billionaire boyfriend following dog smuggling drama with ex Depp Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Sucessful shopping expedition  Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Reality star wore a Nike top in the shot where she grabs her bump Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  Reality star believes problem may have been caused by supplements 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Gird your loins! Bare-breasted Gabi Grecko performs bizarre rooftop dance routine with soapy water as she embraces her new identity as a 'fembot' Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Pair had their hands full with their kids  She looks outta this world! Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at 'Lost In Space' party  No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York She definitely stoof out from the crowd   Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is all smiles while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26, as he mulls quitting acting to focus on fatherhood 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC The on-and-off pair looked loved-up  Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Military chic! Actress Naomi Watts cuts a relaxed figure in army green jacket and trendy hat as she runs errands in New York Low-key outfit  Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' Blige filed for divorce last year  Queen of the North: Monica Lewinsky and her flawless hair hold court at the annual TED conference in Vancouver Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June 'That won't be happening now': Mel C and Victoria Beckham REFUSE to get on board with plans for a Spice Girls talent show forcing it to now be axed Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami They discussed President Trump  'It's a treat': Rachael Finch fills three-year-old daughter Violet up with 'good food' before birthday parties to prevent her indulging in junk food  'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Did Aaron Hernandez give clue to suicide plans in note written to prison lover just three weeks before suicide?  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Just become a dad Save these hairstyles for a rainy day! After Chrissy Teigen's perfect waves get rained on, FEMAIL details April shower-proof looks to try at home The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years this summer after painful divorce sidelined her Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Fixer Upper star Joanna Gaines denies rumors she's quitting show to launch a skincare line She has four kids with husband Chip The home that news built: NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt lists his luxury Manhattan apartment for a cool $6.6million Owned it for 10 years 'Boobs!' Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in cute Snapchat video Sweet moment for pair  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife Vanessa already have three daughters... and a fourth could be on the horizon PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Olympic gymnast Carly Patterson on how she overcame 'emotionally draining' miscarriage, as she celebrates a 'miracle' pregnancy  Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat She's so Kardashian! Outrageous Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing 50 shades of pink! As stars like Joan Smalls, Gigi Hadid and Ashley Benson debut magenta hair hues, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can try the trend The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Found dead at hotel  Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump holds a microphone Quip sparked outrage Blonde bombshells! Amy Schumer flaunts curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London 'Perspective is a b****': Defiant Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid bikini furore Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London Fashion star Liu Wen teaches Wendi Murdoch and her daughters how to take the perfect selfie, before showing Regis the right way to eat dumplings  Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honored by the King of Spain 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga She was talking to Ellen 'I just ran in to a guy in a tractor': 911 calls reveal Bachelor star Chris Soules checked his neighbor's pulse after fatal crash before 'fleeing' in another car  'Real life whale!' Pregnant Bristol Palin pokes fun at growing baby bump as she perches on husband Dakota's lap two weeks before her due date Synthetic marijuana 'K2' found in Aaron Hernandez's body following autopsy after his shocking suicide   Former NFL star was found dead in prison cell There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary fan Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the cover of Vogue and that she has 'respect' for Ivanka E! reality star Hencha Voight accused of blackmailing 'queen of Snapchat' YesJulz over sex videos fights in court to keep iPhone password private Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with Parks and Recreation actress Natalie Morales' He is said to be 'smitten' Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Another hit for Natalie Jailed Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has trademarked his name from behind bars while serving time for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp  Hilaria Baldwin reveals she watched husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) The 1988 flick starred Melanie Griffith Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between  The 41-year-old actress was in Vancouver 'Basically, I have an eating disorder': Aaron Carter denies he's on drugs and explains his 'stress-related' hiatal hernia causes him to lose weight A little 'maintenance'! Luann de Lesseps enjoys a day of Botox and pampering with Miami counterparts Marysol Patton and Lisa Hochstein Married at First Sight groom is ready to consummate his marriage after just ONE night with his new wife - and his mother does not approve What a dish! Jessica Seinfeld shows off slender physique in floral print skirt as she promotes her new cook book in NYC Jerry's wife since 1999 EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  With Peta and baby Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album Johnny Depp slams former managers for blaming his $40M debt on reckless spending then reveals he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes over Aspen 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks hip-hugging white dress and trench coat...after ex-wife Kris Jenner wore nearly identical outfit a year ago That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad Drugs, disco, dance and dazzle: 40 years after it first opened its doors Studio 54 retains its legendary place in pop culture (and New York City) history Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual for family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver 'Go be offended at your own life!' Erika Jayne bares all in a naked Instagram snap and swiftly gives a message to her haters Recently voted off DWTS Bill Cosby's lawyer says she may try to win case by arguing accusers lied about drugging and assaults as a result of 'false memory creations'  Bill Cosby's youngest daughter Evin says her dad 'loves and respects' women, isn't a rapist' and she and her mother have forgiven his past affairs Bill Cosby breaks his silence to say he's totally blind and he is working on new material hoping to perform again  Disgraced star hoping for comeback at 79 They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together Posted on Instagram 'It's a GIRL!' Married at First Sight's Jamie Otis and Doug Hehner joyously reveal baby's sex - nine months after devastating late miscarriage Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in London terror attack  a month ago 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles  blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Letting her hair down  PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-listers put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion with servants' quarters and bulletproof windows 'You press the wrong button and... Oh no': Serena Williams explains how she accidentally revealed her pregnancy on social media 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post Shameless star opened her heart Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour One Direction star, 23 Want to look like Kendall Jenner? Supermodel's personal trainer Gunnar Peterson reveals how the 21-year-old maintains her incredible figure Breaking Amish star Jeremiah Raber 'arrested for assaulting his wife' but insists he will 'prove' his innocence Taken into custody  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley all pose with their children for special reunion photo shoot Happy Bachelor moms The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) Already has 20-plus inkings on body Brooklyn Beckham confidently flaunts his flashy new $44,000 Land Rover to a gaggle of female companions as he heads for a ride in London Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Baring a bit of her midriff beneath a black crop top Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Going from strength to strength! Cancer survivor Shannen Doherty looks fit and fab as she shops with husband Kurt Iswarienko Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Lindsay Lohan teases clothing line as she models shiny swimsuit cover-up in vacation snap... but quickly deletes it Oon a yacht in Greece  Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match 'Dreamy': Kendall Jenner wears swimsuit but hides her face in arty snap for her Instagram fans  Showcased her supermodel figure Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since revealing she was expecting a baby It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumored new love interest Travis look very cozy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Ouch! Bella Thorne shrieks in pain during her first bikini wax in awkward Snapchat video She's sharing everything with her fans Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly 'You are a sick woman!' Lisa Rinna lashes out at Kim Richards over toy bunny on RHOBH reunion part three The chat got heated  Chelsea Clinton receives award at gala in NYC for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  He's 'blind for love!' Justin Bieber is casual cool in Gucci slogan hoodie as he enjoys lunch in Beverly Hills Canadian singer been following NHL playofffs Winning the cuteness crown! Prince Liam of Luxembourg is christened at The Vatican - but it's his adorable sister Amalia who steals the show  Tough girls! Josephine Skriver and Jasmine Tookes show off their sporting prowess on Victoria's Secret shoot It's no wonder they have killer bodies There she blows! Disheveled Demi Lovato arrives to Time 100 Gala looking worse for wear after being battered by wind and rain in stormy NYC Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala Bad weather in NYC Blake Lively flashes the flesh in extreme plunging fringed dress as she joins husband Ryan Reynolds at star-studded Time 100 Gala in New York City Megyn Kelly hits the Time 100 Gala with her husband Douglas Brunt, Mia and Ronan Farrow, and Katie Couric as she prepares to start her new NBC job Sister act! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian parade their beach bods in matching silver bikinis Celebrating Kourtney's 38th birthday  Jennifer Lawrence arrives on set and transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia Blushing in pink! Lisa Vanderpump looks lovely in a pastel overcoat as she totes precious pup for flight out of LAX She's got eight furry pals Gold and Silv-stedt! Swedish model Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NYC Caitlyn Jenner jokes she has 'way too many skeletons in closet' to run for public office... but won't rule it out because she wants to support transgender community Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Make-up free Whitney Port debuts sizeable baby bump while shopping at Whole Foods in her sweats In her second trimester and bumping along 'We're out here living': April Love Geary, 22, defends age gap between her and boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in romantic Instagram post Girl power! Mel B's famous friends Heidi Klum and Tyra Banks rally round as sordid accusations fly following marriage split Quite the trio  Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... after suing singer for $80,000 for egging their home Jessica Biel shows off her endless legs in raunchy wrap dress as she enjoys NYC date night with husband Justin Timberlake who went for casual look Happy chappy! Hunky Game Of Thrones star Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in an Australian  bar He's shooting Aquaman with Nicole Kidman Top chest! Padma Lakshmi pours her curves into a rose-themed strapless gown at TIME 100 gala Flaunted her ample cleavage  Long-time partner of Gianni Versace recalls the heart-wrenching moment a serial killer murdered his lover outside the fashion designer's  mansion  Goodbye locks! Selena Gomez cuts off her signature long mane then reveals the results on Instagram Shared the final look with her 118m followers  Travel buddies! Pamela Anderson walks her golden retriever through LAX ...as steamy ad campaign photos are revealed for Coco de Mer 'She blatantly lied on me': Aretha blasts Dionne Warwick for claiming she was Whitney Houston's godmother...five years ago Brunette Lady Gaga looks like the girl next door as she shows off slim waist filming A Star Is Born in Los Angeles Was back on set with a low-key look  So Vonn-derful! Skiing champ Lindsey displays her cleavage in revealing black dress as she makes a glamorous arrival at the Time 100 Gala Tripping out! Ashley Graham nearly takes a tumble in slinky black gown as she arrives at the Time 100 Gala in NYC She gasped as she fell 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Back to the dinosaur park! Jeff Goldblum signs on for Jurassic World sequel with Chris Pratt Is 25 years since he first faced the reptiles  'She was a natural fit for us': Anna Wintour reveals why she picked Theresa May to star in Vogue - as she praises Britain's first female PM since Margaret Thatcher Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show The two Brits are pals 'I'm a hot s**t lez': Feisty Masters Of Sex star Lizzie Caplan dishes on her time working with Brad Pitt on the WWII romantic thriller Allied  The best revenge! Larsa Pippen shows off her voluptuous figure in revealing bikini photos after split with Scottie Showing her ex what he is missing  Makeup-free Paris Jackson puts on a leggy display in loose shorts and a simple T-shirt as she embraces a casual look Busy actress-model Marilyn Monroe's Brentwood home, where iconic actress tragically overdosed at 36, goes on the market for $6.9 million  It covers 2,624 sq ft. Tucker Carlson almost matches O'Reilly's ratings in his first night in Fox News' prime time o'clock slot - and beats CNN and MSNBC by two MILLION viewers Doting dad Christian Bale enjoys blissful family outing with wife Sibi and their young son Joseph The 43-year-old looked at ease on his day off  'I had no idea what to say!': Gabourey Sidibe reveals she worked as a phone sex operator before landing her big break in Hollywood Revealing new memoir  Down to 11! Gwen Stefani tearfully says farewell to her singer Troy Ramey as the field narrows on The Voice Was an emotional exit for the No Doubt singer  'She is full of s***': Caitlyn Jenner cringes as biographer Buzz Bissinger denounces Kris Jenner on chat show Slamming her memoir Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side Emotional Scott Baio says he was victimized for being pro-Trump after comments about Erin Moran's death and claims liberals wanted to 'take him down' Suits you madam! Sofia Vergara flashes taut tummy in revealing white pullover as she leaves tailor shop Modern Family actress bared some skin  Nothing to wine about! Khloe Kardashian shows off long legs during boozy trip with mom Kris Jenner to Malibu winery Pair on the plonk Make-up free Katie Holmes wears mom jeans for a casual stroll with male pal in New York Let her skin breathe in the Big Apple  Relative of grandfather killed when Bachelor contestant hit his tractor DEFENDS the reality star - even after he 'fled the scene  Is facing felony charges  Girls gone REALLY wild! Kourtney Kardashian shares skinnydipping video and poses in a rainbow bikini on booze fueled trip They've had a crazy time  Judge dismisses Katherine Jackson's elder abuse lawsuit against her nephew Trent Lamar Jackson Matriach's lawyers chose not to proceed  Alexis Bledel stuns in a '90s-inspired halter dress for the LA premiere of The Handmaid's Tale The Gilmore Girls star looked sparkly  Ivanka Trump wears a glamorous white dress and statement earrings for gala dinner in Berlin alongside Angela Merkel - while crowds gather outside in protest  Taking a page out of Kim Kardashian's book? Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik shows off her derriere as she wears skimpy one piece in 'belfie' shot Golden girl! Margot Robbie DAZZLES in elegant Prada gown at Time Gala in New York after being named one of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People  Taking the plunge! Demi Lovato puts on a dazzling display in two cleavage-baring gowns at Time 100 Gala in New York Bared her chest  'He was sitting on the bed during our love scenes!': Laura Dern, 50, is nearly unrecognizable as she talks working with David Lynch on Wild At Heart The custard cream of the crop! Jessica Seinfeld stuns in yellow gown as she promotes cookery book in New York Jerry Seinfeld's wife Carrying his Notebook? Ryan Gosling grips rolled up booklet as he heads off after lunching in Los Angeles Looked casual on the outing  Busting out! RHONY star Bethenny Frankel goes braless in very revealing sheer blouse at charity event in New York  Put it all on show  A little risqué! Chrissy Teigen grabs the spotlight in shiny strapless gown with crotch-high slit at charity gala Model turned heads  Just sinful! Jessica Biel flashes flesh in asymmetrical dress at Tribeca Film Festival premiere of The Sinner Displayed her trim figure in New York Let's relax, baby! Pregnant world number one Serena Williams strips down to swimsuit for another day of beach bliss with fiance Alexis Ohanian It's ladies' night! Prince Andrew's ex Fergie is all smiles as she joins Beatrice and Eugenie for a catch up over a low-key dinner in London' Mayfair district Brie Larson reveals Emma Stone and Jennifer Lawrence 'saved my life' during difficult time in her career as she sizzles on cover of Vanity Fair Nina Dobrev goes topless beneath nude pantsuit for NRDC's Stand Up for the Planet benefit in LA She paired a pink blazer with a matching clutch  Monochrome Meryl: Streep struts her stuff in stripes at the 2017 PEN America Literary Gala at American Museum of Natural History Bad Mom, great daughter! Mila Kunis brings parents to tears after surprise renovation of modest childhood condo Lived there for 24 years Pictured: Neighbor and grandfather, 66, killed in crash with Bachelor star Chris Soules who then fled the scene and was arrested hours later with 'alcohol containers' 'Kash is going home': Kim Zolciak's son, four, is out of hospital after surgery for dog bite... as Bravo star praises hubby Kroy for quick response Star in stripes! Jennifer Garner wears banded top during stroll with son Samuel and daughters in Los Angeles Doting mother  Smitten Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik hold hands after he calls her 'my everything' in mushy message on her 22nd birthday Post-birthday blues  'Dreamy': Kendall Jenner wears swimsuit but hides her face in arty snap for her Instagram fans  Model showcased her figure, but not her face Lindsay Lohan teases clothing line as she models shiny swimsuit cover-up in vacation snap... but quickly deletes it Going from strength to strength! Cancer survivor Shannen Doherty looks fit and fab as she shops with husband Kurt Iswarienko Erin Moran's grieving husband reveals the Happy Days star died of  throat cancer on 25th anniversary of when they first met and how she spent her final days  Nancy Kerrigan reveals Tonya Harding never apologized for Olympic attack that nearly ended her career in remarkably candid interview 'Do I look like a dead fish!' Vin Diesel explodes in mock outrage on Ellen after Charlize Theron disses his kissing on Fate of the Furious Effortlessly chic! Teresa Palmer shows off impressive post-baby body as she bonds with four-month-old son Forest Sage in LA Gave birth 4 months ago Home sweet home! Drake thanks Airbnb for amazing Beverly Hills mansion... which normally costs a crisp $10k a night 'We're cool now!' Silicon Valley's Amanda Crew tweets about getting sext message and penis pic from complete stranger Was an 'accident' High end retail therapy! Dakota Johnson and a gal pal hit up Ralph Lauren on ritzy Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills shopping spree Well-deserved time off  An A-list babysitter! Khloe Kardashian takes care of Kourtney's kids while the mom-of-three cuts loose on boozy trip to Mexico Showing maternal side 'You did good at the end, baby!' Caitlyn Jenner gives John Leguizamo a high-five as she raves about his role of drag queen in cult classic film Sony Music 'cuts ties with Dr Luke' three years after Kesha accused music producer of giving her a date-rape drug and sexually assaulting her Roman Polanski's rape victim slams prosecutors who she says 'never protected' her and sides with him in his court battle to have case dismissed EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Welsh sexpot Catherine Zeta-Jones snubbed Michael Douglas when the pair had their first 'nightcap'   Still got it! Pamela Anderson, 49, displays her incredible physique in cut-out bra as she poses in steamy new photoshoot for erotic lingerie brand That's an explosive revelation! Shonda Rhimes reveals the ONE Grey's Anatomy character she regrets killing off - so can YOU guess who it is? Drink riding! Jason Momoa sips out of a Guinness coffee mug during a bike ride on the Gold Coast... and forgets his helmet for a SECOND time He's 'blind for love!' Justin Bieber is casual cool in Gucci slogan hoodie as he enjoys lunch in Beverly Hills Returned from a trip to Canada  'My normal day at work!': Ashley Graham puts on a sexy show as she twerks in lingerie during photoshoot in Montreal Crouching down in heels Putting her best foot forward! Elsa Pataky STUNS in floral maxi dress while attending shoe launch in Spain Wowed at a photo call in Madrid  Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries parades her curves as she frolics on the beach She wore a very revealing outfit on the sand in Miami  Looking fine in Florida! Lingerie model Doutzen Kroes slips into a black bikini during Miami beach vacation with her family Sexy mom-of-two Out of this world! Zoe Saldana leads the glamor in pinstriped suit as she joins dapper Chris Pratt for Guardians Of The Galaxy cast dinner in London Proud of her FOURTH boob job! Real Housewives Of New Jersey star Jacqueline Laurita shows off her chest after more surgery  In full bloom! Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her blossoming bump in scarlet floral frock as she makes a radiant arrival at French Sole bash Malia Obama 'superfan' who followed her to her internship and asked her to marry him will NOT face stalking and harassment charges Don't leave home without it! As Hailey Baldwin and Beyoncé don bathrobes in public, FEMAIL rounds up chic styles you won't want to keep under wraps Why won't ailing Sir Elton slow down? He's worth $359million, misses his sons desperately and has just been hit by a potentially deadly bug  Gardening the Gwyneth Paltrow way: Actress promotes £94 watering can, £97 apron and £686 diamond earrings for the green-fingered one in your life  Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows a hint of baby bump at dancewear launch as her ex bandmate Ashley Roberts turns out to support her Lonely Aaron Hernandez asked to share his cell with prison lover Kyle Kennedy - but the request was denied, says lawyer Natural beauty! Rose Byrne steps out makeup-free as she catches a flight at LAX... after revealing she once told Oprah Winfrey to 'shut the f**k up' The Rolling Stones land a double win at the British Jazz FM Awards... as Ronnie Wood, 69, puts on an affectionate display with wife Sally Humphreys May the 24th be with you! Star Wars Episode IX gets SUMMER release date... as John Boyega photobombs fans Previous flicks have had December premieres Check it! As Emily Ratajkowski and Olivia Palermo sport this season's hottest print, shop FEMAIL's edit of stylish gingham fashions now 'The greatest blessing I have is love': Salma Hayek, 50, shares wedding photo on eight-year anniversary with François after landing at LAX Going chest to chest! Kim Kardashian, 36, calls Kylie Jenner, 19, her 'little twin sissy' as she shares new behind-the-scenes snaps from KKW X KYLIE shoot Stylish with a cherry on top: Reese Witherspoon puts a fruity twist on fashion for casual day out The star, 41, looked chic in a playful top  It's over: Vanessa Hudgens' TV series Powerless is dropped by NBC due to low ratings Network has pulled the comedy with the final three episodes still to air Eric Trump breaks silence on Chelsea Handler's tweet mocking his unborn tot by expressing pity for Netflix host for taking aim at 'innocent' baby Kelly Osbourne reveals how she became 'scared' to abuse drugs again after spending three days in mental institution Her explosive tell-all Gardening the Gwyneth Paltrow way: Actress promotes $120 watering can, $125 apron and $880 diamond earrings for the green-fingered one in your life  'Only I can tell my story': Furious Madonna slams plan for unauthorized Blond Ambition biopic Fuming on Instagram about Universal film Back to the grind! Jennifer Lopez looks worn out on Shades Of Blue set after weeks of glamming it up for new love A-Rod Filming in Brooklyn Watch out, boys! Rachel Lindsay fiercely struts around in red hot dress for Bachelorette promo The 31-year-old looks stunning in new trailer      DON'T MISS Orlando Bloom cuts a dapper figure as he goes solo at the Unlocked premiere in London... days after his 'awkward' reunion with ex Katy Perry Marla Maples, 53, shows off gymnastics skills with an impressive FLIP at the gym - before 'embarrassing' daughter Tiffany Trump during a day out in New York   Gator Boys reality star captures and kisses an injured 8ft reptile on the snout after wrestling with it for nine minutes Came to rescue after it  had been hit by a car  A star is born! Cindy Crawford, Rande Gerber, and John Mayer join in the celebrations for Barbra Streisand's milestone 75th birthday in Malibu  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Take that, haters! Slim Kim Kardashian proudly parades her unairbrushed backside AGAIN in a thong bikini in Mexico Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams is linked to Minka Kelly one week after split from wife of five years Actor has two children with wife Aryn Drake-Lee  Fresh-faced Claire Danes shares a sweet kiss with husband Hugh Dancy on romantic stroll through Manhattan They're still so in love even after seven years 'Last bikini selfie!' Demi Lovato enjoys final day of tropical bliss before jetting back to New York Been on getaway with pal Marissa Callahan The REAL reason we never see Kate on a horse: Experts explain why the Duchess of Cambridge shuns the royal family's favorite hobby  Baby shower! Flipping Out's Jenni Pulos, 44,  is pretty in pink as she gathers with costar Jeff Lewis and friends before arrival of her second child EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's prison lover has been taken off suicide watch, as his lawyer says his client is 'saddened by the loss of his friend'  'We have a lot of things to work on - we're not the perfect couple': Bachelor Nick Viall admits there are 'challenges' with fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi Too many margaritas! Mother-of-three Kourtney Kardashian 'threw up in bed' and 'slept in it' on girls gone wild trip to Mexico with sister Kim 'When people call me a role model it puts the fear of God in me': Emma Watson reveals she worries about 'failing' as she talks to Jessica Chastain It's a far cry from a tiara! Queen Mathilde of Belgium slips into overalls and a blue hairnet as she visits a Nutella factory with husband King Philippe 'The whole family were stuck back in the '90s': Bindi Irwin and family had a stylist overhaul their khaki-covered wardrobes to refresh their public image Bananarama are back together 30 years after they split but whatever happened to other '80s stars - from Dexy's Midnight Runners to Thompson Twins? She's a blue-blooded beauty! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden is radiant in a floor-length navy ball gown as she attends an awards ceremony  Starting with a bang! Drake will be the inaugural host of NBA Awards in June Toronto-born rapper has been cheering on Raptors in playoffs Royal supermodel in the making! Lady Amelia Windsor stars as a Spanish senorita in a campaign for one of Kate's favorite designers 'They're safe': Heather Morris reveals DWTS partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy and fiancée Peta Murgatroyd had 'run-in' with intruder by home Mary McDonough reveals she began 'starving' herself and developed 'body image issues' after being told she was fat while starring in The Waltons Beach Bell-a! Supermodel Hadid teases as she unties her very skimpy bikini bottoms for sultry new ELLE photoshoot Today's headlines Most Read Delta throws a passenger off a plane because he used the bathroom during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in... 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking image of her dying son in hospital... Trump says he is NOT leaving NAFTA: President reverses his position in call with Mexico and Canada just... From cats to elephants (and humans), every mammal takes 12 seconds to poop, study finds Survivalist who murdered a state trooper is sentenced to death: Jury condemn gunman who shot and killed... Kentucky high school basketball player, 15, dies after collapsing in locker room after a workout with team... Energy drinks ARE more dangerous than other caffeine-laden options and raise blood pressure in just 2 hours Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even... Trump and top administration officials warn senators about the need to 'remove' the 'grave threat' posed by... Never-before-seen footage of China's nuclear missile submarines as Beijing flaunts its naval power in... North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with '5million nuclear bombs' carried by children  'If it flies, it dies': Top US commander vows any North Korean missile threat would be blown out of the sky... Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over breakup with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrifying... Top NFL prospect Gareon Conley, 21, is accused of rape on eve of the draft: Woman says former Ohio State... Man beats 86-year-old woman to death as she was walking round a high school track in a savage, random attack Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils... Trump suggests breaking up the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as he blasts 'egregious overreach' of San... Treasury secretary lets slip that Trump 'has no intention' of releasing his tax returns Manufacturer behind Ivanka Trump's clothing line pays workers just $1 an hour: Shocking report shows Chinese... Administration would abolish ‘complicated set of rules’ known as the ‘Alternative Minimum Tax’ – after the... 'A wonderful example of kindness and grace for us all': Ivanka Trump pays gushing birthday tribute to... There's 'no point' whining about Trump winning: Hillary-supporter Anna Wintour says she'd put Melania on the... Trump and birthday girl Melania are joined by educators from every state to honor the National Teacher of... John Legend says Trump is 'one of the worst people I've ever encountered' and it's fine that Obama is now... Republican right agrees to Obamacare repeal plan - raising possibility of fresh vote on healthcare Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump... Scandal's TV president says Hillary lacked authenticity: Clinton-loving actor Tony Goldwyn admits she could... Four out of 10 Americans think Trump's campaign intentionally tried to help Russia influence November's... MORE HEADLINES Kim prepares for war: North Korean leader takes the salute as his army fires rockets and torpedoes at mock enemy warships during country's 'largest ever' live-fire artillery drills 'I think I'm gonna hang it up, lol': Aaron Hernandez joked about suicide in note to lover weeks before he did it.  Lawyer for Kyle Kennedy reveals $50K watch was birthday gift, suicide note - to his client - was incoherent and their relationship was close Police dashcam video shows the horrifying moment a cop kills a biker by ramming his motorcycle during a high-speed chase Tax cuts for the middle class and an IRS return that fits on a single sheet of paper: White House unveils 'biggest tax cut in history' that kills the death and cuts corporate rate to 15% North Korea vows to wipe out US and South Korea with '5million nuclear bombs' carried by children  Fox News host and former O'Reilly sidekick Jesse Watters slammed for 'vile' joke about how Ivanka Trump holds a microphone - but he insists he was just likening her to 'smooth jazz' Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and cottage cheese for lunch recounted by her former assistant - who once walked in on the former first lady eating ice cream from the tub in the middle of the night 'He wasn't an addict. He made a mistake': Mother shares heartbreaking image of her dying son in hospital after he overdosed on fentanyl in a bid to stop the 'out of control' epidemic  Dummy diplomacy: North Korean weapons displayed during parade are FAKE and their sunglasses aren't even combat ready, US military expert says Police warn Blue Whale 'suicide' Facebook game linked to 130 teen deaths in Russia is heading to the UK The home that news built: NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt lists luxury Manhattan apartment for a cool $6.6million Cash me in court! Infamous 14-year-old Dr. Phil guest is flanked by her huge bodyguard and mother as she pleads not guilty to five felonies  Delta throws a passenger off a plane because he used the bathroom during a 30-minute delay on the tarmac in latest PR nightmare for US airlines Former hockey pro is sentenced to life in prison without parole after he is convicted of hiring a hitman to kill his wife  'I just ran into a guy in a tractor': 911 calls reveal Bachelor star Chris Soules checked his neighbor's pulse after fatal crash before 'fleeing' in another driver's car once the cops arrived Live in a purple palace: Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated in his trademark color goes up for sale for $13million Drugs, disco, dance and dazzle: 40 years after it first opened its doors - albeit briefly - Studio 54 retains its legendary place in pop culture (and New York City) history I'm a North Korean... Get me out of here! 'Super-hot' defectors are celebs in South Korea after poking fun at Kim Jong-un on reality TV show Federal authorities hold nuclear attack drills near Manhattan as North Korea shows off its military might Horrified mother shares disgusting online grooming messages sent by American paedophile to her 10-year-old daughter asking her to send him photos of her body From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Alabama man, 49, 'distraught over breakup with his girlfriend' shoots himself in the head in horrifying suicide streamed on Facebook Live Confused dog barks at the strange man in his garden... before he realises it's actually his owner who's lost 51lb after five weeks in hospital Teacher, 34, is found NOT GUILTY of 'seducing high school football star, 16, and having a threesome with him and a colleague' after judge said the student athlete was 'untrustworthy' U.S. Air Force launches unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California as a test amid rising tensions with North Korea Synthetic marijuana 'K2' found in Aaron Hernandez's body following autopsy after his shocking suicide   Johnny Depp slams former managers for blaming his $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on a cannon to shoot author Hunter Thompson's ashes over Aspen Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Port Arthur man indicted on murder charge for January shooting Evadale native jailed after infant tests positive for meth Dangerous marble in Orange Co. courthouse will soon undergo Jasper Police arrest two on drug charges US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Trooper ambush killer sentenced to death in Pennsylvania Dad reveals Hawaii site where he says he dumped dead son Suspected arsonist in custody after 2 fires in Trump Hotel What does the word 'witness' mean in an Arkansas execution? A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles 'So sad he's gone' — fans react to death of Jonathan Demme Review: The Whistles and the Bells' 2nd album is a winner Jeff Kinney marks 10th anniversary of 'Wimpy Kid' series Aretha blasts Dionne Warwick but she declines to fire back cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Phillips' new book details life, football lessons from Bum Lamar baseball holds off Texas Southern Lamar softball falls to No. 13 Baylor Lamar softball drops series finale to McNeese State Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 4-26-17 'Toon Time 4-24-17 'Toon Time 4-22-17 'Toon Time 4-21-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/article/H-E-B-Kroger-joining-Wal-Mart-in-curbside-pickup-11100027.php H-E-B, Kroger joining Wal-Mart in curbside pickup By David Thompson Published 8:59 am, Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Sean Gresch, e commerce regional merchant, loads groceries into a customer's car at the curbside grocery service at H-E-B, 9710 Katy Fwy., Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. ( Melissa Phillip / Houston Chronicle ) less Sean Gresch, e commerce regional merchant, loads groceries into a customer's car at the curbside grocery service at H-E-B, 9710 Katy Fwy., Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. ( Melissa Phillip / Houston ... more Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 2 of 4 The H-E-B on Dowlen Road will offer curbside pickup like the one at this Katy location by the end of summer, according to corporate officials. Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. ( Melissa Phillip / Houston Chronicle ) less The H-E-B on Dowlen Road will offer curbside pickup like the one at this Katy location by the end of summer, according to corporate officials. Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. ( Melissa Phillip / Houston ... more Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 3 of 4 A printout used by store selectors for curbside grocery service is shown at H-E-B, 9710 Katy Fwy., Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. The list includes the items and its location in the store. ( Melissa Phillip / Houston Chronicle ) less A printout used by store selectors for curbside grocery service is shown at H-E-B, 9710 Katy Fwy., Tuesday, June 21, 2016, in Houston. The list includes the items and its location in the store. ( Melissa ... more Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 4 of 4 An overall view of the store at the formal launch of ClickList at Kroger Marketplace in Baytown, TX on Wednesday, June 1, 2016. An overall view of the store at the formal launch of ClickList at Kroger Marketplace in Baytown, TX on Wednesday, June 1, 2016. Photo: Tim Warner, Freelance H-E-B, Kroger joining Wal-Mart in curbside pickup 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Jessica Benson sat in the comfort of her black minivan, her 2-year-old toddler happily kicking his feet in a car seat, as they waited for their groceries to arrive outside of the Wal-Mart on Dowlen Road. Benson, who is expecting her second child in the fall, watched as an employee loaded a week's worth of groceries into her trunk. "When you have a toddler, it's not fun running errands," Benson said. "I'm lucky because they don't charge for this service, but honestly, I would pay extra money if I had to. It's such a time saver." Wal-Mart is the first large brick-and-mortar store in Beaumont to cater to a growing online customer base that prefers the convenience of using a drive-thru over pushing a cart up and down produce and dairy aisles. Kroger and H-E-B both have plans to break into that market later this year. "Honestly, I see this as the future," Benson said. "I wish this was the way I could do all my shopping." Charles Haidusek, Wal-Mart's e-commerce manager, said the growth of online ordering and curbside pickup has grown exponentially over the last six months at the Beaumont store. "It has not overtaken foot traffic, but it's a growing part of the business," Haidusek said. "E-commerce in general has been growing and I believe it will eventually overtake retail." According to a recent New York Times article, between 2010 and 2014, e-commerce shopping grew by an average of $30 billion annually. Over the past three years, average annual growth has increased to $40 billion, the story said. "That is the tipping point, right there," Barbara Denham, a senior economist at Reis, a real estate data and analytics firm, told the New York Times. "It's like the Doppler effect. The change is coming at you so fast, it feels like it is accelerating." Top Stories Port Arthur man indicted on murder charge for January shooting Brawl suspect absent from court, judge lifts restraining order... ESPN to cut 100 jobs this week amid TV woes Update: I-10 near Rose City re-opens, reconstruction complete Follow Live: Retired officer testifies, 22 witnesses remain Jasper Police arrest two on drug charges Parts of Twin City Hwy will close tonight, Thursday Dangerous marble in courthouse will soon undergo repair Austin couple divorcing to include girlfriend Video: Can you help BPD identify this man? Local News Port Arthur man indicted on murder charge for January shooting Evadale native jailed after infant tests positive for meth Sections of Twin City Highway will close tonight, Thursday Dangerous marble in Orange Co. courthouse will soon undergo... Jasper Police arrest two on drug charges Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Retailer celebrates third anniversary of Walmart2Walmart with price cuts and new digital experience for domestic money transfers Despite already offering some of the industry's lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Despite already offering some of the industry's lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Walmart introduced its groundbreaking money transfer service, Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria, with the goal of bringing customers dramatically lower costs and a simpler money transfer experience. Customers have enjoyed nearly half a billion dollars in fee savings through using this service, putting more hard-earned money back into their pockets, since it launched in April 2014. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 26, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Three years ago this week, Walmart introduced its groundbreaking money transfer service, Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria, with the goal of bringing customers dramatically lower costs and a simpler money transfer experience. Since that time, Walmart’s customers have enjoyed nearly half a billion dollars in fee savings through using this service, putting more hard-earned money back into their pockets. Today, Walmart – together with Ria Money Transfer and American Express – announced further improvements to the service, with the ambition of helping customers save even more money, along with time. Lowest-Ever Prices on Domestic Transfers Despite already offering some of the industry’s lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. The new fees, available beginning today, allow customers to save 20 to 90 percent on cash transfers versus the leading competitor.(1) Walmart2Walmart offers transparent national pricing in all Walmart stores, as opposed to other leading competitors, who often vary prices location by location:(2)               Send   Leading National Competitor   Walmart2Walmart   Customers Save* $50   $5   $4   $1 $250   $12.50 or $24   $8   $4.50 or $16 $500   $12.50 or $40   $8   $4.50 or $32 $1,000   $12.50 or $86   $8   $4.50 or $78 $1,250   $25 or $111   $16   $9 or $95 $2,500   $50 or $176   $16   $34 or $160       *See www.walmartmoneytransfers.com for price comparisons Easy Mobile Money Transfers via Bluebird Also, beginning in May, Walmart and American Express will introduce the Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer Service,(3) which allows accountholders of Bluebird – a checking and debit alternative – to digitally send money for cash pickup at Walmart store locations. Accountholders can access the new service by visiting Bluebird.com or by using the Bluebird app on their smartphone.(4) Money receivers do not need a Bluebird Account; rather, they can simply pick up their funds at any Walmart store within minutes of the online transfer.(5) Pricing is consistent with the new Walmart2Walmart prices. “We are extremely proud of the significant savings our customers have enjoyed in the three years since Walmart2Walmart was introduced. For the millions of customers who rely upon transferring money to help family and friends – whether regularly or in times of urgent need – we know saving money on costly fees can make a big difference,” said Kirsty Ward, vice president, Walmart Services. “Now, with even lower fees for Walmart2Walmart, as well as the option to send money digitally with Bluebird, we continue to deliver on our mission to save customers’ money, as well as time.” Today’s announcement is the latest way Walmart is bringing a new kind of ease and convenience to wire services. Earlier this year, Walmart announced enhancements to the Walmart app to create a faster, easier and more convenient experience for money transfer customers. The new capabilities, which began rolling out to Walmart stores in March, enable app users to use a designated express lane in stores. Money transfer services are just one of many financial services offered at local Walmart MoneyCenters and Walmart Customer Service desks. Other services include check cashing, bill pay, money orders, tax preparation services and pre-paid card programs, as well as Walmart.com Pay with Cash. For more information, please visit: www.walmartmoneytransfers.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Ria Ria, a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc., dba Ria Financial Services, together with its global money transfer affiliates, compose the Money Transfer Segment of Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:EEFT), a global provider of electronic payment and transaction processing solutions. Ria offers fast, secure, affordable money transfers through a network of approximately 321,000 locations in 148 countries and online at www.riamoneytransfer.com. Ria is steadfast in its commitment to its customers and is a vital member of the communities in which they live. For more information, visit www.riafinancial.com and www.riamoneytransfer.com. About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, foursquare.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, twitter.com/americanexpress, and youtube.com/americanexpress (1) Savings based using Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria compared to Western Union’s offer of send in person for cash pickup at an agent location with service within minutes. Savings valid as of April 11, 2017 and may change. Check competitor’s website for current prices. (2) Price does not include state taxes. (3)The Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer service is provided by Ria (defined below) pursuant to Ria’s Terms and Conditions and Ria’s Privacy Policy and the Bluebird® by American Express Member Agreement. Pickup is available in all 50 United States and Puerto Rico. The daily money transfer limit is $2,500 across all of your Bluebird Accounts, and a per-transaction limit of $499.99 applies to money transfers picked up in Arizona. A fee of $4 for each money transfer up to $50, $8 for each money transfer of $50.01- $1,000, and $16 for each money transfer of $1,000.01-$2,500 applies. Other limits and terms and conditions apply. Visit bluebird.com/moneytransfer for complete details. Ria is the licensed money transfer operator for all Walmart2Walmart domestic money transfer transactions and Bluebird2Walmart money transfers. Walmart acts as the authorized agent of Ria. Ria is a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc. dba Ria Financial Services, licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York; licensed by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, NMLS ID 920968, LICENSE NUMBER 18943; and authorized independently or through its affiliate, Ria Financial Services Puerto Rico, Inc. OCIF LICENSE NUMBER TM-031, to operate as a Money Transmitter in all United States’ jurisdictions where it conducts business. Bluebird is issued by American Express Travel Related Services, Company, Inc., 200 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10285, licensed as a money transmitter by the New York Department of Financial Services and financial regulators in other states. Terms and conditions apply; certain fees, surcharges may apply; registration and identity verification required to access all Bluebird features and benefits. Visit bluebird.com for details. (4) Data rates may apply. (5) Subject to store hours and compliance with regulatory requirements. Contacts Walmart Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 1-800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter Release Summary Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Contacts Walmart Media Relations: Erin Hulliberger, 1-800-331-0085 news.walmart.com/reporter Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Three years ago this week, Walmart introduced its groundbreaking money transfer service, Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria, with the goal of bringing customers dramatically lower costs and a simpler money transfer experience. Since that time, Walmart’s customers have enjoyed nearly half a billion dollars in fee savings through using this service, putting more hard-earned money back into their pockets. Today, Walmart – together with Ria Money Transfer and American Express – announced further improvements to the service, with the ambition of helping customers save even more money, along with time. Lowest-Ever Prices on Domestic Transfers Despite already offering some of the industry’s lowest prices on money transfers, Walmart is slashing prices again on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. The new fees, available beginning today, allow customers to save 20 to 90 percent on cash transfers versus the leading competitor.(1) Walmart2Walmart offers transparent national pricing in all Walmart stores, as opposed to other leading competitors, who often vary prices location by location:(2)               Send   Leading National Competitor   Walmart2Walmart   Customers Save* $50   $5   $4   $1 $250   $12.50 or $24   $8   $4.50 or $16 $500   $12.50 or $40   $8   $4.50 or $32 $1,000   $12.50 or $86   $8   $4.50 or $78 $1,250   $25 or $111   $16   $9 or $95 $2,500   $50 or $176   $16   $34 or $160       *See www.walmartmoneytransfers.com for price comparisons Easy Mobile Money Transfers via Bluebird Also, beginning in May, Walmart and American Express will introduce the Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer Service,(3) which allows accountholders of Bluebird – a checking and debit alternative – to digitally send money for cash pickup at Walmart store locations. Accountholders can access the new service by visiting Bluebird.com or by using the Bluebird app on their smartphone.(4) Money receivers do not need a Bluebird Account; rather, they can simply pick up their funds at any Walmart store within minutes of the online transfer.(5) Pricing is consistent with the new Walmart2Walmart prices. “We are extremely proud of the significant savings our customers have enjoyed in the three years since Walmart2Walmart was introduced. For the millions of customers who rely upon transferring money to help family and friends – whether regularly or in times of urgent need – we know saving money on costly fees can make a big difference,” said Kirsty Ward, vice president, Walmart Services. “Now, with even lower fees for Walmart2Walmart, as well as the option to send money digitally with Bluebird, we continue to deliver on our mission to save customers’ money, as well as time.” Today’s announcement is the latest way Walmart is bringing a new kind of ease and convenience to wire services. Earlier this year, Walmart announced enhancements to the Walmart app to create a faster, easier and more convenient experience for money transfer customers. The new capabilities, which began rolling out to Walmart stores in March, enable app users to use a designated express lane in stores. Money transfer services are just one of many financial services offered at local Walmart MoneyCenters and Walmart Customer Service desks. Other services include check cashing, bill pay, money orders, tax preparation services and pre-paid card programs, as well as Walmart.com Pay with Cash. For more information, please visit: www.walmartmoneytransfers.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,593 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.4 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. About Ria Ria, a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc., dba Ria Financial Services, together with its global money transfer affiliates, compose the Money Transfer Segment of Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:EEFT), a global provider of electronic payment and transaction processing solutions. Ria offers fast, secure, affordable money transfers through a network of approximately 321,000 locations in 148 countries and online at www.riamoneytransfer.com. Ria is steadfast in its commitment to its customers and is a vital member of the communities in which they live. For more information, visit www.riafinancial.com and www.riamoneytransfer.com. About American Express American Express is a global services company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, foursquare.com/americanexpress, linkedin.com/company/american-express, twitter.com/americanexpress, and youtube.com/americanexpress (1) Savings based using Walmart2Walmart Powered by Ria compared to Western Union’s offer of send in person for cash pickup at an agent location with service within minutes. Savings valid as of April 11, 2017 and may change. Check competitor’s website for current prices. (2) Price does not include state taxes. (3)The Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer service is provided by Ria (defined below) pursuant to Ria’s Terms and Conditions and Ria’s Privacy Policy and the Bluebird® by American Express Member Agreement. Pickup is available in all 50 United States and Puerto Rico. The daily money transfer limit is $2,500 across all of your Bluebird Accounts, and a per-transaction limit of $499.99 applies to money transfers picked up in Arizona. A fee of $4 for each money transfer up to $50, $8 for each money transfer of $50.01- $1,000, and $16 for each money transfer of $1,000.01-$2,500 applies. Other limits and terms and conditions apply. Visit bluebird.com/moneytransfer for complete details. Ria is the licensed money transfer operator for all Walmart2Walmart domestic money transfer transactions and Bluebird2Walmart money transfers. Walmart acts as the authorized agent of Ria. Ria is a registered trademark of Continental Exchange Solutions, Inc. dba Ria Financial Services, licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Department of Financial Services of the State of New York; licensed by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, NMLS ID 920968, LICENSE NUMBER 18943; and authorized independently or through its affiliate, Ria Financial Services Puerto Rico, Inc. OCIF LICENSE NUMBER TM-031, to operate as a Money Transmitter in all United States’ jurisdictions where it conducts business. Bluebird is issued by American Express Travel Related Services, Company, Inc., 200 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10285, licensed as a money transmitter by the New York Department of Financial Services and financial regulators in other states. Terms and conditions apply; certain fees, surcharges may apply; registration and identity verification required to access all Bluebird features and benefits. Visit bluebird.com for details. (4) Data rates may apply. (5) Subject to store hours and compliance with regulatory requirements. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IGEL Adds Support for Industry-Leading VDI Protocols to IGEL IZ Series Zero Clients Next PostNext XetaWave Announces XetaPAK(TM), an Advanced Smart Battery Search Recent Posts MJ Freeway Reports Cannabis Retail Sales for April 20 „4/20” Holiday Exceeded $45M Duron Jones, with Youth Empowerment Society Consulting Interviewed on the Influential Entrepreneurs Show Osteoarthritis Treatment Market is Expected To Reach USD 5,895.5 Mn by 2022, Expanding At A CAGR of 1.95% From 2016 to 2022: Credence Research Retailers Respond to President Trump’s Tax Plan EveryCloud Changes the Mail Flow Monitor Market Forever by Launching Free Service Proudly powered by WordPress
Daily Journal DJournal Chickasaw Journal Monroe County Journal New Albany Gazette Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Southern Advocate Itawamba Times News Sports Business Living Opinion Weather Obituaries Bridal Blogs Biz Buzz Scene Now Education Matters Lee County Neighbors Capitol Blog Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports NeMiss Preps Sports Buzz Keep Running Real Estate NeMiss Jobs Classifieds Business Directory Advertise Subscribe eEdition Contact Us Directory Itawamba Times Itawamba County | Mississippi News Navigation Home About Us Contact Us Subscribe Advertise News Itawamba County Sports Business Living Bridal View Announcements Submit Announcement Opinion Obituaries View Latest Obituaries View Archived Obituaries Buy Photos eEdition Best of Itawamba 2016   Two charged with passing off ‘high quality’ counterfeit bills in Fulton By Adam Armour | 8:03 am | April 26, 2017 | Itawamba County, News Police in Fulton recently arrested two Tennessee men in connection with allgedly passing counterfeit bills at local businesses. During the arrest, police confiscated more than $1,000 in fake bills. (Photo courtesy of the Fulton Police Department) By ADAM ARMOUR News Coordinator Fulton police officers have arrested two people for allegedly passing off “high quality” counterfeit bills at local businesses. On April 11, police arrested Kevin B. Williams, 33, and Michael D. Goodwin, 28, both of Moscow, Tennessee, after they allegedly used a fake $100 bill to make a purchase at Fulton Walmart. Both suspects were charged with possession of counterfeit bank notes and received $20,000 bonds, set by Itawamba County Justice Court Judge John Bishop. As of Monday, Williams had bonded out of jail, but Goodwin had not. The suspects were detained after Walmart employees contacted police to report what they believed were potentially counterfeit bills. According to Capt. Brad Rogers of the Fulton Police Department, the store’s management had been contacted by another area store to be on the lookout for men matching Williams’ and Goodwin’s descriptions. The suspects were detained while still inside the store. A search of their persons allegedly uncovered 11 counterfeit $100 bills, in addition to the one used to make the purchase at the store. Police claim a subsequent search of the suspects’ vehicle uncovered approximately $1,000 in genuine cash. The suspects were allegedly using the fake bills to make small purchases at businesses – $5 to $10 – and pocketing the change. In addition to the local Walmart, the suspects have been accused of passing off a counterfeit bill at the Fulton Cato. Although local police say they frequently encounter fake bills, according to Rogers, the exceptional quality of these counterfeits makes them unique. “Most of the bills we see are very low quality, printed at home,” Rogers said. “These actually have a sort of watermark on them and a version of the security strip … They’re very high-quality.” These particular bills would also be able to pass a check with counterfeit detector pens, Rogers said. He added that investigators are, currently, unable to say whether or not the suspects created the bills themselves. Determining whether or not a person is guilty of knowingly passing off counterfeit bills can be tricky. According to Rogers, the fact the suspects were in possession of so many bills, and seemed to be basically trading them for cash, strongly suggested they knew the bills were no good. Rogers said police have been in contact with federal law enforcement officials regarding the counterfeit bills, which they believe may have been used in businesses across state lines, so the suspects may also face federal charges. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) About Adam Armour Adam Armour has been writing and taking photographs for "The Itawamba County Times" since 2005. His words and pictures have earned 18 Mississippi Press Association Awards, including several "Best of" category recognitions. He has written and independently published one novel and is currently working on a second. View all posts by Adam Armour → Counterfeit, crime, fulton Countywide cleanup nets 4.5 tons of trash Fulton pays Three Rivers for work on gas line expansion Search Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Archives Archives Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 October 2011 August 2011 Popular Latest Comments Tags Question of the Week – April 26 April 26, 2017 Countywide cleanup nets 4.5 tons of trash April 26, 2017 Two charged with passing off ‘high quality’ counterfeit bills in Fulton April 26, 2017 Fulton pays Three Rivers for work on gas line expansion April 26, 2017 Bicentennial celebration kicks off this weekend April 26, 2017 Voters hit the polls in Fulton, Tuesday April 26, 2017 Bluegrass, Blues & BBQ Fest returns this weekend April 26, 2017 Bicentennial celebration kicks off this weekend April 26, 2017 Fulton pays Three Rivers for work on gas line expansion April 26, 2017 Two charged with passing off ‘high quality’ counterfeit bills in Fulton April 26, 2017 Gordie Macivor: I salute the hardwork and dedication that is going... Fatimah Hafer: Great Article. writing ! I was fascinated by the ... Becky Threlkeld: I think this is a beautiful idea! What a precious ... Joshua Ballard: OMG I love it. Why did you get called fake? You re... Perry Newton: I'm glad to see it happen! Would like to play mus... Ally McDonald Arrests baseball Basketball Board of Supervisors budget Burglary column crime Eagles Election feature featured football fulton Fulton Board of Aldermen Golf IAHS IAHS Baseball IAHS Basketball IAHS Football ICC ICDC Indians Itawamba County School District Itawamba County Sheriff's Department Lady Eagles Lady Indians Lady Mustangs Mantachie Mantachie Baseball Mantachie Basketball Mantachie Board of Aldermen Mantachie Football Miranda Mustangs Playoffs Question Question of the Week scores Softball Sports News Sports news and scores Tremont Tremont Basketball COMMUNITIES Daily Journal Pontotoc Progress Chickasaw Journal Southern Advocate Call us (662) 862-3141 MORE SPORTS NeMissPreps Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Homes For Sale/Rent FOLLOW US Facebook Email Contact Us Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (26) March 2017  (58) February 2017  (36) January 2017  (43) December 2016  (43) November 2016  (53) October 2016  (49) September 2016  (51) August 2016  (54) July 2016  (43) June 2016  (44) May 2016  (41) April 2016  (40) March 2016  (64) February 2016  (41) January 2016  (44) December 2015  (42) November 2015  (41) October 2015  (52) September 2015  (47) August 2015  (51) July 2015  (50) June 2015  (45) May 2015  (45) April 2015  (63) March 2015  (48) February 2015  (42) January 2015  (38) December 2014  (35) November 2014  (43) October 2014  (68) September 2014  (54) August 2014  (53) July 2014  (64) June 2014  (44) May 2014  (58) April 2014  (61) March 2014  (50) February 2014  (54) January 2014  (57) December 2013  (48) November 2013  (47) October 2013  (64) September 2013  (60) August 2013  (50) July 2013  (55) June 2013  (50) May 2013  (70) April 2013  (61) March 2013  (62) February 2013  (59) January 2013  (64) December 2012  (60) November 2012  (24) October 2012  (4) September 2012  (1) August 2012  (1) October 2011  (1) August 2011  (1) © 2017 Itawamba Times. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science People Advice Follow Get our newsletter Grist on Facebook Follow on Twitter About Grist Contact More The Team Donate Fellowships Jobs at Grist Privacy Policy Terms of Use Briefly Grist 50 Video Sections Newsletters Donate More News Climate & Energy Justice Cities Politics Food Living Business & Tech Science Video People Advice Grist 50 Get Grist in your inbox Briefly Daily Weekly Shift Happens Privacy Policy About Grist Contact Staff & Board Funders Jobs Fellowships FAQ Advertise Sponsorship policy Testimonials Grist on your site Donation FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Briefly Stuff that matters Green light special Wil C. Fry Walmart just pledged to eliminate a billion tons of greenhouse gas. That’s as much as Germany’s yearly emissions. It’s hardly the first example of a business charging ahead on climate change mitigation while governments dither. Pretty much every giant corporation has made a commitment to reduce its emissions: food titan Unilever, everything maker General Electric, and IKEA (where you get your OMLOPPs), and on and on. But what Walmart does matters. The company is such a behemoth that its policy changes trigger transformation around the globe. Walmart is the 10th largest economic entity in the world, after Canada, so this effort, dubbed “Project Gigaton,” is akin to every Canadian signing on to a strict sustainability plan. Most of Walmart’s environmental footprint comes from other businesses extracting raw materials to manufacture Walmart’s products. So it will be pushing its suppliers to clean up their act, aiming to slash a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions from its supply chain. The Environmental Defense Fund has been working with Walmart to cut its emissions for years, and so there’s a track record here. In 2010, Walmart pledged to cut 28 million metric tons (like removing 6 million cars from the road), then surpassed that goal in five years. Now, they’re aiming to meet a goal 35 times larger, by 2030. Nathanael Johnson Apr 20, 2017 Support coverage of a future that doesn't suck DONATE You Missed Something Shutterstock Trump’s newest funding cuts are a nightmare for national security and public health. On that note: In the event of a flood, do you prefer your town with or without toilet water flowing down the streets? President Trump’s proposed cuts, issued on March 16, would roll back or eliminate programs that deal with environmental security concerns, the Intercept reports. These concerns include pandemics, extreme weather, and, yes, floods of sewage. In March, Trump signed an executive order signaling that national security agencies no longer need to take climate change into consideration. One minor problem: Virtually every major federal security document ever compiled on climate change names it as a significant threat to national safety. Both within the U.S. and around the world, we can expect rising seas, extreme weather, dramatic flooding, intense wildfires, and prolonged drought to increase migration, conflict, and health risks. Trump has attempted to cultivate a tough reputation on national security with proposed increases in military spending, vague threats against North Korea, or yelling about That Wall all the time. But it looks like he’s ignoring a pretty enormous weak spot. Kate Yoder 7 hours ago War on Facts Shutterstock This is embarrassing, but there might be some climate denial in your school. New legislative measures in six states seek to challenge science in the very place where it should be the most protected and least politicized: children’s classrooms. As Vice reports, Oklahoma, Texas, Florida, Alabama, Idaho, and Indiana have all put forward bills that seek to discredit basic concepts like climate change and evolution in school curricula. The measures include bills requiring teachers to describe established climate science as “controversial” and giving locals the right to object to textbooks they disagree with. These pieces of legislation indicate a shift from the longstanding “creationism deserves a place in the classroom” debate toward climate denial. This is a pretty chilling follow-up to the news that the Heartland Institute mailed its climate-denial propaganda to thousands of science teachers across the country. If you were wondering why so many people were out March(ing) for Science — in the pouring rain, no less — last weekend, you may have your answer. Grist staff 10 hours ago Grist 50 Alex Beel Meet the fixer: This teenager gives the youngest generation a voice. Growing up in the era of smartphones and social media, today’s kids have the world on a handheld screen. Yet they don’t often engage on environmental issues. Why? “We’ve never been told our opinions matter,” says Xiuhtezcatl Martinez (his first name is pronounced Shoe-tez-caht). The refrain he hears from grown-ups: “‘These issues should be left for adults.’” Martinez, who is half-Aztec, helps organize unified actions like protests and tree plantings for Earth Guardians, a nonprofit that encourages youngsters to stand up for the planet. Martinez rallied youth for the 2014 climate march in New York City and the Native Nations Rise march on Washington this March. At just 16, Martinez has addressed the United Nations five times and is one of the 21 kids suing the federal government over climate inaction. He has also talked climate on HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher and in Teen Vogue, among other media outlets. Makes you wonder what the hell you were doing when you were in high school, huh? By the time he’s 26, Martinez would like to see a much better world. Ten years isn’t much time, though. This generation has to take action fast. “We’re not just the future,” he says. “We’re also here right now.” Meet all the fixers on this year’s Grist 50. Grist staff 21 hours ago well, that escalanted quickly Grist / REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst Trump’s latest executive order will review Bears Ears and other national monuments. The order, which Trump signed Wednesday, directs the Interior Department to review all national monument designations over 100,000 acres made from 1996 onwards. That includes between 24 and 40 monuments — notably, Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante in Utah, and Mojave Trails in California. During the review, the Interior Department can suggest that monuments be resized, revoked, or left alone, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said at a briefing on Tuesday. We can expect a final report this summer that will tell us which monument designations, if any, will be changed. Environmental groups are already voicing opposition. If designations are removed, it could make it easier to eliminate protections and open land to special interests like fossil fuels. Zinke, a self-proclaimed conservationist, said, “We can protect areas of cultural and economic importance and even use federal lands for economic development when appropriate — just as Teddy Roosevelt envisioned.” In between further adulations of his hero, Zinke said that he would undertake the “enormous responsibility” with care. “No one loves our public lands more than I,” he said. “You can love them as much — but you can’t love them more than I do.” Emma Foehringer Merchant 1 day ago Sashay Away REUTERS/Rick Wilking Coal is giving us blatant hints that it’s on the way out. And for a government that adores market forces so much, it doesn’t seem to be heeding them very well. Consider the following: 1. In 2016, there were over twice as many American jobs in solar energy production as in coal (373,807 vs. 160,119), the New York Times reported. Note that the coal industry continues to be a relatively large employer in Wyoming, West Virginia, and to a lesser extent North Dakota and Kentucky. 2. But here’s a surprise from Chris Beam, the new president of Appalachian Power — an energy company based in Charleston, West Virginia. “[Gov. Jim Justice] asked me, ‘I’d like you to burn more coal,’” Beam told the Charleston Gazette-Mail. “Well … We’re not going to build any more coal plants. That’s not going to happen.” Why? Corporations like Amazon and Google that might look to expand energy sourcing to Appalachia have greener preferences. (Beam isn’t the first energy CEO in the region to show interest in renewables.) 3. The EPA just held a session to invite public opinion on which clean air regulations should be cut — ever-conveniently during a Monday morning. The loudest respondents? Fossil fuel lobbyists. Can we stop trying to make coal happen? Grist staff 1 day ago Imperfect storms Reuters/Eduardo Munoz That ridiculous heatwave really was caused by climate change. Which one? Pick any heat wave, according to a new study, and there’s a greater than 80 percent chance that climate change was behind it. If you have ever been reprimanded by some insufferable pedant (maybe me) for blaming the record-breaking heat on climate change, prepare to receive some validation. The paper, published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, suggests you were likely right. Lead author Noah Diffenbaugh and a team of researchers found that human-caused global warming has nudged up the thermostat on the hottest day, and hottest month, across more than 80 percent of the Earth. They also found we’ve also turned up the volume on the weather, increasing the likelihood of a record dry year in 57 percent of places observed. Last year, the National Academies published a fat report on attributing extreme weather events to climate change. The report said that, although science can’t deliver an absolute verdict about what caused a specific heatwave or hurricane, it can tell us how much climate change boosted the likelihood or intensity of that event. In other words, science deals in probabilities, not absolute certainties. But as the science improves, with papers like this latest one, those probabilities get higher and higher. Nathanael Johnson 1 day ago Congratulations! You’re all caught up. As it turns out, you can apply all kinds of Carrie Bradshaw-approved relationship advice to getting to know your local elected officials! (Check out our 21-Day Apathy Detox for more.)   Get Briefly in your inbox Privacy Policy View more news briefs Sections Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science More About The Team Contact Donate Fellowships Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed A Beacon in the Smog® © 1999-2017 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress.com VIP. Opt me out of this fund drive × Journalism is under attack Support Grist ×
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pitching a Motley Fool TV Show to Hollywood If there were a Mount Rushmore of Motley Fool stories, this one would be on it. In this episode of Rule Breaker Investing , David Gardner recalls his experience in the late 1990s meeting Hollywood director and producer Sam Raimi, who flew the Gardner brothers out to the West Coast to see if they could make the leap from internet investing gurus to TV stars. Though their Hollywood stint proved to be short-lived, David’s reflections on their Foolish thinking at the time was key to how things would play out for the Fool, and there are lessons for you, too. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. This podcast was recorded on April 12, 2017 David Gardner: Welcome back to Rule Breaker Investing . Great to have you with me this week. Last week it was „Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue.” I hope you listened. Maybe remembered one or two of those. I think I can at least remember one of my points from last week. This week’s going to be simpler, because I’m just going to tell pretty much one story, and I’m going to make a few points about it at the end. It is, if there were a Mount Rushmore, (which there isn’t), of Motley Fool stories, this would be on my Mount Rushmore, anyway. This is probably one of my top five favorite Fool stories of all time; therefore, it is a pleasure to bring it to you this week. In fact, I’ll be reading. It will be a dramatic reading. A presentation. Something I do a little bit on this podcast. Most of the things I say from week to week I haven’t taken the time to write out, but whenever I have, it means that I’m going for something extra special. I’m actually choosing my words, so let’s see how it works this week. And it starts like this: „Guys, I want you to come to California. We should meet. I think there’s a TV show here.” So it was the late 1990s. The Motley Fool was maturing into a media company. Tom and I had about a quarter of the audience we have today, but we were doing lots of media back then. Back when we thought media exposure equaled business success and a Motley Fool TV show; well, that would follow naturally from our radio show, our syndicated newspaper column, and the best-selling books that we were already doing. „But, Dave, this guy’s shows are like Xena: Warrior Princess. Stuff like that,” Tom said. „Does this make sense?” I’m not sure whether it did or not. We decided — what the heck? — to accept the invitation to visit Universal Studios in Los Angeles, meet with our host to plan the show, and then meet with a Universal producer the day after that to pitch the concept. When we met our host — our champion — his name was Sam. We liked him instinctively. We had driven straight from the airport to meet him at his rigged-out trailer on some generic-looking Hollywood film lot. Here he was. A five o’clock shadow. Very casually dressed. Shades tipped down over his nose surrounded by a small and likable team of young, creative types. He may not have been the biggest name in the business, but they thought a lot of him. „Sam’s a genius. Good to meet you guys,” said his assistant. „The Motley Fool’s perfect for TV,” Sam began. „I’m a big fan of you guys. You guys are like superheroes. The villain is Wall Street. You guys are going to vanquish them. The show can be great. Let me play you some theme music we’re working up.” He played it. It sounded, well, heroic; particularly to a couple of internet entrepreneurs who, in their early 30s, had started all this as a newsletter for their parents’ friends. Now we were going to be superheroes! With theme music! „So what’s the show going to be like?” we asked. „Oh, it depends what the markets are looking for. I have my ideas,” he said. And laid out a few more of them. „Universal will have its own, too.” He then showed us some clips of Xena. Or maybe it was his new Hercules show, also then airing on UPN. On the one hand, these didn’t seem to be hit shows. They didn’t exactly instill confidence in us. On the other hand, Sam had two shows running on a TV network. He was a player. „The thing is,” Sam said, „if we go for this, you guys know you only have one shot. If you try and fail on network TV, they’ll never give you another chance.” At lunch the next day, the Universal exec threw us a curveball after the appetizer plates hit. The exec — call him Ken, svelte and debonair, occasionally waving to other tables at the chic spot where we were dining — pushed his California-blonde hair behind his ear and gave us the lowdown. „The only way Universal would do a show like this is for 10% of what you guys do.” By „you guys” he meant Tom and me. He wanted 10% of all future Motley Fool everything . So Sam had just laid out how for 30 minutes, in Friday prime time every week, our show would educate, amuse, and enrich millions of viewers with its cheeky market rap and cartoon humor sketches. Ken, a grizzled realist, was willing to take this seriously if only because Sam did. And 10% was what Ken came back with. We were young and impressionable. This was TV. I mean, Hercules! Xena! And The Motley Fool! But even back then, 10% was too round a number. Well, Sam talked gamely through the lunch, but along with us looked increasingly crestfallen. By the time our host called the check, we walked out leaving things open-ended. „Good luck, you guys.” I expect that’s the way all such lunches end, really, whatever happens afterward. Well, back at Sam’s trailer we all realized that our two days together would come to naught. We had enjoyed meeting Sam and his crew, but it would be more Xena and Hercules for him, and back to the internet for us. That was 1998. The next few years for the Fool were tremendous. Then came 2001, when the market crashed and almost brought down our company with it. After a super rebound today we couldn’t be happier, looking backward, that we didn’t give Universal its 10%. But the best story, of all, is Sam’s. Sam went on to make a real superhero show a few years later. A movie, actually. It was called Spider-Man . And director Sam Raimi’s love of superheroes and villains culminated in an amazing film trilogy, the combined cost $600 million to make and grossed $2.5 billion worldwide. And that’s where our story ends. I have three lessons that I want to highlight for investors and entrepreneurs. All right, three reflections. Maybe they’re lessons. Maybe they’re just reflections. Here’s the first one, thinking back on that story about 20 years later. One thing that I like that happened there — and I hope I made it clear — I’m really glad that Tom and I didn’t give away 10% of everything that The Motley Fool is doing in order to try a television show pilot on probably UPN. I’m really glad we didn’t do that, and I think the reason we didn’t do it, ultimately, is that we were playing the long game, and that is reflection number one. Playing the long game is going to serve you so well, not just in life or, in this context in business; but, of course as an investor. In fact, as I look over our Motley Fool Stock Advisor scorecard (the service launched in March of 2002), I have nine 25-plus baggers since that service opened in March of 2002. And here’s the key to them: every single one of them remains an open position. Every one of those 25-plus baggers remains an active recommendation. A company that we like probably even more today than when we first bought it. Of course, that’s partly because we’ve gotten to know it over time and they’ve done so well for us. But companies like Priceline  and Netflix  and Amazon. Companies I’ve talked a lot about and will always talk a lot about in Rule Breaker Investing are those kinds of companies and we were playing the long game. Most of those picks were made more than 10 years ago. After all, if you’re going to roll up and make a 60-bagger, it usually takes a while. But the good news is if the stock doubles again, all of a sudden a stock that was up 60x goes up to 120x. And that’s what I’ve seen over the course of my life, and it’s not just something that Stock Advisor members have seen. At least in my own case, I’ve seen it from my parents and how they invested. And this is the story of playing the long game. Reflection number one — play the long game as an investor, as a professional, and in life. And before I cruise on to reflection number two, I think I have to briefly remember another moment where we were playing the long game as young entrepreneurs. Scott Cook — the founder of Intuit , a very brilliant businessman, a very good guy — was once in Fool HQ back in the day trying to purchase The Motley Fool. He wanted to take a stake in our company. And in a classically bad line from yours truly (one that my brother Tom will, from time to time mock me for, and I’m happy to be mocked for it again and again over the years), I said to Scott, „You know, Scott? First of all, we admire you greatly and Intuit is an amazing company. I’ve used the tool,” I said to him, „myself, tracking my finances and investing for years. I love what you do. And yet, Scott,” I said, „I actually think maybe it should be us buying you.” And at the time I was not trying to be arrogant. I know I was cocksure. But it was a time where the possibilities of the internet early on — it looked as if our company, The Motley Fool, having gotten such an early start and great head-start advantage over the rest of the industry — most of which financial companies weren’t even looking at the online medium. They didn’t even believe in it. We started to think, „You know, we can probably almost reorganize the world of finance if we do this right,” which I guess we didn’t, „through The Motley Fool as a vehicle.” So Intuit, I was explaining to him, having a great software program like that, would be a tool that would be one of the things that we would sell. Offer our members over the course of time. But that would just be part of what we do. And as history will now show, Intuit has gotten quite a bit bigger in the 20 or so years that Scott pitched us. And we’ve gotten a little bit bigger, but I’m pretty sure I deserve to be mocked roundly for that line and I’m happy to have that so. OK, reflection number two. This is a pretty simple one. That was a lot of fun. That story, telling that story, sharing that with you this week is a lot of fun for me. Being there, that day, was a lot of fun. In fact, we got there a day early and they’d given us free tickets around the Universal theme park that was around Universal Studios in Los Angeles, so we just kind of hung out on a roller coaster. And even though it didn’t all play out, we had a lot of fun. And part of it is that we did it as brothers. And I think that’s something … if you’re an entrepreneur, or you’ve ever started something with a sibling, you know what I mean. It can be hard, sometimes, but for the most part it’s a wonderful experience. And when I think of the people that are having fun out there, I think, for example, of the brand Life is Good, if you know those t-shirts, those hats. Accoutrements. That comes from two other brothers. That’s Bert and John Jacobs whom we’ve gotten to know a little bit over the years. They are having fun and they’re creating fun every day for their customers. Fun is probably always underrated. And I mean this, again, as a businessperson. I think you should be trying to have fun with the culture in your workplace. You should be trying to create fun for your customers. And I think as an investor you’re going to be well-rewarded for finding companies that do just that. Life is good. Have fun. And my final one, reflection number three. I was thinking about some of the people that I’ve gotten to know and know over the course of my life, now, at the age of 50, and I was thinking about Sam Raimi as an example who I’ve never seen since. Sam, I hope you’re listening. I hope you enjoyed our story, again. But a great addendum to our Sam Raimi story is what happened on the Motley Fool Stock Advisor scorecard because, if you’re a member of our service, you can go in and see, if you look at my June 2002 pick, you’ll see it is Disney . Picked on my side of the scorecard in the month of June 2002. But if you actually double-click down, you’ll see that it was actually Marvel Entertainment that I picked. It was not Disney. Disney bought out Marvel subsequently, and we’ve just kept that investment and rerec’d it multiple times in place ever since. So now you actually know the full story of my thinking at the time; because Marvel, at the time, was an underperforming old media play perceived to be a comic book company and that wasn’t a great business. And it was pinning its hopes, at the time, on converting its content to film. And our friend, Sam Raimi, was at the helm and that investment, today, is a 59-bagger. But I think about visionaries. I think about the dreamers out there. Sam Raimi is obviously one of them. He led me to Disney. I did get to meet, a few times, Reed Hastings, and that was a reason that I ended up recommending Netflix in 2004. And then Elon Musk, as I mentioned last week, came to our Motley Fool offices to speak to our employees in 2011, and shortly after that I recommended that stock. And if you think reflection number three is about you need to know the right people in business, please understand I don’t know, personally, any of the people that I’ve just mentioned to you. But, what I think is true of these encounters and these interactions is that I was attracted to each of these people. Connected with them in some cases. And it’s because they were visionaries, and this is reflection number three. Look for visionaries. Love your visionaries. The dreamers out there. You know, probably my favorite college basketball player, for obvious reasons if you follow the sport, is the point guard of the North Carolina Tar Heels National Championship winning team, thanks to last week’s victory, Joel Berry. Joel’s not a big tattoo guy. He is playing the sport where some people have a lot of tattoos all over them. But they said, „Joel, you got a tattoo.” He’s like, „I’m not a tattoo guy. This is the only one I have.” I believe it’s his right bicep, and it’s just the word „believe.” And he said he looks down at that and he’s reminded, every day, to believe. And I think that’s what we do when we succeed as investors and businesspeople. We believe. In some cases we need to believe in ourselves, but in other cases we need to find the visionaries and believe the vision that they have, whether it’s „you know, we can make a good superhero movie out of a comic book,” or „people will ultimately be streaming content over the internet instead of their cable TV,” or „darn it, electric cars will succeed.” So look for visionaries. If you are a visionary, congratulations. Look for the dreamers and believe. It puts me in mind of a lyric of the movie that I was hoping would win best picture this year — I think a lot of people expected it to — La La Land . But my favorite song in La La Land , which is entitled „Audition,” and the parenthetical subtitle is „The Fools Who Dream.” Maybe you saw this movie. Maybe you remember Emma Stone singing these lines: „Here’s to the ones who dream, foolish as they may seem. Here’s to the hearts that break.” See you next week. Fool on! As always, people on this program may have interest in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don’t buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Learn more about Rule Breaker Investing at RBI.Fool.com. David Gardner owns shares of Amazon, Netflix, Priceline Group, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Intuit, Netflix, Priceline Group, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Scaffolding Platform Market – Segment by Application and Geography Trends and Forecasts 2021 Next PostNext New Report of Monoclone Antibody Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Essential Tips to Being More Productive In this episode of Motley Fool Answers , Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner to the show as the trio share their secrets to productivity. One of their favorite „gurus” on the subject is David Allen, author of the popular book Getting Things Done , but David has his own approach to clearing a to-do list. And reaching into the mailbag, the team responds to a Foolish listener in Japan who has concerns about a single stock position that has grown into an outsized portion of his portfolio. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as ofDecember 12 , 2016 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. This podcast was recorded on January 24, 2017. Alison Southwick: This is Motley Fool Answers . I’m Alison Southwick and I’m joined, as always, by Robert Brokamp, personal finance expert here at The Motley Fool. He’s also the advisor on Motley Fool’s Rule Your Retirement newsletter and also [part of a new service] coming soon. Robert Brokamp: Oh, yeah. You’ll just have to wait on that one. Southwick: Just going to tease that one a little bit. We also have a very, very special guest today. It’s David Gardner. He’s the co-founder and chief rule breaker of The Motley Fool! David Gardner: I am excited to be back on Answers. Southwick: We love having you. Gardner: There’s one or two reasons a year that I’ll make it on and I’m really excited about our reason today. So thank you. Yeah! Southwick: I think it’s going to be great. Gardner: Yeah, I’m totally psyched. Southwick: I am, too, because today you’re going to talk about productivity and the tools that you use to focus on what matters to stay on task. I’ve written down on my notes that you’re a productive juggernaut? I don’t know. Is that fair? Gardner: I will absolutely accept that. Guilty as charged. Brokamp: I will second it. Gardner: That’s the best compliment that I’ve received in the last 10 years, and that includes things that my family would have said about me. Southwick: Yeah. I don’t know. I don’t even know … Gardner: That’s awesome. Southwick: … if that’s a thing, but I’m saying it. Brokamp: It is now. Gardner: That’s great. Southwick: So productive juggernaut, David Gardner. Also he founded a little company called The Motley Fool. Maybe you’ve heard of it. We’ll also answer your question about how much of your portfolio should be in one stock and we’re going to, of course, close out „There’s an App for That” with reviews for a few productivity apps. All that and more on this week’s episode of Motley Fool Answers . Southwick: It’s time for Answers, Answers and today it comes from Tony in Japan. Brokamp: Hi, Tony. Southwick: People in Japan listen to this show. It’s so cool. Konnichiwa! Uh, also you should know how to say „good morning” in … oh, oh, ohayo gozaimasu. I think that’s how you say „good morning.” Brokamp: I’ll take your word for it. Gardner: You are a language juggernaut. Southwick: Thanks! Thank you! Beer is also biru. So if that’s fun, remember that one. That one’s important. All right, whatever. Let me move on. Let’s get to Tony. Are you still there, Tony? All right. Tony writes: „I hit a home run by buying Amazon back in 2001. I sold a bunch of shares over the years as it continued to rise, but still have a fair number left. I’m reluctant to sell more as I believe the future is still bright, but as a single holding, it’s now about 10% of my total individual stock portfolio and 3% of my net worth. Do you normally hang on to big winners even when they become a larger position than you intended?” Brokamp: Well, Tony, your email reminded me of a conversation I had with a member a few years ago because not only did he also live in Japan, but he had more than 50% of his portfolio in Amazon stock because he actually worked for Amazon. Southwick: Oh, wow, yeah. Brokamp: So I gave the typical financial planner speech about how you shouldn’t have too much [of one stock] in your portfolio, and to remember what happened to people at Enron and WorldCom. And he said, „Yeah, I know about that, because I did this with my previous employer. Had more than 50% of my stock. Lost everything.” And here he was doing it again. So I totally understand how it’s very difficult to let go… Gardner: Investors who love too much… Southwick: Aw! Brokamp: Exactly. Exactly. So I understand how that’s difficult. If you look at standard financial planning advice, people will tell you, you should limit the amount you have in one stock to about 5% to 10% of your portfolio. So Tony, you’re kind of pushing that. There are different factors to consider. First of all, if you work for the company, I would pare it back even more because then you have your investment capital and your human capital all in the same company. It also depends on what the rest of your portfolio looks like. If the other 90% of your portfolio are companies similar to Amazon, then you’re not very diversified. If it’s very different, then maybe you can have a more concentrated holding in one stock. Now, how much you should have in one stock, as well as how many stocks you should own, is one of those things that among Motley Fool investors is kind of debatable. We all have very different opinions, so I’m going to turn to David Gardner for his opinion, because it might be a little different and he is someone who has done this Amazon journey as well as someone who’s owned the stock since 1997. Gardner: And I, at different points over the course of my 30 years of investing (which is a lot, but not nearly as many as many others who are listening to us right now) [am] always conscious that there’s a lot more to learn for each of us, even at the age of 50, whatever we are (Robert and not Alison). The way that I’ve actually lived my life, I’ve been comfortable with 10%+ positions, but I know myself pretty well and I also know that a lot of my own net worth is tied up in the Motley Fool. So that’s enabled me to allow my stock market positions to grow outsized, and it’s happened not just from Amazon. Back in the 1990s, it was AOL . It became more than 50% at one point of my portfolio. That’s what happens if a stock is up 200x in value on six years … Southwick: Ugh! Gardner:  … and you let it go. Or more recently — and this is a great day for Netflix investors — Netflix is an outsized position in my portfolio. So I think that it comes down to how much you need the money, what your own risk tolerance is, what your backup plan is. One thing I really like Tony mentioned is I like that he said that it’s 3% of his net worth. So yes, you should actually not just think of it in terms of your portfolio, but what you have, overall, in this world. As long as everything keeps going well at the Motley Fool, I could probably, literally afford to lose my entire investment portfolio and still be a pretty happy guy, so this is why it’s all contextual. Each of us is in a different place — not just where we are in terms of our age, and not just in terms of our own mentality — but really I think it comes down to a weird combination of time, who you are, and who’s dependent on you. So I think that’s a good answer, what you gave, Robert. It’s how mutual funds run for the most part. Mutual funds can’t usually hold a position more than 5%, so that’s why the thinking that you have is aligned, and why it’s good. Standard. It’s the rules of bridge. I know we need to move on, so I’ll just close my answer by saying that if you’ve ever played the card game bridge, which I have (not that well, but I’ve played it extensively over the course of a long period of time), you need to learn all the rules to bid. To know how to bid. One spade — pass. Two hearts. What does that mean? And so once you learn all those rules, now you’re ready to really play bridge and the best players know when to break the rules. And so there’s a little bit of rule breaker vibe here in my answer, but the best players know when to break the rules, but they’re taking a risk to do so, and they know the downside of being burnt. In the case of cards, it’s a bad hand. In the case of your wallet or your net worth, it’s much, much more important. So I think we each have to get to know ourselves, our time, and proceed accordingly. But I personally have broken a lot of the rules when it comes down to asset allocation by letting big stocks, like Amazon, grow and not selling them. If you’re looking at the company, and you believe that Amazon’s going to be relevant five, 10 years from now (or Netflix) … the list goes on … then I feel comfortable with that. Final, final, final answer from me, then I kick it back to the stars, is that one thing you can do, Tony, [is] systematically sell off portions. So you could just say for any position that I have, if it’s outsized … let’s say it’s 18% of your portfolio. How about this? How about over the course of the next eight years, sell off 1% of that stock? Of your 18%, I should say, every year, so that you’re down to 10% over the course of the next eight years. And it doesn’t matter where the stock is at that point. It might be down. It might be up. You just systematically (and I’m picking arbitrary numbers and time line here) but sell down a portion over time, because you’re going to be able to redeploy the funds. Southwick: All right. As a reminder, David Gardner, co-founder and chief rule breaker of The Motley Fool is joining us in-studio today. David also has his own podcast, Rule Breaker Investing , so if you haven’t listened to it, you should check it out. And he’s here to talk about how to be more productive. This is the last in our series of how to be more blank in 2017. So we did wealthier, healthier, happier and we’re going to close it out with more productive. Brokamp: Right. Southwick: So David, thank you for joining us. Gardner: I am honored. Southwick: Well! Brokamp: Your honor is all right. Gardner: Maybe I’ll add some value. Southwick: Every time we ask David to be [on the show], I’m always like, „Hey, do you think David…?” You know, „Oh David, will you be on the show?” And he’s always like so open helping us out. And I’m always like, „Wow! David said yes! He’s got so many other more important things to do.” Gardner: I love your podcast. I’m very pleased to be here. Southwick: Oh, thank you! Gardner: And I’m going to try to give shorter answers than I gave with my Amazon answer. Southwick: No, you can talk … Brokamp: That was an outstanding answer. Southwick:  … you can talk as long as you want. Brokamp: So I’ll kick this off just a little bit about why we’re talking about productivity with money. In my experience talking to clients — when I was a financial advisor and when I talk to either members or even Fool employees, which I do as part of my job — one thing I often hear people say is, „Yeah, I’ve been meaning to do that, but I haven’t gotten around to it.” It might be increasing your contributions to a 401(k), opening your college savings account, getting the life insurance, getting an estate plan. There’s all these things we know we need to do to get our finances on firmer footing, but we haven’t gotten around to it. So as for my own productivity journey, I am biologically, physiologically made to be unproductive. I am distractible, I am scatterbrained, [and] I am a slow reader and writer which is a problem, because it’s like 70% of my job. So I did a lot of reading about productivity about a decade about, and I stumbled across a book called Getting Things Done by a guy named David Allen. And that was when I found out that David Gardner, here, also has a mutual admiration for David Allen and actually has had David Allen come to the company a couple of times. So that is why we asked David Gardner to be a part of this show. So welcome, David. Gardner: Thank you, Robert. Brokamp: Would you consider yourself a naturally productive person? Gardner: No, I would not. In fact, it wasn’t until probably my early 30s when I first read Getting Things Done , David Allen’s book. A lot of people use the acronym GTD. If you’re part of the cult, then you already instantly recognize what GTD stands for. It stands for Getting Things Done , David Allen’s (I think it was early 2000s) book. Brokamp: Yup. Gardner: So I was desperate to be more productive at that stage. We had three young kids. I was in my early 30s. The Motley Fool was humming. I was doing things like book tours, needing to pick stocks, needing to help run the company, and lots of other things besides. Plus I wanted to have fun. That’s a big part of being productive is getting the stuff done that you don’t want to do, that you have to do, in order so that you can do what you actually want to do. And in fact, one of the things I try to do these days is free up as much time as possible for myself, so part of being productive is a completely selfish aim to just be able to do the stuff that I want to do in life. Southwick: I actually have not read the book, Getting Things Done , so now I’m feeling like I am not getting enough things done. Can you explain kind of the gist of what he’s proposing I do to get things done? Brokamp: Philosophically, the main point is that you need a trusted system to capture all your commitments and responsibilities so that you can free up your brain to be more productive [and] to be more creative, because if you rely on your brain to keep track of everything; first of all, it’s not very good at that and second of all, it’s going to cause you a lot of angst. Gardner: So there are five steps, really quickly. The first is to capture all the things. Collect what has your attention. Collect. So he even just suggests you sit down with a piece of paper in the morning and for five minutes just anything that pops into your head. Need to pick up Charmin. Also need to let my boss know I’m quitting my job. And by the way, I need to also get to my kid’s kindergarten assembly to speak there. Whatever it is. And you just fill that piece of paper. And then you start having collected. Step two is you clarify and process what that means. So you start saying, „OK, well, the following two are when I’m in my car, so I’m going to put that in my When I’m in My Car list. And then my At Work list. And maybe Talk to My Spouse list.” And so you start to process those. And then third, you then organize it. OK, I’ve got Car, Talk to Spouse, and Stuff at Work. And so if you have an extra hour, what are you going to do? The classic GTD answer is the first thing you note is what your context is. Because you can’t actually go pick up Charmin at Safeway if you’re sitting here in Fool HQ in the studio. So all that really matters, right now, is Fool HQ things for us, or At Work for you, whoever you are if you’re at work. And so you would just look at that context. And then the question is how do you pull up that context? I like to use the computer or apps, so I use OmniFocus as a Mac person, myself. OmniFocus is a pretty comprehensive app for doing this. It’s not specifically a GTD app. In other words, it’s not David Allen’s product, but it’s people who love what David Allen does and have created a product. There are other „listy” kinds of apps that you can find. You can also use a journal or a yellow legal pad, I guess, but the key is that what I love to do is just immediately filter (drop down list, filter, At Work,) and then see, „OK. Oh, that’s right. I need to go talk to Alison and Robert and do the podcast. Or talk to them ahead of time about what we’re going to do on the podcast.” So you know your context and then you’re ready to act within that context. By the way, I don’t want to be too comprehensive, here, but just to finish out the five steps, I guess, since I put it out there. So fourth is that you reflect and you review frequently. If you have stuff you need to do, or things you need to say to your partner, make sure you’re checking back in with that list. Don’t just write it down and then forget to go back to that list — otherwise you faked yourself out. You externalized it, got it out of your head, but you didn’t actually do anything with it. So fifth and final, of course, is just that you do. You engage. You simply do. So to the extent there’s a system, here, that’s the foundation of the system. But there’s a lot more to it. There are tropes and things. Maybe we’ll touch on a few of them. There’s enough, here, that it fills a really good book. Getting Things Done was a life changer for me. A life improver for me. But we’ll do our best to give a few more examples to inspire people. To circle back, Robert, you were saying, you know, that thing . Like I need to do this thing. I need to finally do my finances. You kind of opened with that. My reaction to that is anytime you feel like there’s something you need to be getting to and you’re not getting to it, the classic David Allen reflection that I’ve learned is probably you have not determined what your single next action is toward that goal. So you might think, „I’ve got to get on top of my money to start 2017.” Well, that sounds like about 100 different actions probably. What’s the actual next action? What’s the single next physical action watching the movie of what you need to do to get on top of your finances in 2017? And all that really matters is that next action. That first step up the mountain is the only step that matters when you’re at zero steps. So I think determining your next action is like a profound, key productivity enhancer. Brokamp: Right. Another one that I know that you’re a big fan of is the Two-Minute Rule. Can you explain that one a little bit? Gardner: It’s a great one and this is, again, straight David Allen and you know it, too, Robert. So the Two-Minute Rule is as simple as this. Anytime there’s something that you need to do, or somebody asks you to do something, if you can do it literally in 120 seconds or less, do it right then. It might be a quick text. Might be a really quick phone call. Might just be take the garbage out. If it’s two minutes literally, or less, just do it. Because a lot of times we don’t, and so we add that to a list and then you end up with lists upon lists, and you’re not getting stuff done, and you just feel stressed. So it’s a great productivity enhancer — the Two-Minute Rule. And the one caveat to that is it has to be two minutes or less. If it’s actually five minutes, then you start to distrust yourself when you think about the Two-Minute Rule. You start saying, „Well, you know, I’m going to do that,” and if it takes five minutes, then the next time you think about doing something that will take two minutes or less, you’ll start to not do it because you’ll be like, „Well, it’s more of a pain than I think,” because sometimes it’s five minutes or six minutes. So literally you have to be kind of hardcore on this, in my experience. Two-Minute Rule — two minutes or less — just do it. Brokamp: Got it. There have been times when I’ve actually tracked my time on a spreadsheet — how I spend my day in 15-minute increments — and have been shocked at how much time I spend on email. And here at Motley Fool we use Slack, and even looking at my computer now, I see I have 38 direct messages on Slack. Gardner: You are a popular guy. Southwick: Wow! Brokamp: Well … Gardner: I’ve never gotten to 38. Alison? Southwick: Me, neither. No! Gardner: Wow! Brokamp: It’s part of this, I think, this new thing that’s coming out. But anyways… Gardner: Groupies. Groupies! Southwick: Yeah, I know. Is it? You’re kind of bragging a little bit. Gardner: Robert gets stalked around Fool HQ a little bit. Brokamp: Look at the pictures they send me. Southwick: Let me just interrupt you really quick. For those who don’t know, Slack is like email. It’s kind of replacing email. I always think of it as being like AOL Instant Messenger, where you’re kind of like in different chat rooms and direct messaging people. Brokamp: That’s exactly what it’s like. Southwick: Well, there we go. That’s exactly what it’s like. OK. Brokamp: So I’ve tried a couple of things. One is — and Alison, I think you even saw this on my desk. I have like a piece of paper, and I have Slack, personal email, work email and I can only check it three times a day. And when I’ve checked it, I have to cross it off and keep track of it. I’ve also tried to time-block it so that I don’t really look at things until noon. But it’s very hard to resist looking at your email and Slack, or whatever else you use for messaging, so how do you handle all that? Gardner: I don’t think of myself as particularly disciplined, so I’m definitely the shiny thing that moves. And I follow it and do it often. Now, I love that you’ve mapped your time. That’s something that each of us would benefit from. You don’t have to do it for a whole week. How about just a single day? How about tomorrow? And just notice, and have insights like that. So for some people, Robert, the equivalent of Slack in their lives is their job. They need to be responsive. They need to be ready. If a quick note comes in from the boss, they need to act. So it kind of comes down to who you are and what you’re doing. I guess the way that I’ve set it up is when things come in to me, generally if I have time, I’ll look at them, and if not … Like here’s one thing I did a long time ago, thanks again to David Allen. I turn off the notification that I got an email, whether it’s on my computer, like Windows, or something flashes in „an email’s come in.” Turn those off. The same thing on your phone. Turn off notifications for things that really don’t matter. Facebook updates that really don’t matter. Emails — if you’re getting spammed all the time — just turn off all of those kinds of notifications. Make sure you’re filtering so that when things come in to you, and you’re looking at it, it matters. Brokamp: You brought up time-blocking, and when I look at some of the things that I’ve tried, one of the most successful things (at least the most helpful things) is when I start the day (and even the week) scheduling certain things. And there are a couple of good books about this. One is Take Back Your Life . Another one is Eat That Frog . Basically a to-do list is unlimited, but your calendar is limited, and if you calendarize your day and work from your calendar and not a to-do list or your inbox, you have a better idea of what you can actually accomplish and what you can actually focus on. Do you ever have something — maybe you have a project you’re working on, something you have to write, something you have to do for someone — that you put on your calendar as, „I am going to work on this thing for an hour or two hours?” Gardner: So more chapter and verse orthodoxy, David Allen. If you put something on your calendar, you have to. You must respect that and do it. Because again, if you don’t, then you’ll start faking yourself out. You’ll start putting future stuff on your calendar and then you’ll also blow those things off. So in the end, how much do you trust yourself? That’s fundamentally what this comes down to. You need to create a trusted system and you need to be a figure of trust within that system. So the suggestion from David Allen is if you do put something on your calendar — which is a formal step — it’s an extra bit of time you just spent to actually put something on your calendar, hardcore stay to that. And if you’re not going to, then don’t put it on your calendar. Keep it on a to-do list, but don’t fake yourself out. Brokamp: Got you. Very good. I’ve noticed a lot of people who are into, I guess I will say, lifestyle types of books. It could be productivity. It could be all kinds of other things. They often don’t have kids. David Allen is one of them. Have you found that you’ve had to expand your system to include your wife? To include your kids? How have you been able to coordinate everyone else’s to-do lists and everyone else’s schedules? Gardner: So really important for me is that I have shared calendars with my wife, so that’s very helpful so we can see what each other’s doing. And if you want to have a little private calendar because you don’t want your wife to know that you’re setting up a surprise for her birthday … Southwick: Yes, that is exactly what you’re doing. Brokamp: That is the reason you would be doing that. Gardner:  … then you can, but having a shared calendar with the people that matter to you is a real productivity enhancer. Another thing that I think is important is to have … David Allen talks in terms of 50,000-foot views, 40,000-foot views, etc. So really quickly, down there at zero feet we’re on the runway. It’s whatever our next action [is] wherever we are right now. We’re on the runway. What are we doing? Ten-thousand feet up is actually — and I’m maybe fudging this a little bit, but you’ll get the metaphor — 10,000-feet up is the projects. Your commitments. So down there on the runway it’s just what my next task [is], but Allen defines a project as anything that’s more than one task. So just think of all the different projects. In fact, if you ever have kind of a GTD person hired in to coach you (a GTD coach), one of the first things they’ll do is get you to list all of your projects. And there’s no division between your work life and your family life or any other life. It’s all you. And so making sure you understand every single project that you (even if you didn’t think of it as a project) [are] committed to mentally. Something you think you’re going to do in 2017 — that’s a project — and so you need to have a full view of that at 10,000 feet. Twenty-thousand feet — 30, 40, 50 — these are like, „OK, what’s my 2017 goals?” Or, „What are my three-to-five-year goals?” Or at the top, 50,000 feet, why am I here? What is my purpose? What am I actually trying to achieve? And so making sure you spend some time at each of those altitudes — most of your time you’re on the runway — but making sure you get above that at different points with people that matter [like] your family, spouse or partner. Conversations like that are what keep you, ironically, maybe grounded. Brokamp: Any other particular challenges you have with being productive? Anything that you still struggle with on a regular basis? Gardner: Well, a key feature to, again, orthodox Getting Things Done is that you do a weekly review. And this is probably where most people fall off the wagon. And I have, in a way, fallen off the wagon, but in a way just kind of made it my own. So I guess I’ve just rationalized falling off the wagon. Brokamp: I didn’t like that wagon anyhow. Gardner: And I don’t know about you, Robert, because I know you’re a GTDer yourself, but the weekly review … the idea is to block off an hour or so and look over all your projects. So if you have 117 projects, which is probably about how many projects you have, whoever you are, if you actually are honest with yourself and list [them]; then it seems daunting to go over 117 things every week. Now, the truth is you don’t need to look over all of the projects. What you do is you look over the next actions for each of the projects. And maybe some of the projects aren’t relevant right now, so you could skip that. But the idea is to look back and reengage, recommit, and review all of the commitments that you’ve made to yourself and others on this weekly basis. And I don’t, admittedly. If you watch the movie of me in a given month, I’m not doing weekly reviews. For me, the way that I’ve made it my own, a little bit, is I think a lot of the time we need to do weekly reviews is because we don’t want to deal with stuff. So we’re like, „Oh, that’s right. I do have to — taxes are coming. Quarterlies. OK, so I will make sure I’m reviewing that and doing that.” But what I’ve ended up doing to make it my own (and this is a weird, idiosyncratic, geeky admission on my part), and I don’t often talk about this, but this is why I come on Motley Fool Answers … Southwick: To save face. Gardner:  … to save face with Alison and Robert is I randomize a lot. So randomizing, for me, is gamifying life, and I do that a lot. In fact, I read that Tolstoy used to randomize his life decisions. Just cast a die and go off and do it. Brokamp: You’re coming back to write a book. I don’t know. Gardner: I’m not quite that hardcore, but one of my favorite things to do is have my list of things to do in the day ahead. Start with that in the morning. And instead of being the really disciplined person who tackles the hardest things first (which is, indeed, what we all should be doing), I tend to randomize. So if I have 10 things, I will, with my die app, roll a 10-sided die and it will be like number seven. Great. And there’s a weird commitment that I’ve made that if I roll number seven and number seven is the worst thing (the most wet, prickly thing I don’t want to have to do) I literally will do it right then. And so seven, four, one. And by the end of the day I’ll try to have all 10 done, but I never [know] what [is] going to come next. Surprises are fun for us… Southwick: Yeah … Gardner:  … even sometimes if they’re bad, so that’s how I’ve made it my own, is I’ve taken out weekly reviews and I’ve added in gamification and I get enough stuff done that I feel like it works, but just for me. I’m not putting that out for anybody else to do. Brokamp: That’s so funny. Gardner: It’s Leo Tolstoy and I, but nobody else. Brokamp: Now I was trying to come up with a definition of productivity, and it basically is focusing on the most important things and getting them done as efficiently as possible. One little mantra I say to myself, sometimes, is „priorities before frivolities.” Gardner: I say hard/easy, not easy/hard. I say it to the kids all the time. The same thing. Brokamp: And I thought about it during a little talk you gave to our company in which you told the tale that involved a very big number (86,400) so I thought it would be good if we closed out with that, because it talks about using a limited resource (time) to get important things done. Gardner: So I have a very short passage I’m going to read, and this is not mine. This, like David Allen’s system, it’s not mine. It’s something that I’ve learned and it’s something that I love. So this is from a book called Tie-Ins for Life by Joe Shusko. He is a Marine martial arts instructor. Every U.S. Marine learns martial arts, and those who go through Quantico have learned for the last few decades from Joe Shusko. And one thing he does is he tells the Marines stories that he ties into the lessons that he’s giving as he teaches karate chops, or all the different forms of martial arts that they learn. He ties a story in because, of course, that’s the best way to learn. So this is a tie-in and it’s entitled „86,400 Seconds” and here’s how it goes. It starts this way. Imagine there’s a bank that credits your account $86,400 every day. It carries no balance and every evening it deletes what you don’t use. What would you do with it? Each of us has that bank account. It’s called time. Every morning it credits you with 86,400 seconds and every evening it writes off what you don’t use. It has no balance. Each day you have a new account. If you fail to use those deposits, you can’t go back. Live in the present. Live for today. The clock is running. Make the best of everything you have. Take responsibility for your life. Make a difference. Write down at the end of the day how you’ve made a difference. Don’t watch the world go by. You would spend every penny of the $86,400. Spend the seconds just as well. Brokamp: That’s great. Thank you, David, for coming on. Southwick: Yeah. Thank you for putting Motley Fool Answers on your to-do list. We really appreciate it. Gardner: I can’t wait for my next appearance, whatever the excuse is to pull me back. Maybe sometime late this summer I’d love that you have me back. Let’s talk something else. Southwick: We’ll have you back whenever you want. Thank you. Gardner: Thank you for your wonderful podcast. I’m so grateful for you both, and I know you’ve got a lot of fans and deservedly so. And thank you for Motley Fool Answers . Southwick: Aw! Thank you! Gardner: By the way, the average human heart beats 100,000 times a day. Make every beat count. Southwick: Oh, it’s our final episode of There’s an App for That. I’m so sad. I’ve been enjoying you guys coming in and talking about apps. And today we have Mohna Shah, again. She’s back. Yay! Mohna Shah: Yay! Thank you. It’s nice to be back. Southwick: Yes, it’s nice to have you. And, of course she works for Motley Fool, oh, Wealth Management, a sister company of The Motley Fool. And we also have Kara Chambers. She is … have you been on the show before? Kara Chambers: No, I haven’t. Southwick: All right. Kara Chambers works on our people team and she is … I basically went right to her and I was like, „Kara, can you be on this because you are like a person famous for using apps and productivity tools.” So you didn’t volunteer. You were volun-told. Chambers: My favorite thing. Southwick: Same for Mohna. So we are going to talk about probably four apps, today, and just to get it out of the way, these are all four apps that we love. So not necessarily some reviews, but here’s some recommendations. All right, Mohna. What apps have you brought us today? Shah: So today I wanted to recommend Dropbox and 1Password. It is a way for families to be productive together. One of the inefficiencies about being married or trying to coordinate with your parents is that you want to share documents with them, or be able to give somebody a password in case something happens to you. And those are always the troubling things. Who do you trust? How should we maintain it and then my password changes? And how do I tell them? So for Dropbox, which is a document storage solution in the cloud, my husband and I share an account and you can have separate folders that the other person doesn’t see, but you can also share folders … Southwick: Mohna, what are you putting in that folder that your husband can’t see? Shah: It’s my birthday gift to him. Brokamp: There you go. There you go. Southwick: We are all so concerned about our spouses’ birthdays on this show today. Shah: But one of the things is when you get married and you’re sharing insurance, and a mortgage document, etc., it’s really hard to have both people keep referencing a paper document in your home. It’s much easier to have that available on your phone and both people can share that and access it when they happen to need it, which makes things a lot easier. It’s also encrypted, so for people who are concerned about security, there’s definitely safety in using the app. The other thing is for people who have aging parents, they might want to be able to have access to their will or other documents that would help them help manage their parents’ lives a little bit better, and I think that that’s a good way to go, as well, so that you can make sure if something does happen, chaos is reduced and you’re able to proceed as you need to. With 1Password, I know that immediately when I got married and we combined our finances, we started using his checking and savings account, which meant that when I called the bank, they wanted me to tell them what my husband’s first pet was in order to get by the security clearances and I just thought, „That’s really silly. I have no idea.” So 1Password is a way in which you can store your passwords for each thing that you have a log in for, as well as put in the notes of what your answers to the security questions are. That way if I have to change a password for our insurance, I can go in, change it in the app. It changes it on his phone and the next time he logs in, he’s aware of it. Also it does generate passwords, so we all know we need to keep complex passwords. Not reuse passwords from one thing to the next. And so this is another great way in which you don’t have to remember it. Keep it on your phone. Anytime you need to log into something, it’s right there at your fingertips. Southwick: Cool! OK, and then so for Dropbox and 1Password, there are both free and paid versions if you want like more bells and whistles and more storage space. Shah: Right. Southwick: All right, cool. All right, Kara. You have brought us a couple of apps today. Pocket? I’ve never heard of Pocket. Chambers: Pocket is my helpful way of managing all the things to read on the internet. Southwick: Oh! Chambers: One of my favorite bad habits is to just endlessly get lost in reading article after article and Twitter , and you barely read like three sentences and you skip through. Or someone forwards you an interesting article. So Pocket will clean up the interface and save it for you for you to read offline. So what you’ve got is kind of a nice magazine. And sometimes I’ll deliberately put my iPad in airplane mode so I’m not endlessly down that rabbit hole of the internet at the end of the day, and just have got some nice magazine-linked articles. Long reads to read. And you can tag them and hold onto them. They’re formatted nicely, so you’re not just clicking through a big, long interface. It basically cleans up and organizes the internet for you. So things like The New York Times Sunday magazine always has great articles that I always just miss. So if you’re saving something you found on Twitter, or someone at work forwarded you something interesting, just saving it all during the day to Pocket and then having that to read at the end of the day is just a nice compromise between paper books, which are no longer satisfying my attention span. So if you find yourself not with the patience to sit down with a book to read, this is a good interface to just settle down at the end of the day. Southwick: Sure. Own no magazines, yes. Use Pocket. And is this one free, or do you pay for it? Chambers: I believe there’s a free and a paid version. Also you can forward emails into Pocket, so if someone sends you an email with an article, you just forward it to Pocket to read later and then find it in your queue at the end of the day. Southwick: Cool. And the next one we’re going to talk about is one that we are all fans of… Shah: Yes. Southwick: Trello. Brokamp: Trello. Chambers: Trello pretty much runs the Fool, by now, and most of our lives. Southwick: Between Slack and Trello, that’s the only way things get done around here. Chambers: Absolutely. In fact, the new thing is now instead of someone saying to you, „I haven’t gotten around to that,” say, „it’s on my Trello board. It’s on my Trello board.” So Trello is a to-do list, but it’s really beautifully designed based on Agile methodology, which is basically to-do, doing, done and then maybe a waiting column. We’ve talked about David Allen here, Getting Things Done . Just a simplified look at what I have to do next. But it organizes it in terms of visual cards, and for a lot of people they just find the interface helpful. What I love about a good app is one that adds features time over time. It continues to make it better. And Trello does that. There’s a lot of filtering and tagging. You can play around with it to make it beautifully visual. That’s also a habit of mine, to just say, „OK, I have this boring meeting, but I’m going to hold up this beautiful organized Trello board and it looks like I’ve got something done.” So you can use it on your own. You can use it in collaboration with others. I was in a team meeting, and I have some teams that people say, „I don’t really use Trello. I have my own system.” But I can still use Trello to run the meeting, so you can use it at work, but if your workplace doesn’t use Trello, it’s really helpful to use on your own. You can snap pictures of things and upload them. You can save bookmarks like from Pinterest or something else. You could put your Pocket articles on there and save them, and you can physically move them around. There’s an iPad, an iPhone, and a desktop app, and I think what we love about it is it’s just so beautifully designed. Southwick: Yeah, it’s really rewarding to move like cards to the „Done” column. Or you can have the column be whatever you want, but this show runs on Trello, too. Brokamp: It does, yeah. Southwick: So there we go. 1Password and Dropbox to help you collaborate, get organized, and be more productive with your loved ones. And then Trello to get organized with your projects in a very GTD kind of way. See, I’m using the lingo. Brokamp: That’s very impressive. Southwick: Thank you. And then Pocket to help organize all those things you want to read and just save for the end of the day. Yay! Thank you guys for joining us for the final, final version… Oh, for the final. What do I call it? For the final… Brokamp: Installment of our series. Southwick: The final installment of our series, There’s an App for That. Which is also your Motley, isn’t it Kara? Chambers: Yes, it is. Every Fool has a Motley. We have our own little phrase or saying and I picked that one because I like to look at new technology for the Fool all the time. Southwick: And that’s why I dragged you in here. Chambers: Anytime. I could talk about apps all day. Southwick: Thank you, guys. Chambers: All right, thank you. Shah: Thank you. Southwick: All right, that’s the show. I want to thank David Gardner for joining us, as well as Mohna Shah and Kara Chambers. We really couldn’t do this show without the whole village. Brokamp: We could not. Southwick: We’ve received a ton of postcards over the holidays from exotic places. Brokamp: Wow! Southwick: I know. We got one from Cody, who works for UNICEF in the Sudan. Bruno in Rio, Patrick from the Grand Canyon, Brent who is stationed in Kuwait, and Dan and Beth who went to Caneel Bay. And I am peanut butter and jealous over that one. It’s gorgeous. Ugh! Well, you guys all live such exciting lives. Brokamp: And if we haven’t said this already, we hang all those up. They don’t go into a pile. Everyone can see these postcards. Southwick: Because we’re very proud of them — that our listeners are so cool. Yee! All right, so our email is Answers@Fool.com. Remember how we set up that phone number for people to leave a question and a message? And then I forgot to go and check the box? Brokamp: There’s like a hundred. Southwick: No, there’s not a hundred, but I feel bad because people left some questions over our voice mail and I forgot to circle back. But not anymore, because it’s going on my GTD list … Brokamp: There you go. Southwick: So yes. Please send us your questions to Answers@Fool.com or you can call and leave a voice mail at 1-800-MRSFOOL. All right. The show is edited productively by Rick Engdahl. For Robert Brokamp, I’m Alison Southwick. Stay Foolish, everybody. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. David Gardner owns shares of Amazon and Netflix. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Netflix, and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends The New York Times. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Neuromodulation Devices and Implantable Infusion Pumps Market analysis with Key Players, Applications, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Global Sprinkler Market – Professional and In-depth Study with Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Trinity Bank Reports: 2017 First Quarter Net Income Down 62.5%; Dividend Increase 6.5% Trinity Bank Reports: 2017 First Quarter Net Income Down 62.5%; Dividend Increase 6.5% Park Sterling Corporation Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend on Common Shares Park Sterling Corporation Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend on Common Shares Tractor Supply Company Reports First Quarter Results Proudly powered by WordPress
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines 16 Arrested In Six Day Operation From Kingsfield Road To Warrington Northview And Tate FFA Programs Named Among Florida’s Finest ECSO: Man Attempts To Carjack Deputy Wahoos Drop Third In A Row To Mobile 14-Year Old Arrested For Robbing Woman Outside Cantonment Subway Trailer Fire Claims Life More Child Sex Charges File Against Former Tate Coach For Abuses In Locker Room, Church State Pension, Health Care Overhauls Advance In Florida Senate Budget Prospects Dim As House, Senate Feud One Injured In Roberts Road Crash House Takes Aim At Florida ‘Liquor Wall’ April 26, 2017 A heavily lobbied measure that would remove a Depression-era “wall” separating the sale of liquor and groceries was positioned — after more than two hours of discussion Tuesday — for a final House vote as soon as Wednesday. The House agreed to take up a Senate-approved version of the proposal (SB 106), after years of debate that has pitted the supermarket giant Publix and small liquor stores against retailers Walmart and Target. House sponsor Bryan Avila, R-Hialeah, said the proposal, which would repeal a decades-old state law requiring stand-alone liquor stores, doesn’t make Walmart and Target winners. He said the decision to vote on the Senate measure, which includes a provision regarding convenience stores that was not in the House version, was done in the “spirit of cooperation.” Walmart and Target lobbyists have argued that repealing the law is needed to meet customers’ demands and convenience. Instead of going elsewhere to buy liquor, shoppers could buy it in the same stores where they pick up groceries and other items. But more than 100 liquor-store owners and employees, many wearing white T-shirts stating “Save Jobs & Small Business Vote No,” lined the entryway to the House chamber prior to the session Tuesday. The bill also could affect Publix, which has opened liquor stores in many of the same shopping centers as its supermarkets. Critics pointed to the potential impact of the change on small businesses and the possibility there would be greater access to liquor by minors, either as store employees or shoppers. Rep. Julio Gonzalez, R-Venice, called the proposal “decidedly anti-free market.” “Isn’t this bill essentially a conduit to allow the large package stores to run amok, to run the small businesses out of the various market places and restrict their ability to find places to conduct their businesses?” Gonzalez said. In addition to repealing the separation law, enacted in 1934 as Florida was responding to the end of Prohibition, the measure would prohibit new package stores from being licensed within 1,000 feet of schools; require small bottles, 6.8 ounces or less, to be displayed only behind the counter; and require that checkout clerks under the age of 18 to be supervised by someone 18 or older when alcohol is being purchased. The Senate voted 21-17 last month to approve the proposal sponsored by Sen. Anitere Flores. It also would require retail businesses that sell gas to be 10,000 square feet or larger to receive liquor licenses. The size restriction had been a sticking point when the proposal first reached the House floor last month. But Avila noted that a number of senators expressed concern about the potential for liquor stores appearing on neighborhood street-corners. “For all intents and purposes I have not seen a gas station, other than the Busy Bee, that is more than 10,000-square-feet,” Avila said. Rep. Scott Plakon, R-Longwood, and Rep. Al Jacquet, D-Lantana, failed to convince House members to approve a series of amendments that Avila said were intended to “kill” the bill. One of Plakon’s proposals, for example, would have prohibited package stores holding liquor licenses from employing anyone under age 21. “For the first time, tens of thousands of young people, without this amendment, will be in close proximity to hard liquor,” Plakon said of his amendment, which failed in a 70-48 vote. By taking up the Senate version, and not making any changes, approval by the House would send the bill to Gov. Rick Scott rather than having the bill bounce back to the Senate. by Jim Turner, The News Service of Florida Pictured: A separate liquor store next to the Publix in University Town Center on West Nine Mile Road. Photo for NorthEscambia.com, click to enlarge. Comments One Response to “House Takes Aim At Florida ‘Liquor Wall’” Grand Locust on April 26th, 2017 7:27 am The artificial division of the large box grocery stores is a waste of time for consumers, and an additional cost which has NO justification. Liquor stores should face fair competition which allows consumers to get fair prices. A separate entrance into a big box liquor store does nothing to protect the public and increases the cost of the product. Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under front top middle    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Amy Witherite Discusses Walmart’s Decision To Test Dual-Facing Cameras In Semis Dallas, 04/25/2017 /SubmitPressRelease123/ By now, you have probably heard of the fatal semi-truck wreck involving a Walmart truck driver, Kevin Roper, 35, of Jonesboro, GA, and comedian Tracy Morgan. Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury, but his friend, James McNair, was killed in the accident. Investigators discovered that the truck driver who caused the accident had been awake for 28 hours straight at the time of the wreck and was charged with manslaughter. The truck wreck brought new awareness to the issue of “trucker fatigue” and the abuse of hours of service regulations, which currently limit truck drivers to 11 consecutive hours behind the wheel. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has placed some of the blame for the accident on Walmart, saying the company should have done a better job of training and educating their drivers. NTSB Chairman Christopher Hart believes regulations can only go so far and that companies that employ truck drivers must be vigilant about creating a work culture that discourages violations of safety rules to prevent truck wrecks. Inward-Facing Cameras Divide Truckers Perhaps in response, Walmart recently announced that it is testing dual-facing cameras in some of their semi-trucks. The retail giant has a fleet of about 6,000 trucks. Currently, the program is volunteer-only, with the dual-facing cameras only placed in trucks of drivers who agree to have them on board. Amy Witherite, co-founder and principal of Eberstein Witherite says, “There are other trucking companies exploring the idea of having these types of cameras in their trucks. Some companies have combined the cameras with other technologies, such as warning systems that signal a trucker when the truck drifts out of a lane. There are even safety systems that brake automatically if a truck gets too close to another vehicle.” The dual cameras record both the view immediately ahead of a semi, as well as the interior of the truck, including the driver. The goal is to cut down on safety violations, including texting and driving, talking on cell phones, and driver inattention — all activities that can cause a devastating truck accident. However, not all truck drivers are thrilled with the idea of inward-facing cameras. One trucker likened the interior of his cab to his office, and the area behind his front seat as his home away from home, where he sleeps when he’s on the road. He compared the camera to a Peeping Tom, claiming that the camera is a serious invasion of privacy. Other drivers support the dual cameras, saying it protects them in the event of an accident. They claim that having video footage of the road as well as their actions behind the wheel can prove they were not responsible for a collision. Media Contact Lucy Tiseo Eberstein & Witherite, LLP Phone: 800-878-2597 Email: [email protected] www.1800truckwreck.com Connect with Eberstein & Witherite on Facebook,  Instagram and Twitter source: http://www.1800truckwreck.com/amy-witherite-discusses-walmarts-decision-test-dual-facing-cameras-semis.html Like Submit Press Release 123 on Facebook CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Fuel Tank Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Tencent Cloud to Open Five More Overseas Data Centers in 2017 Search Recent Posts Ipsen Reports Strong First Quarter 2017 Sales Growth of 19,1%1 Ipsen annonce une croissance forte de 19,1%1 de son chiffre d’affaires au premier trimestre 2017 North America Opaque Polymer (Opacifier) Market Trends, Top Manufactures, Market Demands, Industry Growth Analysis & Forecast: 2022 North America N-Ethyl Para Base Ester Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Global Blood Collection Systems Market 2021- Analysis and Trends Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 70° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Politics News Local News U.S. World News Unusual News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Research shows more tourist buying or renting homes Lake deputies seek suspect in cemetery thefts Alligator grabs catch of the day Photos Weather Babies: April 24 to April 28 Weather Babies: April 17 to April 21 Weather Babies: April 10 to April 14 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Florida House takes aim at grocery store 'liquor wall' By: By JIM TURNER THE NEWS SERVICE OF FLORIDA Posted:Apr 25 2017 07:09PM EDT Updated:Apr 25 2017 07:09PM EDT Related Stories Ann Coulter's Berkeley speech canceled Trump proposes 'biggest tax cut' in history Calls for 'El Chapo' to pay for Mexico border wall Massive Trump tax cuts face big hurdles TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (WOFL FOX 35) - A heavily lobbied measure that would remove a Depression-era "wall" separating the sale of liquor and groceries was positioned --- after more than two hours of discussion Tuesday --- for a final House vote as soon as Wednesday. The House agreed to take up a Senate-approved version of the proposal (SB 106), after years of debate that has pitted the supermarket giant Publix and small liquor stores against retailers Walmart and Target. House sponsor Bryan Avila, R-Hialeah, said the proposal, which would repeal a decades-old state law requiring stand-alone liquor stores, doesn't make Walmart and Target winners. He said the decision to vote on the Senate measure, which includes a provision regarding convenience stores that was not in the House version, was done in the "spirit of cooperation." Walmart and Target lobbyists have argued that repealing the law is needed to meet customers' demands and convenience. Instead of going elsewhere to buy liquor, shoppers could buy it in the same stores where they pick up groceries and other items. But more than 100 liquor-store owners and employees, many wearing white T-shirts stating "Save Jobs & Small Business Vote No," lined the entryway to the House chamber prior to the session Tuesday. The bill also could affect Publix, which has opened liquor stores in many of the same shopping centers as its supermarkets. Critics pointed to the potential impact of the change on small businesses and the possibility there would be greater access to liquor by minors, either as store employees or shoppers. Rep. Julio Gonzalez, R-Venice, called the proposal "decidedly anti-free market." "Isn't this bill essentially a conduit to allow the large package stores to run amok, to run the small businesses out of the various market places and restrict their ability to find places to conduct their businesses?" Gonzalez said. In addition to repealing the separation law, enacted in 1934 as Florida was responding to the end of Prohibition, the measure would prohibit new package stores from being licensed within 1,000 feet of schools; require small bottles, 6.8 ounces or less, to be displayed only behind the counter; and require that checkout clerks under the age of 18 to be supervised by someone 18 or older when alcohol is being purchased. The Senate voted 21-17 last month to approve the proposal sponsored by Sen. Anitere Flores. It also would require retail businesses that sell gas to be 10,000 square feet or larger to receive liquor licenses. The size restriction had been a sticking point when the proposal first reached the House floor last month. But Avila noted that a number of senators expressed concern about the potential for liquor stores appearing on neighborhood street-corners. "For all intents and purposes I have not seen a gas station, other than the Busy Bee, that is more than 10,000-square-feet," Avila said. Rep. Scott Plakon, R-Longwood, and Rep. Al Jacquet, D-Lantana, failed to convince House members to approve a series of amendments that Avila said were intended to "kill" the bill. One of Plakon's proposals, for example, would have prohibited package stores holding liquor licenses from employing anyone under age 21. "For the first time, tens of thousands of young people, without this amendment, will be in close proximity to hard liquor," Plakon said of his amendment, which failed in a 70-48 vote. By taking up the Senate version, and not making any changes, approval by the House would send the bill to Gov. Rick Scott rather than having the bill bounce back to the Senate.     Information provied by The News Service of Florida.   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Bush Hwy remains closed due to Cactus Fire Meteor caught on camera in Florida Keys Buc-ee's to expand into Fla., Ala. DeLand Police raising funds for sick officer Sheriff: veteran with PTSD killing service dog Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Police: Suspect shoots bystander, CPD shoots suspect in incident - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing College Football Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Police: Suspect shoots bystander, CPD shoots suspect in incident at Walmart 2017-04-26T16:49:58Z2017-04-27T02:10:32Z By Jeremy Turnage, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jturnage@wistv.com ADVERTISEMENT Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Walmart Walmart Slideshow: Columbia Police Department officer-involved shooting (Source: WIS) (Source: Google Earth Pro) COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) - A suspect and a bystander at a gas station were both wounded during an officer-involved shooting incident at the Walmart on Bush River Road on Wednesday afternoon.  According to CPD Chief Skip Holbrook, officers were called to the scene shortly before noon after reports of an armed man acting erratically inside the store.  RELATED: See photos from the scene of the shooting. The suspect, Holbrook said, exited the store and police followed him to a nearby Murphy Express gas station.  Holbrook said the suspect then appeared to confront a citizen who was filling their car with gas. Holbrook said the suspect then shot the citizen. After that, Holbrook said, the suspect then opened fire on the two CPD officers on scene. The officers returned fire, striking the suspect at least once, Holbrook said.  "When I was getting out of the car to go to Walmart, we heard gunshots being fired. I ducked back in the car, because we didn't know where the gunshots were coming from," eyewitness Tasha Davis said. "There was a Walmart worker standing outside and another lady standing outside where he had dropped some items, then he ran up to the store at the gas station here where gunshots were actually being fired at." An anonymous viewer submitted this photo of the suspect being chased by police through the parking lot. CPD has confirmed that this is the suspect that later shot a bystander and was, in turn, shot himself by police.  Both the citizen and the suspect are in surgery. The innocent bystander is out of surgery and doing well, according to CPD. There is no word on the condition of the suspect.  Additional CPD officers who arrived on scene helped save the man's life by administering a tourniquet to stop the severe bleeding.— Cola Police Dept. SC (@ColumbiaPDSC) April 26, 2017 No charges have been announced. Copyright 2017 WIS. All rights reserved.  RSS FeedsMore>> News Feed News Feed Get news stories via RSS.More >> Get news stories via RSS.More >> Sports Feed Sports Feed Get sports stories via RSS.More >> Get sports stories via RSS.More >> RSS Feeds RSS Feeds Add headlines to your RSS news readerMore >> specialConnect with us!More>> Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Twitter Text & Email Alerts Text & Email Alerts Download our Apps Download our Apps Send Photos & Video Send Photos & Video    Local NewsMore>> 'Suspicious death' investigation underway in west Charlotte 'Suspicious death' investigation underway in west Charlotte Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 11:50 PM EDT2017-04-27 03:50:11 GMT CMPD tweeted one person was pronounced dead around 6:54 p.m. in the 4200 block of Welling Avenue.More >> CMPD tweeted one person was pronounced dead around 6:54 p.m. in the 4200 block of Welling Avenue.More >> First Alert: Storms could affect Thursday evening commute First Alert: Storms could affect Thursday evening commute Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 10:45 PM EDT2017-04-27 02:45:35 GMT (WBTV) Tomorrow, the coverage looks like it will be around 40%, which is our threshold for feeling that enough of our viewing area will be impacted that we would like to draw your attention to it.More >> Tomorrow, the coverage looks like it will be around 40%, which is our threshold for feeling that enough of our viewing area will be impacted that we would like to draw your attention to it.More >> Medical devices that could help prevent allergic reactions? Medical devices that could help prevent allergic reactions? Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 10:13 PM EDT2017-04-27 02:13:12 GMT (Source: NPN) We all know of medical devices you can carry to help stop an allergic reaction. But what if you could prevent one from happening in the first place? More >> We all know of medical devices you can carry to help stop an allergic reaction. But what if you could prevent one from happening in the first place?More >> Crime Stoppers: Crooks rob AutoZone the hard way Crime Stoppers: Crooks rob AutoZone the hard way Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 9:26 PM EDT2017-04-27 01:26:57 GMT (Surveillance courtesy Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police) Two men in heavy disguises broke the glass and unlocked the door. They caught the two clerks by surprise. More >> Two men in heavy disguises broke the glass and unlocked the door. They caught the two clerks by surprise.More >> Parents react to CMS superintendent's phase 2 of student assignment plan Parents react to CMS superintendent's phase 2 of student assignment plan Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 8:06 PM EDT2017-04-27 00:06:43 GMT WBTV graphic One plan has students who were zoned for Hough High School to attend Hopewell High School, and some parents aren't thrilled about that.  More >> One plan has students who were zoned for Hough High School to attend Hopewell High School, and some parents aren't thrilled about that. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Hampton Company founded by Hampton native wins $12 million verdict against Wal-Mart Aaron Cuker Courtesy Aaron Cuker Aaron G. Cuker, the CEO and chief creative officer of the Cuker Agency, a San Diego company that just won a $12.4 million jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores. Aaron G. Cuker, the CEO and chief creative officer of the Cuker Agency, a San Diego company that just won a $12.4 million jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores. (Courtesy Aaron Cuker) Peter DujardinContact Reporterpdujardin@dailypress.com Privacy Policy A small California company founded by a Hampton High School graduate has won a $12.4 million federal jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores — with the jury declaring that the world's largest retailer was "willful and malicious" in misappropriating the smaller firm's trade secrets in 2014. Cuker Interactive, a San Diego company founded by former Hampton resident Aaron G. Cuker, landed the award after a two-week jury trial in U.S. District Court in the Western District of Arkansas. In an interview Tuesday, Cuker said the retail giant ripped off his company's trade secrets — designed to improve customers' experience on websites — and made sure they ended up in the hands of a lower-cost technology firm in India. "They came in and they pillaged our technology and know-how and took it over to a lower-cost provider," said Cuker, the company's CEO and chief creative officer. "That takes away our competitive edge in the marketplace — and in the process, their goal was to destroy us." Cuker said it was during 2014 litigation over a contract and payments dispute that he learned of some of Wal-Mart's actions. For example, he said, he learned that some of the supposed "Wal-Mart employees" in on multiple conference calls with his firm in early 2014 were in fact employees from an Indian competitor who were on the call with the retailer's knowledge. Family drops lawsuit over industrial accident that killed worker in Hampton Peter Dujardin The family of a man killed in a workplace accident in Hampton four years ago has dropped a federal lawsuit against the maker and designer of the industrial equipment he was trying to repair. Aleksandr L. "Sasha" Berelovich, 54, of Newport News, a maintenance mechanic for Craft Machine Works, was... The family of a man killed in a workplace accident in Hampton four years ago has dropped a federal lawsuit against the maker and designer of the industrial equipment he was trying to repair. Aleksandr L. "Sasha" Berelovich, 54, of Newport News, a maintenance mechanic for Craft Machine Works, was... (Peter Dujardin) "We were going over the technology," Cuker said. "So (Wal-Mart) had people on the phone ... as we were walking through it." That Indian firm, Cuker said, charges only a fifth of a U.S. provider's price. "I was really upset," he said. "We signed a confidentiality agreement between the parties. So I wouldn't have expected (Wal-Mart) to do that — the same way they wouldn't have wanted me to take their confidential information and give it to Target or Amazon." Cuker's lead attorney, Callie Ann Bjurstrom, of the San Diego law firm of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, termed the verdict "gratifying." Caption Fuddruckers in Newport News closes The Fuddruckers burger restaurant at 12361 Hornsby Lane across from Patrick Henry Mall in Newport News closed earlier this month. The Fuddruckers burger restaurant at 12361 Hornsby Lane across from Patrick Henry Mall in Newport News closed earlier this month. Caption Fuddruckers in Newport News closes The Fuddruckers burger restaurant at 12361 Hornsby Lane across from Patrick Henry Mall in Newport News closed earlier this month. The Fuddruckers burger restaurant at 12361 Hornsby Lane across from Patrick Henry Mall in Newport News closed earlier this month. Caption Drone Display at the 4th Annual Jacobs Technology Days The 4th Annual Jacobs Technology Days in conjunction with the Virginia AeroSpace Business Association (VASBA) and the Hampton Roads Unmanned Systems Opportunity Exchange. This two-day event featuring unmanned systems panel discussions. The 4th Annual Jacobs Technology Days in conjunction with the Virginia AeroSpace Business Association (VASBA) and the Hampton Roads Unmanned Systems Opportunity Exchange. This two-day event featuring unmanned systems panel discussions. Caption Chicago's Trump Tower has a 'glut' of condos for sale It's not clear just how many of the sales in the building are being driven by politics. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) It's not clear just how many of the sales in the building are being driven by politics. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption The problems of Uber The New York Times reported that Uber had been using a program to thwart authorities trying to curtail or shut down the service. (April 24, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The New York Times reported that Uber had been using a program to thwart authorities trying to curtail or shut down the service. (April 24, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption FCC clears way for big TV mergers, eases broadband price limits The moves came as Pai is expected to soon try to roll back the controversial net neutrality rules for online traffic that were pushed through by former chairman Tom Wheeler. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The moves came as Pai is expected to soon try to roll back the controversial net neutrality rules for online traffic that were pushed through by former chairman Tom Wheeler. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) "The jury got it right," she said. "This is the biggest retail company in the world with unlimited resources. ... It was a very clear case of right and wrong, and they tried to crush the little guy. ... They wanted the technology that Cuker had — and they didn't want to pay the rates that Cuker charged — so they took their trade secrets and their technology overseas. ... They used and abused and stole from them." Wal-Mart's lead attorney for the trial, Neal Manne, of Houston, Texas, declined to comment on the jury's decision, referring a call to Wal-Mart. "We respectfully disagree with the verdict," said Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove, from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, Ark. "In our view, the finding and damages awarded are not supported by the facts. We believe the verdict wrongfully holds Wal-Mart responsible for taking the very materials which Cuker transferred or licensed to us under contract." He added: "We are considering all options, including an appeal." As Cuker's assertion about the Indian workers -- that they posed as Wal-Mart employees on conference calls with the retailer's blessing -- Hargrove said: "We disagree with Mr. Cuker's statement." Cuker, 36, a 1999 graduate of Hampton High School, grew up in Hampton and is the son of Hampton University marine and environmental science professor Benjamin Cuker. After excelling in swimming locally and attending the University of Kentucky on a swimming scholarship, the younger moved to San Diego after graduation in 2003, in part because he enjoyed surfing in the Southern California waters. He founded Cuker Interactive with a colleague, Adel Atalla, in 2006. Over the years, his company developed "responsive technology" — designed to make websites act differently depending on if they were being used on a mobile phone, tablet or traditional laptop or desktop computer. The technology makes it so that a traditional website adapts so well to a smartphone that it eliminates the need for a user to download a specific "app" for that particular retailer. "We were kind of the first to market for this mobile technology," Cuker said. "As a result, we were invited to give some talks around the country." In January 2014, Cuker gave a presentation at the National Retail Federation in New York City. After hearing the presentation, Alex Alexander, Wal-Mart's "multi-channel technology director," for ASDA — Wal-Mart's United Kingdom-based division — approached Cuker, he said. At first, Alexander suggested that Cuker train Wal-Mart workers on the technology, but Cuker quickly nixed that idea. "I said, 'No, we don't go around training on the technology we develop. We can ... implement this for you.'" Soon enough, Wal-Mart and Cuker Interactive entered into a contract to convert ASDA Groceries to a "mobile responsive" site. "They made a bunch of promises," Cuker said. "They said, 'We'll be able to have you do all these different sites all over the world.'" Months later, however, the two sides disputed over payments and how much was owed for the work that was done. "They held payment and ... just kept demanding more work," Cuker said. Then the case went to court. Wal-Mart initially filed a breach of contract claim in August 2014, with that claim remaining under seal in U.S. District Court in Fayetteville, Ark. Cuker Interactive then filed a "counterclaim," asserting that Wal-Mart "demanded more and more from Cuker" and that the retailer got three times the work that the initial contract called for. According to Bjurstrom, a key moment at the recent trial came when Aaron Cuker testified that Alexander told him in one tense phone call, "We will have our legal team destroy you." But during Alexander's deposition — which was recorded and played for the jury last week— "he danced around it and then denied it," Bjursrom said. "But the jury didn't believe him." In response to Bjurstrom's assertions, Hargrove, the Wal-Mart spokesman, said only: "Wal-Mart disagrees with the characterization of Mr. Alexander's testimony." On Friday, the jury found that Wal-Mart "misappropriated trade secrets" of Cuker Interactive's technology in four different areas — awarding the company $12 million in damages. The jury also awarded Cuker $400,000 for "services unjustly received by Wal-Mart" and $30,000 in the breach of contract dispute. Wal-Mart could be ordered to pay Cuker's attorney fees on most of the $12 million in damages. That's because the jury found that Wal-Mart's actions were "willful and malicious" in stealing Cuker's technology. Aaron Cuker said he thinks Wal-Mart tried to strong-arm him because he was "young and small." But he said he always thought the trial would turn out in his favor. "I had faith that at the end of the day, justice will prevail," he said. "There were days at trial that I was a little bit nervous, yeah. But I never lost the belief that the right outcome would happen." "I do want the next guy in my shoes to think twice before he engages them in business," Cuker said of Wal-Mart. "We put everything over the past three years into being able to fight this — every penny, every ounce of energy -- and we were able to survive." Dujardin can be reached by phone at 757-247-4749. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press University of Kentucky Without a driver's license and deep in debt to the courts, poor Virginians hope for fine collection reforms Newport News man pleads guilty in 4-year-old girl's death Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 58°
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            DFA Joins Newly Launched Project Gigaton Initiative To Reduce Emissions by Dairy Farmers of America (DFA) Posted: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 at 7:27PM EDT During Walmart’s Sustainability Milestone Summit, Dairy Farmers of America (DFA) joined the retailer and other organizations in announcing our participation in a new platform, Project Gigaton, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our operations and supply chains one gigaton by 2030. Through Project Gigaton, a network of suppliers, companies and non-governmental organizations will submit goals and plans to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, the equivalent of taking more than 211 million passengers vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. The initiative has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus emissions reduction efforts. “We are excited to work with Walmart toward its sustainability goals, and are aligned with its vision,” said David Darr, president of farm services at DFA. “Our farmer members have a strong track record of progress and stewardship and are committed to producing safe, quality and wholesome dairy products through integrity-based, sustainable practices. We have a moral obligation to feed the world in a sustainable manner and look forward to continuing the journey as technology evolves in this area.” DFA is committing to accelerating our work in the areas of manure management, anaerobic digestion, farm management and advanced management technologies. We see our work contributing to: • Significantly increase the number of manure management systems that mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions • Working with our nearly 8,000 members on farm management practices that lead to lower enteric GHG emissions • Promoting advanced systems and technologies that lead to more efficient dairy farms DFA and other participating companies are being provided with an emission reduction toolkit that was designed with the input of the World Wildlife Fund, Environmental Defense Fund and other organizations. The toolkit provides guidance on implementing effective enterprise strategies in addressing sustainability challenges and underscores the business benefits in reducing emissions. According to a joint report published by the World Wildlife Fund and CDP, U.S. businesses that commit to annually cutting their carbon emissions can collectively reap as much as $190 billion in savings from reduced energy bills, increased productivity and other associated gains. DFA is proud to join Walmart and other companies in Project Gigaton as we work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our operations and supply chains. Source: Dairy Farmers of America (DFA)  Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to DairyPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 70° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Research shows more tourist buying or renting homes Lake deputies seek suspect in cemetery thefts Alligator grabs catch of the day Photos Weather Babies: April 24 to April 28 Weather Babies: April 17 to April 21 Weather Babies: April 10 to April 14 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Sanford Police arrest sexual offender in February sexual battery Posted:Apr 26 2017 10:04AM EDT Updated:Apr 26 2017 06:40PM EDT Sanford Police arrest sexual offender in February sexual battery Local News Sanford Police arrest sexual offender for February kidnapping and sexual battery Sanford Police have arrested a sexual offender on charges of kidnapping and sexual battery, stemming from an incident in February. Related Stories Edgewater authorities search for cop impersonator Research shows more tourist buying, renting homes Section of SR 414 to close Thursday at 11 p.m. Orlando man guilty in murder of elderly woman SANFORD, Fla. (FOX 35 WOFL) - Sanford Police have arrested a sexual offender on charges of kidnapping and sexual battery, stemming from an incident in February. Sanford police officers on Feb. 8 responded to a reported sexual battery outside a Walmart on South Orlando Drive.   According to the 15-year-old victim, a man threatened her at knife-point to get inside a car.  The man then drove her to an area near Washington Oaks, where he forced her to engage in sexual intercourse, according to police. They said he drove the victim back to the Walmart and told her not to tell anyone about the incident.  The results of the sexual battery kit returned a positive identification for Samuel Lee Hardy Jr.  Hardy was released on sexual offender status from the Department of Corrections on February 17, 2016.  Hardy was previously convicted and sentenced to six years for having sex with minors. Hardy was arrested on Wednesday and charged with one count of kidnapping, one count of forced sexual battery with a weapon on a victim 12 years or older, and two counts of violation of probation.  Anyone with information on this incident or others is asked to contact the Sanford Police Department or Crimeline at 800 423-TIPS (8477)   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Bush Hwy remains closed due to Cactus Fire Meteor caught on camera in Florida Keys Buc-ee's to expand into Fla., Ala. DeLand Police raising funds for sick officer Sheriff: veteran with PTSD killing service dog Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Local news Breaking News Road rage sparks first fatal shooting on an Illinois tollway, officials say Interstate 88 shooting Illinois State Police, left; John Hector / Chicago Tribune Anthony Tillmon, left, a tow truck driver from Lansing, is accused of fatally shooting a semi-truck driver on Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon, left, a tow truck driver from Lansing, is accused of fatally shooting a semi-truck driver on Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. (Illinois State Police, left; John Hector / Chicago Tribune) Clifford Ward, Robert McCoppin and Nereida MorenoContact ReportersChicago Tribune An apparent road rage incident between a tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver simmered for miles along a west suburban tollway until the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, appeared in DuPage County bond court Wednesday, charged with the first-degree murder of Eduardo Munoz, 43, of Northlake, who was shot to death along Interstate 88, near the Interstate 294 interchange around 4:50 p.m. Friday. It is believed to be the first fatal shooting on an Illinois tollway, said Capt. Bob Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, which patrols the tollways. "The public needs to understand that getting involved in a road rage incident never leads to a good result," State's Attorney Robert Berlin said. Prosecutors said Tillmon eluded police for four days after the shooting before surrendering Tuesday. He has not given a statement to police, Berlin said. Authorities do not know what sparked the altercation but said there's no indication Tillmon and Munoz knew each other before the incident. Witnesses reported the tow truck driver and Munoz appeared to be flailing their arms and yelling at each other for more than 3 miles before the shooting, which took place near Oak Brook. Witnesses said the tow truck driver reached across his passenger seat and fired multiple shots before driving off, prosecutors said. Munoz, who was hit three times, was able to safely bring his semi to a halt, an act that Berlin said likely averted tremendous damage or injury to other motorists. Munoz was still in the cab of his truck when paramedics responded. He was taken to Elmhurst Hospital; he died of his wounds. Authorities said Tillmon was a longtime employee of Wes's Service, a Calumet City towing company, and that GPS and I-Pass records place the tow truck Tillmon was driving that day at the scene of the shooting. At Wednesday's bond hearing, Assistant State's Attorney Jim French outlined the evidence authorities say tie Tillmon to the crime. Police allege that after the shooting, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart parking lot in Lansing and met his girlfriend, driving in her car to her residence so he could "clean up." The girlfriend later dropped Tillmon at the tow yard, and another employee drove him to the Wal-Mart so he could retrieve his truck, French said. Eduardo Munoz Provided by Michele Salerno Eduardo Munoz with fiancee Michele Salerno. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, has been charged with the first-degree murder of Munoz, who was shot to death along Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. Eduardo Munoz with fiancee Michele Salerno. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, has been charged with the first-degree murder of Munoz, who was shot to death along Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. (Provided by Michele Salerno) A search of the tow truck yielded a 9 mm shell casing, along with Tillmon's green work vest emblazoned with his nickname, Hank, the prosecutor said. Witnesses described the tow truck driver wearing a green vest, French noted. Employees of the company, according to prosecutors, said Tillmon had recently showed off a pistol. Berlin said, though, that authorities have not recovered the weapon. Rory McGinty, an attorney representing Wes's, said Tillmon had been a 10-year employee with no previous incidents and a good employment record. "We've got no explanation for this," he said. He said the company has a policy that explicitly bars its drivers from carrying guns. Tillmon's mother, Willa Tillmon, reached by phone, said she didn't have a chance to talk to her son about the incident, but his boss at the towing company got him to get an attorney and turn himself in. "I don't think he meant for that to happen," she said. "It hurts, because I feel for both of them. I hate this happened. I try to put it in the hands of the Lord." Anthony Tillmon's grandmother, Anna Tillmon, 83, reached by phone at her home in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood, said he had lived with her at times growing up. He graduated high school in Bloomington and was never in gangs or in trouble to her knowledge. "He was no bad boy," she said. "He never was no trouble." Anthony Tillmon was convicted last year for speeding 15-25 mph over the limit, but otherwise had no driving citations, the Illinois secretary of state's office said. Munoz's fiancee, Michele Salerno, said at the time of the shooting he was on his way to Northlake, where he grew up and still lived, after being on the road during the week. He had a commercial driver's license in Florida, records show. Salerno said she met Munoz in fifth grade when they both attended Roy Elementary School in Northlake. He later attended West Leyden High School and had three grown children, a granddaughter and a grandson on the way, she said. Man held in lieu of $3 million bond in alleged road rage shooting on I-88 Clifford Ward and Nereida Moreno A tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver apparently engaged in a road rage argument for several miles before the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the Northlake man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. More details emerged during the bond hearing for Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing,... A tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver apparently engaged in a road rage argument for several miles before the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the Northlake man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. More details emerged during the bond hearing for Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing,... (Clifford Ward and Nereida Moreno) "We've been together for a long time. We were just talking, looking for rings, planning, finally getting at a point in our lives where we can enjoy ourselves, and this is what happens," Salerno said. "We had a lot of plans." Munoz was an active member of U-Turn Covenant Church in Northlake, according to the Rev. Larry Perez, who had known Munoz through the church for about five years. He called Munoz's death "devastating." There were two road rage shootings on the south Tri-State Tollway last year, in which vehicles were shot, but no people, Meeder said. Illinois State Police Master Sgt. Matthew Boerwinkle said there have been fewer shootings on the tollways than Chicago expressways, possibly because of greater oversight. "The tollway has a high police presence, license plate readers, and high-definition cameras that can photograph a license plate and the driver's face," he said. "It makes for a safer roadway." Meeder said Tillmon's arrest demonstrated that people who commit gun violence on Illinois expressways will be held accountable. Trucker from Northlake shot on I-88 'loved serving,' pastor says Erin Gallagher The 43-year-old man who was fatally shot last week while driving a truck on Interstate 88 in Oak Brook was remembered as hardworking, active in his church and having a big smile. Eduardo Munoz was shot about 4:05 p.m. Friday while driving east on I-88, Illinois State Police said. His fiancee, Michele... The 43-year-old man who was fatally shot last week while driving a truck on Interstate 88 in Oak Brook was remembered as hardworking, active in his church and having a big smile. Eduardo Munoz was shot about 4:05 p.m. Friday while driving east on I-88, Illinois State Police said. His fiancee, Michele... (Erin Gallagher) "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder said at a news conference after the bond hearing. DuPage County Judge Joseph Bugos ordered Tillmon held in lieu of $3 million bail. If convicted of first-degree murder, Tillmon faces a minimum sentence of 45 years in prison and a maximum term of life imprisonment. His next court appearance was set for May 22. Clifford Ward is a freelance reporter. Nereida Moreno and Robert McCoppin are Chicago Tribune reporters. Freelance reporter Erin Gallagher contributed. rmccoppin@chicagotribune.com nmoreno@chicagotribune.com Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Crime Shootings Homicide Shooting on I-88 kills Florida truck driver near Oak Brook 8 wounded in South, West Side shootings Map: Where shootings occur in Chicago Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 63°
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Markeith Loyd News Debra Clayton killing: 'I wish I could have done more,' witness says Eyewitness recounts details of Debra Clayton slaying Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  David HarrisContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Monica Pridgeon watched Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton die. Pridgeon, 34, had just ended her shift as a stocker at the Wal-Mart on Princeton Street on the morning of Jan. 9 and was getting into her car. Then, everything happened quickly: She saw a woman approach Clayton in the parking lot to tell her that slaying suspect Markeith Loyd was in the store. Shortly afterward, Loyd walked out, andPridgeon watched as Clayton confronted him. That’s when Loyd ran behind a pillar, pulled out a gun and started shooting. As Loyd walked away, Pridgeon said she ran to help the officer. “I’ve never prayed so hard in my life,” Pridgeon said. “I just kept saying, ‘Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.’ All you could do is pray. If I could have reached for her heart I’d [have] pulled it out and put it back together. I wish I could have done more.” Pridgeon was among the dozens of witnesses listed in police reports released this week from the first-degree murder case against Loyd in Clayton’s slaying. In an interview with the Orlando Sentinel on Wednesday, Pridgeon described what she saw that day and her ongoing struggle to cope. “Not a day goes by that I don’t think of Mrs. Debra,” she said. “I can be at work and just start crying. I can be driving and just start crying.” Monica Pridgeon watched OPD Lt. Debra Clayton die Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel Monica Pridgeon, 34, of Orlando holds a program Wednesday, April 26, 2017 from the funeral of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. Pridgeon witnessed the slaying of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. Pridgeon was ending her shift at the Wal-Mart when the shooting happened. She heard Clayton giving commands to Markeith Loyd and saw the whole ordeal. When she saw Clayton on the ground she "ran to her side and remained until police arrived." The shooting has had an adverse impact on her life, she said. (Red Huber/Staff Photographer ) Monica Pridgeon, 34, of Orlando holds a program Wednesday, April 26, 2017 from the funeral of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. Pridgeon witnessed the slaying of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton. Pridgeon was ending her shift at the Wal-Mart when the shooting happened. She heard Clayton giving commands to Markeith Loyd and saw the whole ordeal. When she saw Clayton on the ground she "ran to her side and remained until police arrived." The shooting has had an adverse impact on her life, she said. (Red Huber/Staff Photographer ) (Red Huber / Orlando Sentinel) Prosecutors say Loyd fired at Clayton nine times with a .40-caliber handgun, hitting her four times. The fatal shot to Clayton’s neck came as Loyd stood 3 feet from Clayton as she lay on the ground, records show. Pridgeon said she tried to call 911 but was so nervous that she “couldn’t even put my code in my phone to try to dial out anything.” She said Clayton didn’t say anything but tried to reach for her radio. Two officers quickly came and started giving Clayton medical attention. “I knew she was gone,” Pridgeon said. “Me and the two officers watched her die right there. She looked at me as she took her last breath.” Pridgeon said she doesn’t understand why Loyd kept shooting when he could have just walked away. After shooting Clayton, he “calmly walked back to his car like he was just grocery shopping,” she said. "He was really trying to get rid of her,” she said. “It was personal.” Loyd is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Clayton and his ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon in December. He also is charged with the death of an unborn child, among other charges. The shooting has taken an emotional toll on Pridgeon. She had to transfer to another Wal-Mart store because she “can’t look at that spot” in the parking lot where Clayton died. She has had trouble sleeping. “Whenever I’d close my eyes, I’d see Mrs. Debra’s face,” she said. Clayton was a regular at the store, Pridgeon said, and although they never talked, they always waved at each other. She attended Clayton’s funeral with her two children, ages 4 and 9, dressed as police officers to honor Clayton, Pridgeon said. “I dressed in my Wal-Mart uniform so Mrs. Debra would recognize me,” she said. She copes by telling people what she saw, receiving counseling and feeding off the energy of her kids. Even hugs help, she said. Pridgeon said she has to be strong for her children, no matter how overwhelming the grief is. “I have kids to take care of,” she said. “They look up to me. I’ve got to keep my life going, I’ve got to keep their lives going to give them a better life.” Pridgeon said she has always had a knack for helping people in need. When she was 9 years old, she said she saw an accident, but her mother kept driving. She cried on the way home because she wanted to help, and she vowed to do so whenever she had the chance. “I don’t want no hand claps,” she said. “I just want to be a good Samaritan.” Pridgeon said Clayton’s death took her back to the death of her adopted mother, who died of leukemia in December 2014 in a hospital bed as Pridgeon watched. She has a picture of her mother and the program from Clayton’s funeral sitting side by side on a bookshelf in her living room. “They’re both in heaven,” she said. “I’m good with that.” dharris@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5471 or @DavidHarrisOS Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Eyewitness recounts details of Debra Clayton slaying Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  Caption Teacher arrested, accused of attacking coworker in school closet A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. Caption Markeith Loyd wants Miami lawyer with track record for beating the death penalty Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Caption Officials are investigating a shooting near College Park The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Markeith Loyd All Sections News Entertainment Sports Business Classified Travel Obituaries 70°
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Police: Walmart shoplifter flees scene, dies in cliff fall by: Joy Johnston, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Apr 26, 2017 - 12:09 PM Scott Olson/Getty Images Twtter HOOD RIVER, Ore. - An Oregon man accused of shoplifting from Walmart died after falling off a cliff while trying to elude authorities, police said. >> Read more trending news The incident took place Sunday, according to OregonLive. Edwin Charge Jr., 20, and two accomplices were accused of stealing items at a Hood River Walmart. Police were called and the two accomplices were arrested, but Charge ran from the scene, according to the police account.  Charge crossed an interstate that is adjacent to a bluff. Police said they did not pursue the suspect because of the dangerous terrain, according to OregonLive. A Union Pacific railroad employee found Charge's body Monday. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Police: Walmart shoplifter flees scene, dies in cliff fall Dad learns to walk again for his daughters' sake after doctors said he… Disney workers ask company to fight for 500 Haitian refugees Facebook Live video leads to suspect in woman's death Opinion: The ESPN we used to enjoy is dead and never coming back News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   The Telegram Cyber Poll An attempt to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Health Care Act (Obamacare) was not voted on by Congress due to a lack of support. What is your position? Please select one: 1. This was a good result. I mainly support Obamacare. 2. This was not a good thing. I think Obamacare needs to be repealed and revised. 3. I feel Obamacare does not go far enough. I support universal health care coverage. 4. I don't believe the government should be involved in health insurance at all. home : local news : local news April 27, 2017 4/26/2017 4:00:00 PM Crime Watch for April 26, 2017 See what's happening in your neighborhood PETE WILSON Editor Woman charged with stealing wallet at store A Coalton woman has been charged after she reportedly admitted to stealing a man's wallet while both of them were at a Jackson convenience store several weeks ago. The crime occurred on the afternoon of Saturday, April 1, when Michael Blair of Jackson Hill Road, Jackson, reported that his wallet had been stolen while he was at the Main Express store at 279 Chillicothe St. Blair told police had laid the wallet on the counter and that when he looked again, it had disappeared. Surveillance video showed that a female who was standing beside Blair had picked up the wallet. Though the suspect was not immediately identified, police received information later that the suspect was Mindy Parsley, 32, of 13 Dixon St., Coalton. Jackson Police were able to contact her and she admitted to taking the cash ($50) from the wallet and throwing the wallet and other contents into a creek along State Route 788. Parsley was charged with Theft. Vinton County man accused of trying to steal lawnmower A warrant has been issued for the arrest of a Vinton County man who is accused of attempting to steal a lawnmower last Friday evening, April 21, from the Jackson Walmart store. The incident occurred at 7:37 p.m. when the male suspect selected a lawnmower from lawn and garden section, then attempted to return it at the service desk. When the return request was denied, he attempted to leave the store with the unpurchased lawnmower. When a store representative confronted him and attempted to detain him, he fled into the parking lot and left the property. Based on the identification he provided when he attempted to return the lawnmower at the service desk, the suspect was identified as Donald J. Shackles, 40, of 37111 Vales Mill Road, Wilkesville. Shackles was not immediately located and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Alleged shoplifter flees store, but later identified A Jackson area woman has been charged with Theft after she allegedly shoplifted last Friday evening, April 21, at the Jackson Walmart store. A Walmart store representative came to the police station at 7:37 p.m. to report a female had just exited the store and drove away from the property after being seen allegedly taking a Gatorade drink from the store without paying for it. It was also suspected she may have stolen other items and placed them in her purse. A store representative tried to detain the suspect, but she fled from the store property. Surveillance video was called up and the suspect was identified as Kimberly Carter, 27, of 202 McKitterick Ave., Jackson. A charge of Theft was filed and a warrant is being issued for her arrest. Driver cited for vehicle defects, having loaded pistol At 11:50 p.m. Wednesday, April 19, Jackson Police officers made a traffic stop on Chillicothe Street after noticing a truck had a malfunctioning exhaust system and non-functioning brake lights. The driver was identified as Jonathan Rowland, 27, no address available. Police suspected there were possibly drugs inside the truck and the canine was called and it alerted on the vehicle. Officers found a glass pipe, which police said Rowland stated he had used to smoke bath salts earlier in the day. Police also found a loaded pistol which was in a holster next to the driver as well as two snorting pen tubes. As for the vehicle, officers also determined the driver's seat was unsecured, the turn signals did not work, wires were arced inside the vehicle, and the rear tires were bald. Rowland was cited with Improper Transportation Of A Firearm In A Motor Vehicle, Possession Of Drug Paraphernalia, No Brake Light, and Driving An Unsafe Vehicle. The truck was impounded and Rowland was advised it could not be driven off the lot and would have to be towed due to its unsafe condition. Driver involved in wreck cited for DUS The Jackson Police Department was called at 4:05 p.m. Wednesday, April 19, to the scene of a two-vehicle crash on Portsmouth Street at the access to the county parking lot next to the B.J. Allison Health Building. According to police, a vehicle driven by Tiffany Ridgeway, 36, of 1981 John Hoops Road, Jackson, did not yield when pulling out of the parking lot and struck a vehicle being driven on Portsmouth Street by Carly Marcum, 35, of 2286 McCune Cemetery Road, Jackson. There were no injuries and damages were moderate to Ridgeway's vehicle and minor to Marcum's vehicle. It was determined that Marcum was driving with a suspended driver's license and she was charged with Driving Under Suspension. Man wanted on warrant allegedly had Heroin in pocket Jackson Police arrested a young Columbus late Friday afternoon, April 21, who was wanted on a warrant from his home county, but who also faces a new charge in Jackson for allegedly having Heroin in his possession. At 5:59 p.m., Jackson Police officers initiated a traffic stop on Huron Street of a van which officers felt could have been one which was seen driving away from Walmart after a theft had occurred there. The female driver told officers the van had just come from Walmart, but she produced a receipt for a purchase which had been made. However, officers learned that the male passenger, Shon A. Remy, 25, of Columbus was wanted on an outstanding warrant from the Franklin County Sheriff's Office for an alleged probation violation. In the course of his arrest, officers also found a gram of what they believed was black tar Heroin in his pants pocket. He faces a charge of felony-level charge of Possession Of Heroin and was incarcerated in the Jackson County Correctional Facility. Traffic stop leads to Marijuana charge in Jackson At 9:22 p.m. Friday, April 21, Jackson Police officers initiated a traffic stop after seeing a vehicle allegedly pull into the intersection of East Main and South streets before stopping for a red light. A traffic stop was initiated and after being told a canine would be used to sniff out drugs, a back-seat passenger, Ian Parana, 18, surrendered a baggie of Marijuana. After the canine alerted on the vehicle, a grinder, pipe and rolling papers were also surrendered or found. Parana was cited for Possession Of Marijuana. Three arrested for Intoxication outside bar Jackson Police officers were called at 2:18 a.m. Saturday, April 22, to Johnny Raughtens Night Club at 601 E. Main St. where there was the report of a possible fight in the parking lot. The incident was breaking up as officers arrived and the three men on the scene were identified as Dana Stoneking, 39, of Chandlersville, Ohio; Austin Guiler, 21, of Caldwell, Ohio; and Daniel Harris, 25, of Shinglehouse, Pennsylvania. The men were actually together, but were among those reportedly involved earlier when there were problems between them and others inside the bar before closing time. Police charged each of the three with Disorderly Conduct By Intoxication and they were released to the custody of Harris' sober wife. Woman caught shoplifting at Kroger At 8:32 p.m. Friday, April 21, Jackson Police officers were called to the Kroger store at 530 E. Main St. where store personnel had detained a female shoplifter. The woman was identified as Angel Berkley, 32, of Bidwell and she had been accused of shoplifting eight items worth a combined value of $62. She admitted to the theft and explained she wanted to buy her daughter some makeup. She said she had some money, but said she needed it to pay for bills. Lack of license tags leads to citations in Jackson A Jackson area man learned the hard way that license plates must always be displayed on a vehicle when it's being driven on the public roadways. At 7:52 p.m. Saturday, April 22, Jackson Police officers spotted a truck being driven on Bridge Street which did not appear to have any license plates displayed. A traffic stop was made at the Family Dollar store parking lot at 113 Main St. and the driver was identified as Charles R. West, 49, of 118 Eisnaugle Hollow Road, Jackson. He told officers he was aware there were no license plates on the vehicle, but said he had just picked it up after it had been worked on at a garage and he was driving straight home. He was cited for Failure To Display License Tags. Police detected the odor of Marijuana from inside the truck and it was discovered that a passenger in the vehicle, Cody A. Webb, 28, of 528 Sternberger Road, Jackson, was in possession of a Marijuana roach. Webb was cited with Possession Of Marijuana. Driver cited after hitting wreck on East Main Street Jackson Police officers were on the scene of a two-vehicle wreck which occurred on East Main Street in front of the Jackson Square Shopping Plaza at 1:24 p.m. Tuesday, April 18. A minivan driven by Leona Pierce, 53, of 11138 Chillicothe Pike, Jackson, was eastbound and stopped in traffic at the entrance to the shopping center when the vehicle was struck from behind by a sports utility vehicle, driven by Martha Helmick, 63, of 33820 Ponetown Road, Ray. Nobody was injured and the vehicular damages were minor. Police cited Helmick with Failure To Provide Assured Clear Distance Ahead. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < April > S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Welcome to Wyandotte Daily! Serving Kansas City (Wyandotte County) Kansas for over 45 years! About Wyandotte Daily Business Directory Employment News Sports Police identify two persons who died at Walmart parking lot Apr 26, 2017 Info Wyandotte Kansas City Kansas, News No comments Kansas City, Kansas, police have identified two persons who were found dead Sunday in the Walmart parking lot near 108th and Parallel Parkway. The two persons died from carbon monoxide, and the deaths now have been ruled accidental, police said. The victims were Carolyn K. Williams-Cottier, 26, of Kansas City, Kansas, and Trevor B. Roth, 30, of Dodge City, Kansas, police said. Police discovered the two about 7:33 a.m. April 23 in the Walmart parking lot, inside a vehicle. An autopsy revealed the cause of death was carbon monoxide and the deaths were ruled accidental, according to police. The case remains under investigation by the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department’s Major Case Unit. Anyone with information may call the TIPS hotline at 816-474-TIPS. Share Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Follow Wyandotte Daily Recent Posts Police identify two persons who died at Walmart parking lot Town Hall meeting National Poetry Month to be marked with program April 28 in Bonner Springs Piper results Federal court bars Olathe tax return preparer from preparing returns for others Recent Comments Joseph M. Alvarez on Retired Wyandotte High School teacher compiles new history of school Ted Farmer on Hearing on Indian Springs project canceled as developer withdraws proposal Kim Weaver on Hearing on Indian Springs project canceled as developer withdraws proposal John Campbell on Hearing on Indian Springs project canceled as developer withdraws proposal Kim Weaver on Hearing on Indian Springs project canceled as developer withdraws proposal Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 Categories Bonner Springs Business Business Solutions Calendar Communities Edwardsville Edwardsville Election 2017 Employment Events Faith Featured Kansas City Kansas Kansas City Missouri Kansas Speedway KCKCC Leavenworth News Opinions Overland Park Piper Sporting KC Sports T-Bones Turner Area UG News Weather Wyandotte County Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Place your Footer Content here Theme by ThemeZee
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Political Pulse Your political and regional news source News Politics Central Florida Political Pulse Tear down that 'liquor wall,' lawmakers say Liquor at grocery stores is OK with Florida lawmakers Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Gray RohrerContact ReporterTallahassee Bureau Privacy Policy TALLAHASSEE — Grocery store shoppers in Florida could soon pick up vodka with their vegetables or bourbon with their bread. The House on Wednesday passed a bill to end the post-Prohibition Era requirement that liquor be sold separately from groceries and other retail items. The bill also allows liquor to be sold in gas stations of more than 10,000 square feet. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott’s desk. His office said he would review it. The bill (SB 106) passed on a 58-57 vote and only after more than a hour of debate, reflecting its status as one of the most heavily lobbied measures this year. Big-box retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target have been pushing the bill for the past two years, but ABC Fine Wine and Spirits and independent liquor stores have fought it. Publix, which has gone to the expense of setting up separate liquor stores next to its main grocery stores because of the existing law, also is against the bill. Rep. Bryan Avila, R-Hialeah, the bill’s sponsor, said the law requiring liquor to be sold separately, known as the “liquor wall,” is a relic. “The only thing it does is it makes a law that was created in the 1930s in order to ease the sale of alcohol back into society after Prohibition --- all it does is repeal that law,” Avila said. “That law has outlived its day.” Opponents, however, argued it would allow people getting groceries to make impulse buys of hard liquor, increasing alcoholism and giving minors more access to liquor. Rep. Scott Plakon, R-Longwood, tried to amend the bill Tuesday to prevent stores from selling liquor if they hire clerks and cashiers younger than 21, but the amendment was rejected. “Let’s be honest about how we got here. The big-box stores wanted more money. Who wouldn’t?” Plakon said. Wal-Mart has given heavily to committees supporting several legislators and the majority parties, and one of its top lobbyists in Tallahassee, Michael Corcoran, is the brother of House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O’Lakes. Wal-Mart gave $50,000 to the Republican Party of Florida on March 6, the day before the start of the legislative session, and $7,500 to the Florida Democratic Party in September. It has also given $10,000 to Florida Roundtable, Corcoran’s political committee, and $204,000 to the Florida Senatorial Campaign Committee, led by Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart, since 2015. Publix and ABC, too, have donated generously to lawmakers. Publix gave $50,000 to Scott’s Let’s Get to Work political committee in January, and ABC gave $25,000 to the Florida Democratic Party during the 2016 campaign cycle. The bill doesn’t take effect until next year and will be phased in over three years. Starting July 1, 2018, retailers that sell groceries will be allowed to sell spirits in 25 percent of their stores in Florida, rising to half their stores in 2019 and 75 percent in 2020. The number of liquor licenses available will remain the same and will be issued at the county level at one per 7,500 residents. Dozens of owners and workers of independent liquor stores throughout the state watched the House debate on the bill Tuesday and Wednesday, wearing T-shirts opposing the measure. They fear the bill will allow large retailers to eat away at their market share. “A lot of us are going to go out of business,” said Mahesh Patel, owner of two liquor stores in Brevard County. Advocates for large retail chains say they are just responding to the market. Jason Unger, a lobbyist for Target, noted 31 other states don’t have the “liquor wall” requirement, and Target carries liquor in 15 of them. “For us, it was a matter of customer satisfaction and customer demand,” Unger said. Independent store owners, however, are looking at Scott’s veto pen as their last line of defense. “We would like to meet with the governor,’’ said Manish Shukla, owner of two liquor stores in Port St. Lucie. “The governor is our only hope.” grohrer@orlandosentinel.com or 850-222-5564 'Liquor wall' bill narrowly clears House committee » Caption Florida House and Senate must come to agreement on state budget The Florida House and Senate are having difficulty coming to an agreement on the state budget. The Florida House and Senate are having difficulty coming to an agreement on the state budget. Caption Liquor at grocery stores is OK with Florida lawmakers Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel All Sections News Entertainment Sports Business Classified Travel Obituaries 70°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Floor Coverings Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, Forecast to 2022 Floor Coverings Market 2017 In this report, the global Floor Coverings market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Floor Coverings in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India      Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1223757-global-floor-coverings-market-research-report-2017 Global Floor Coverings market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including IKEA Walmart Bed Bath & Beyond Macy’s Ahold Aldi Ashley Furniture Carrefour Continental China Crate & Barrel Fred Meyer Furniture Brands International Future Group Haworth Herman Miller Inditex Kimball International  On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into PVC Knit Pearl cotton other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Floor Coverings for each application, including Household Commercial Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1223757-global-floor-coverings-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents          Global Floor Coverings Market Research Report 2017 1 Floor Coverings Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Floor Coverings 1.2 Floor Coverings Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Floor Coverings Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Floor Coverings Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 PVC 1.2.4 Knit 1.2.5 Pearl cotton 1.2.6 other 1.3 Global Floor Coverings Segment by Application 1.3.1 Floor Coverings Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Household 1.3.3 Commercial 1.4 Global Floor Coverings Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Floor Coverings Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Floor Coverings (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Floor Coverings Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Floor Coverings Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ……… 7 Global Floor Coverings Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 IKEA 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 IKEA Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Walmart 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Walmart Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Bed Bath & Beyond 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Bed Bath & Beyond Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Macy’s 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Macy’s Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Ahold 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Ahold Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Aldi 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Aldi Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Ashley Furniture 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Ashley Furniture Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Carrefour 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Carrefour Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Continental China 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Continental China Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 Crate & Barrel 7.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.10.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.10.2.1 Product A 7.10.2.2 Product B 7.10.3 Crate & Barrel Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.11 Fred Meyer 7.12 Furniture Brands International 7.13 Future Group 7.14 Haworth 7.15 Herman Miller 7.16 Inditex 7.17 Kimball International Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1223757 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemicals & Materials, Floor Coverings, Floor Coverings Analysis, Floor Coverings Industry, Floor Coverings Market, Floor Coverings Segmentation, Floor Coverings Share, Floor Coverings Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious We All Have Baggage, But We Shouldn’t Have to Pay For It Next PostNext New Colombia Resources Inc. Issues Letter to Shareholder Search Recent Posts Icertis Expands Global Presence, Appoints Former IBM Executive to Head EMEA Operations £2.9m Renovation Pays Off with Prestigious Industry Recognition for The Mount Hotel Aroma Bravo Honduras Coffee Aims To Become the Top Choice on Amazon.com The Morisey-Dart Group Welcomes Veteran Retail Executive Search Leader Mickey Kampsen and Expands into the Retail Global Sourcing and Merchandising Sector Aircraft Hydraulic System Market Growth – Key Futuristic Trends and Competitive Landscape 2017-2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in metro Mayoral candidates trash de Blasio at Republican forum De Blasio’s $6B construction plan balloons budget to record high ‘Anti-Semitic’ politician tricks critics into raising money... Mall struggling to find amicable solution to bird poop problem Woman awarded $850K for horrific dog bite Man who stabbed tourist in Times Square gets plea deal Temporary span for crumbling Kosciuszko Bridge set to open Wall Street financier busted for $800K fake loan scheme Cuomo demands Amtrak step up and fix Penn Station ‘debacle’ NYC is the best at finding homes for abandoned pets: report Cuomo announces major crackdown on bloodthirsty MS-13 gang Probation officer busted for sexually abusing client Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy ‘Drunk’ cop gets stiffer charges for killing woman in crash By Daniel Prendergast View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 26, 2017 | 2:18pm Modal Trigger Vanessa Raghubar (left) and the scene of the accident on Van Wyck Expressway. Facebook ; G.N. Miller More On: manslaughter Lake George crash survivor recalls young girl's final moments Mom found guilty in vodka death of disabled son Man who killed Walmart diaper thief charged with manslaughter 'She went through hell': Parents charged in abused girl's death The police officer who caused a fatal car accident while driving drunk down a Queens highway has been hit with stiffer charges, officials said Wednesday. The Queens District Attorney’s office announced it heaped the upgraded charges — including vehicular manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide — on Officer Neville Smith after a 22-year-old woman died from injuries sustained in the accident. Smith, 32, who works in the 48th Precinct in The Bronx, was driving a Mercedes south on the Van Wyck Expressway when he rear-ended a Honda near Rockaway Boulevard around 4 a.m.Sunday, authorities said. The Honda struck a tree and light pole. The driver, Vanessa Raghubar, 22, of Elmont, LI, was rushed to Jamaica Hospital in critical condition and died on Monday. Raghubar’s 21-year-old sister Maria was a passenger in the car and was seriously injured, as was a 20-year-old man, officials said. Vanessa was acting as the group’s designated driver after a night out with family and friends celebrating her sister’s birthday. Smith suffered only minor head and neck injuries. He was arraigned from his hospital bed and ordered held on $300,000, according to the Queens DA’s office. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under dwi ,  manslaughter ,  nypd ,  queens Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Truck driver in fatal limo crash gets off easy Read Next Truck driver in fatal limo crash gets off easy Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 68,431 'Stealthing' is the newest dangerous sex trend 43,072 Colin Cowherd: This 'awful' day is only the beginning for ESPN 32,070 Melania 'never wanted this': report 15,917 Teacher accused of having threesome with student found not guilty Columnists Steve Cuozzo First look at newly rebooted and renamed Four Seasons Claire Atkinson 'Hair Goddess' reality show to spotlight Staten Island family SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On Barbra Streisand blames sexism for Hillary’s election loss Pulitzer Prize winner Colson Whitehead working on next book Schools pushing back against Netflix hit ‘13 Reasons Why’ SEE ALL Video Melania Trump is the first lady of fashion More Stories page six Al Pacino, 77, gets handsy with girlfriend, 37 Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost 'Stealthing' is the newest dangerous sex trend New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Walmart beefs up Bluebird with money transfers, lowers Walmart2Walmart rates PayThink First Data's debit network has unrealized potential Wirecard powers prepaid card for blood plasma donors Bento adopts i2c’s platform for small-business expense card Amazon targets subscription sales with self-service merchant portal search goes here Walmart beefs up Bluebird with money transfers, lowers Walmart2Walmart rates By David Heun Published April 26 2017, 1:33pm EDT More in Prepaid cards Money transfers Retailers Walmart Print Email Reprints Share Share on Walmart adjusted two of its long-standing, in-house offerings this week, saying it was lowering the rates for its domestic Walmart2Walmart money transfer service and adding a digital money transfer service with Bluebird2Walmart. These changes complement the retail giant's other recent moves in payments, such as the launch of its mobile Walmart Pay service and its support of Chase Pay, as well as its addition of Visa Checkout to the company's e-commerce options. Limited Time Offer Save over $700 on your subscription. Special offer expires April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day Grilling Recipes 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest Could This Be Starbucks' New Secret Drink? This 101 Cheese Pizza is a Masterpiece Anthony Bourdain Thinks This Airport Has the Best Food 10 Foods Expectant Moms Have Eaten to Induce Labor Dairy Company Has Kids Imagine Food Additives as Monsters, then Animates Them This Gigantic, 4-Story Starbucks Is Coming to Chicago Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending Scientists May Be Able to Test Food Safety With a Smartphone Meet the Competitive Eater Who Scarfed Down 255 Peeps in 5 Minutes A New Way to Get Food to Those in Need: Help Them Grow It Home News Previous You'll Soon be Able to Listen to the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Soundtrack Through a Doritos Bag Next Twinkies Now Come in Chocolate Watch George Clooney Speed Through the Streets with Kermit the Frog in Search of Coffee Latest Could This Be Starbucks' New Secret Drink? This 101 Cheese Pizza is a Masterpiece Anthony Bourdain Thinks This Airport Has the Best Food 10 Foods Expectant Moms Have Eaten to Induce Labor Dairy Company Has Kids Imagine Food Additives as Monsters, then Animates Them This Gigantic, 4-Story Starbucks Is Coming to Chicago Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending Scientists May Be Able to Test Food Safety With a Smartphone Meet the Competitive Eater Who Scarfed Down 255 Peeps in 5 Minutes A New Way to Get Food to Those in Need: Help Them Grow It © Rainer Hosch By F&W Editors Posted April 26, 2017 The man needs his coffee. George Clooney is a man desperate for a cup of coffee. At least that’s how it looks in the new ad he’s in for Nespresso. The spot, which features Clooney racing through old movies from Psycho to Smokey and the Bandit to The Muppet Movie to get to the nearest Nespresso shop (which seems to be about 2000 miles away), is the newest go-round for the two time World’s Sexiest Man as Nespresso’s brand ambassador after a campaign that saw him making a gentleman out of Danny DeVito.   The Nespresso ads are part of a continuing trend of A-list actors putting their names behind products. Years ago Clooney, and lots of other stars at his level, stayed away from doing commercials (at least in the U.S.—Clooney starred in a series of Japanese ads for Kirin beer, for example). But celebrities have come around on advertising. Even the Swedish Chef is becoming a fuzzy, incomprehensible spokesman now.  Related Scarlett Johansson's Celebrity Crushes Are Both Chefs Baristas Reveal How They Really Feel When You Don’t Tip for Coffee Chef Curtis Stone Swears By This Coffee Maker As for the actual coffee the future father of twins is chasing in the ad, it’s part of a rollout of Nespresso capsules for the company’s new VertuoPlus machine that people in the Food & Wine office have actually enjoyed quite a bit. Now if we only had Clooney’s silver fox good looks we’d really be going places. Check out the full ad below and for more coffee recommendations see the rest of the ways the F&W team likes to brew its morning cup here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imuc2dEuuAY&feature=youtu.be   Previous You'll Soon be Able to Listen to the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Soundtrack Through a Doritos Bag Next Twinkies Now Come in Chocolate The Dish Receive delicious recipes and smart wine advice 4x per week in this e-newsletter. Sign Up The Wine List Weekly pairing plus best bottles to buy. F&W Daily One sensational dish served fresh every day. Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Easter Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart Cuts Money Transfer Fees By Paul Ausick April 26, 2017 11:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) announced Wednesday morning that it is cutting fees beginning today on its Walmart2Walmart money transfer service. Next month the company plans to introduce another transfer service, Bluebird2Walmart. Both programs allow the store’s customers to send money to another Wal-Mart location in the United States and Puerto Rico where the recipient can present identification and pick up the cash. The new fees for Walmart2Walmart transfers reduce the cost of the transfers by 20% to 90% compared to the leading competitor, according to the press release. Wal-Mart kicked off its Walmart2Walmart transfer program in April 2014. Euronet Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ: EEFT) subsidiary Ria provides the service as a licensed money transfer operator and Walmart is Ria’s authorized agent. According to Wal-Mart, it will now cost $4 to send $50 to another store, $8 to send $250 to $1,000, and $16 to send $1,250 to $2,500. Comparable rates at Western Union Co. (NYSE: WU) are $5 to send $50, $12.50 to $86 to send $250 to $1,000, and $25 to $176 to send $1,250 to $2,500. The Bluebird2Walmart service that begins next month is an extension of Wal-Mart’s Bluebird service offered in conjunction with American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP). This service requires that a consumer establishes a Bluebird account with Wal-Mart. Receivers do not need a Bluebird account to pick up the transferred money at a nearby Wal-Mart store. Wal-Mart said that since its creation in 2014, Walmart2Walmart transfers have saved its customers nearly $500 million in service fees. Wal-Mart stock traded up about 0.9% shortly before noon Wednesday at $75.76, a new 52-week high. The stock’s 52-week low is $62.72 and the consensus price target is $74.42. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « AbbVie, Celgene and 2 More Major Biotechs Reporting Earnings Thursday What to Expect From Alphabet, Amazon, and More Major Tech Companies Reporting Thursday » Read more: Retail, Personal Finance, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Western Union (NYSE:WU) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty States With the Worst Roads America's Six-Figure Jobs Oldest County in Every State States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Recent How New Prospects Are Pushing PayPal to New Highs Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 DDR Corp., New York Community Bank Sink into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Verizon, United Technologies Prop Up DJIA on Wednesday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things GameStop Wants Investors to Know About the Video Game Retail Market Better Buy: Home Depot vs. Lowe's All Fun and Games for Hasbro Earnings Dollar drops 0.5% against Canadian dollar to C$1.35445 on U.S. Nafta reassurance Dollar slides 1.1% against Mexico peso to 18.96 after news U.S. won't terminate Nafta Weight Watchers jumps 11% as new CEO Mindy Grossman announced Amazon Q1 Earnings Preview: How Much Will AWS Grow? New Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Stocks Surging Higher NutriSystem Posts Q1 Earnings Beat, Forecasts Double-Digit Sales Growth for 2017 Trump's plan to slash business taxes seen as 'guidepost' by congressional Republicans Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House Judge says Exxon owes $19.95 million for Texas refinery pollution Trump Tells Canada, Mexico, He Won't Terminate NAFTA Treaty Yet United CEO: Dragging incident may sway fliers' airline pick United to Offer Passengers Up to $10,000 to Surrender Seats Obama's $400,000 Wall Street Speech Is Completely In Character The Metropolitan Museum Of Art Might Start Charging Out-Of-Towners Admission New Heineken Ad Shows Power Of Connecting Across Political Divides Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Sanford sex offender arrested, accused of kidnapping, battering teen, cops say Samuel Hardy Sanford Police Department Samuel Lee Hardy Jr is accused of kidnapping and sexually battering a 15-year-old girl outside a Sanford Wal-Mart, according to Sanford police. Hardy is a registered sex offender. Samuel Lee Hardy Jr is accused of kidnapping and sexually battering a 15-year-old girl outside a Sanford Wal-Mart, according to Sanford police. Hardy is a registered sex offender. (Sanford Police Department) Stephanie Allen Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Sanford police on Tuesday arrested a convicted sex offender accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old girl and forcing her to have sex with him, officials say. Samuel Lee Hardy Jr., 48, was linked to the Feb. 8 incident outside a Wal-Mart store on South Orlando Drive after officials tested DNA from a rape kit, according to Sanford police. He faces charges of kidnapping, forced sexual battery with a weapon and violation of probation, according to police. He was being held in the John E. Polk Correctional Facility in Sanford without bail. The teen told investigators she was walking through the parking lot about 4 p.m. that day when she passed a man sitting in a vehicle, according to police. The man tried to talk with her, police said, before ordering her at knife-point to get inside the vehicle. He drove the teen to an area near Washington Oaks Park and then forced her to have sex with him, according to police. He eventually drove her back to the Wal-Mart and told her not to tell anyone, police said. Testing conducted on the rape kit from the case later identified Hardy as the girl’s attacker, a police spokeswoman said. State records show Hardy was released from prison in February 2016 after serving a six-year sentence after being convicted on charges that he had sex with a minor. Details about that incident weren’t immediately available. The records show that after being released from prison, Hardy was placed on sex-offender probation and told officials he was living in a home on Cypress Avenue in Sanford. Detectives were asking anyone with information about the incident, or who might have had a similar encounter with Hardy, to call Crimeline at 407-423-8477. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Arrest made in death of 15-year-old girl found by side of road Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings announces an arrest made in the death of 15-year-old  Melanie Mesen Medina. Caption Eyewitness recounts details of Debra Clayton slaying Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  Wal-Mart employee Monica Pridgeon describes witnessing the shooting of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton.  Caption Teacher arrested, accused of attacking coworker in school closet A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. A teacher at Parkway Middle School was arrested Wednesday on accusations that he put another employee in a closet and battered her, according to the Osceola County Sheriff’s Office. Caption Markeith Loyd wants Miami lawyer with track record for beating the death penalty Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Markeith Loyd has asked a judget to appoint for him Terry Lenamon, a Miami lawyer who's handled 14 death penalty cases. Caption Officials are investigating a shooting near College Park The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. The Orange County Sheriff's Office is investigating a deputy-involved shooting near College Park. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Sanford All Sections News Entertainment Sports Business Classified Travel Obituaries 70°
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Many Americans Are Amazon Prime Members? A new estimate puts the number at 80 million Prime members each spending an average of $1,300 per year. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 26, 2017 at 10:06AM Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Prime continues to grow in the United States. In fact, according to data from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP), membership to the program that costs $99 a year or $10.99 a month has doubled in the United States over the last two years. The research firm estimates that Amazon now has 80 million U.S. Prime members. That's an increase from an estimated 58 million members at the end of the same period in 2016, or 38% growth in a single year. Amazon itself does not provide a Prime enrollment count. "While slower growth is expected as it reaches natural limits, Amazon had a surprisingly strong quarter," according to CIRP founder Josh Lowitz, who was quoted in a press release. "Membership grew 8% in the most recent quarter, compared to 7% growth on a smaller base in the year-ago quarter ending in March 2016." Amazon has its own fleet of planes. Image source: Amazon. Why is this important to Amazon? While Amazon has expanded Prime's offerings to include its streaming video and audio services, its core benefit remains free two-day shipping. That's a perk that not only draws people to the service, it encourages them to use it. Because of that, Prime members spend an average of $1,300 a year compared to the $700 annually spent by Amazon customers who do not join Prime, CIRP reported. About 60% of Amazon's total customer base in the U.S. pays for Prime, according to CIRP. The service's continued growth has likely been fueled by the online retailer offering the option to pay for it monthly, rather than plunking down $99 all at once. Of course, $10.99 times 12 equals $133.88, so not paying up front will cost you quite a bit more, but clearly that works for some people. Just over one quarter (26%) of U.S. Prime members have opted for the monthly charge, according to CIRP. That payment option has been around for just over a year.  "We think that the monthly membership option appeals to the later Prime adopters, with a smaller, potentially temporary commitment, that ultimately yields a long term commitment," said Lowitz. "With smaller dollar, single month decisions, the new plan winds up helping with retention rates, which already average 85% for a member renewing after their first year." Keeping competitors at bay The more a person takes advantage of using his or her Prime membership for free shipping, the better value it becomes for him or her. That encourages people to shop on Amazon whenever possible, which makes it hard for any broad retailer to compete with the company. Because of that, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Amazon's closest competitor, dropped its own $50-a-year Prime-like ShippingPass program and now offers free two-day delivery on any qualifying order over $35. That's a bold, expensive bet by Wal-Mart to try to get non-Prime members to shop on WalMart.com, and perhaps to convince Prime members they don't need to pay a fee for free shipping. The problem for Wal-Mart is that being able to order pretty much anything you want for two-day delivery without having to hit a price threshold makes Prime very attractive. In addition to not requiring a minimum order, Prime also has over 50 million available items while Wal-Mart's free shipping offer only has a little over 2 million. Amazon has also tied some customers to the Prime ecosystem by adding further convenience with its DASH, single-click, Internet-connected ordering buttons and by enabling purchasing through voice command with its Alexa-equipped devices. DASH buttons go near where consumable items are used, allowing consumers to place orders for things like dish-washing liquid or toilet paper before they run out. Alexa is in Amazon's Echo family of devices, which can be addressed with simple voice commands that can make buying as simple as talking. Amazon is well-positioned Prime growth may level off and even stop at some point as Amazon saturates the U.S. market. It's hard, however, to envision a scenario where Wal-Mart, or any other competitor, takes away a meaningful chunk of business or consumers start opting to not renew Prime. Amazon has set the standard for reliable two-day shipping and for having a wide selection of available items. It has also continually sweetened the deal for Prime members with added perks like its video and audio services as well as a number of lesser-known add-ons including unlimited photo storage, one- or two-hour delivery in some markets, and many more. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 26, 2017 at 10:06AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.43 up $0.38 (0.51%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $909.29 up $1.67 (0.18%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Amazon's Clothing Success Could Doom Department Stores and Malls Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Many Americans Are Amazon Prime Members? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart reduces prices on money transfers April 26, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart is making its cheaper and faster for its customers to send money.   The retailer is adding new “rollback” fees to its Walmart2Walmart money transfer program. The new fees, beginning Wednesday, April 26, save customers between 20% and 90% on cash transfers versus the leading competitor, according to Walmart.  For example, shoppers sending $250 will pay $8 through the new program, compared to fees that could range between $12.50 and $24 on Western Union, the retailer reported.   The program also features transparent national pricing in all Walmart stores compared to other leading competitors that may vary prices location by location, according to the retailer.    Walmart2Walmart, which is supported by electronic payment and transaction processing solutions provider Ria, launched three years ago this week.   In move to streamline wire transfers, Walmart will launch its Bluebird2Walmart Money Transfer Service in May. The program will allow accountholders of Bluebird – a checking and debit alternative – to digitally send money for cash pickup at Walmart locations.    Accountholders can access the new service by visiting Bluebird.com or by using the Bluebird app on their smartphone. Money receivers do not need a Bluebird Account, and can pick up their funds at any Walmart store within minutes of the online transfer. Pricing will coincide with the new Walmart2Walmart prices.   “For the millions of customers who rely upon transferring money to help family and friends – whether regularly or in times of urgent need – we know saving money on costly fees can make a big difference,” said Kirsty Ward, VP, Walmart Services. “Now, with even lower fees for Walmart2Walmart, as well as the option to send money digitally with Bluebird, we continue to deliver on our mission to save customers’ money, as well as time.”   Both services come on the heels of enhancements Walmart made to its app, which enable shoppers to conduct wire transfers directly through their smart device at a dedicated express lane inside the store, the retailer said.  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Fashion retailer closing all stores PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival Sears Holdings gives update on restructuring, real estate and finances Harris Poll: The retail brands of the year are… President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Camper, Westfield, World Trade Center, New York City Camper, the contemporary footwear brand based in Spain, stays true to its tradition of creating unique store experiences for shoppers at each of its locations and at its new outpost in Manhattan.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
[ Login ]   [ Register ] Home News Commercial Real Estate The Pipeline Residential Real Estate Restaurants Banking/Finance DealFlow Trading Day Retail Startups Marketing & Advertising The Pitch Education Healthcare Law Nonprofits The Herd Breweries The List BizSense Pro Breaking Ground The DeedBook The Docket Foreclosures Moving Day New Licenses The R&D Dept. BizSense Pro Overview BizSense Pro Support Advertise About Us Learn About BizSense Meet the Staff BizSense Events Book a Speaker Internships Midlothian shopping center saved from foreclosure J. Elias O'Neal April 26, 2017 0 The 31,000-square-foot Shops at Stonehenge is 94 percent occupied. (J. Elias O’Neal) A last-minute loan payoff from its Texas-based owner helped a Southside retail strip narrowly avoid the auction block earlier this month. A foreclosure sale of The Shops at Stonehenge property at 2013-2077 Walmart Way in Midlothian was called off just days before its scheduled date of April 7, after Fort Worth, Texas-based Melhi Richmond Properties paid off an overdue $3.03 million balance. That’s according to a report from Trepp, which tracks commercial mortgage-backed securities loans. Trepp found that Melhi Richmond Properties made the payout before an April 1 deadline. It’s the second time this year the landlord thwarted a threat of auction on the Shops at Stonehenge property. The owner paid $800,000 toward its balance in February – the first time its lender attempted foreclosure. At 31,000 square feet, the Shops at Stonehenge houses national and regional tenants such as Q Barbecue, Cato Fashion and Windows Depot. It is wedged between a Sam’s Club and a Walmart Supercenter, neither of which were part of the foreclosure. Terms of the payoff were not publicly disclosed. Melhi Richmond could not be reached for comment Tuesday afternoon. The strip center was built during the height of the real estate boom in 2006. It most recently was assessed by the county at $6.5 million and had a 94 percent occupancy rate during the first quarter of 2016, according to Trepp. Its rent revenue and total operating expenses for 2015 were $350,000 and $132,000, respectively. That’s down from its peak rent revenue of $614,000 in 2008. POSTED IN » Commercial Real Estate, News, Top News About the author: J. Elias O'Neal View all posts by J. Elias O'Neal J. Elias O'Neal is a BizSense reporter covering commercial real estate, restaurants, breweries and other beats. He can be reached [email protected] and (804) 554-6545. Editor's Picks Bingo: Comfort, Saison owners line up bar-arcade site in Scott’s Addition Milkman makes a comeback as dairy company arrives in Richmond Concrete couple lists Henrico mansion for $2.5M Threesome of local golf courses on the market Most Commented Plan in place to revamp Woody’s Auto property on Boulevard (11) Another Boulevard site fetches seven-figure price tag (9) Ad vet, video producer join forces with new firm (7) Proffer change requests contribute to county backlog; policy to be revised (7) Ad agency leaves the burbs for Scott’s Addition (6) Leave A Response » Click here to cancel reply. Please use your real, full name (first and last) and a valid email address to foster a more civil discussion. Comments without first and last name may not be approved. We encourage active participation in our online community, but we reserve the right to remove any off topic or inappropriate comments. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment    Copyright © 2017 - Richmond BizSense - All Rights Reserved
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » Sunday Morning Thrifting: Profiting from second-hand clothes 60 Minutes - Business Bloomberg Newsmakers The Judge 60 Minutes Sports America's Steeplechase CBS Evening News Trump's tax plan CBS Evening News Congress on tax plans CBS Evening News North Korea briefing CBS Evening News Young GOPers on Trump CBS Evening News Marines and machines CBS Evening News Fox News lawsuit CBS Evening News Infrastructure headaches CBS Evening News Jonathan Demme dead CBS This Morning Marines test high-tech weapons CBS This Morning Trump approval rating: historic low CBS This Morning Serena Williams on pregnancy CBS This Morning Reusing wedding flowers Health - Wednesday How to leave a lasting impression Health - Wednesday Time 100 Gala CBS This Morning Cheerleader for literature CBS Evening News Flynn's Russia payments Money The biggest winners under Donald Trump's tax plan Money The best deals for shoppers in May Money 11 financial goals to hit before you’re 50 Money 5 lies your banker may tell you Money Feds: Big mortgage servicer illegally foreclosed on homeowners Money Biggest money worries keeping Americans up at night Money What to do (and not do) if the IRS audits you Money 5 grocery shopping tricks for extremely committed savers Money Which cars will most likely last for 200,000 miles? Money Can your airline credit card keep you from getting bumped? Money That parking ticket could be a scam Money Your tax return isn't due April 18 DealNews April 26, 2017, 5:00 AM The best deals for shoppers in May Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email By Benjamin Glaser/DealNews From Mother’s Day to Memorial Day, May is a busy month for retailers and shoppers alike. In addition to being the unofficial start of the summer, it also marks the month we start spending more time outdoors. But before you purchase a new grill or try on any summer apparel, you’ll want to read this guide, which points out some of the best (and worst) products to buy this month. So-called “Memorial Day sales” have now crept all the way to the start of May. We see them beginning four weeks early! But 90 percent of Memorial Day deals still come out in the week leading up to the holiday -- including 90 percent of the Editors’ Choice deals -- so you’re safe waiting. While many sales will tease you with deals on summer clothing, the best savings will actually be on spring apparel. (Summer apparel is always cheaper during the months of August and September, when retailers are trying to clear any inventory consumers didn’t buy.) We expect to see deals from Uniqlo, Macy’s, Amazon, Saks Fifth Avenue, Sierra Trading Post, Gap and Eddie Bauer. Look for discounts of 20 percent to 90 percent off. Meanwhile, designer brands like Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and Cole Haan will also offer discounts, which will range from 30% to 50%. However, you won’t want to settle for a mere sale price because most stores will also have coupons offering steeper discounts. Look for coupons taking up to an extra 40 percent off. Saks Fifth Avenue has offered free shipping on some orders with a coupon, as did Eddie Bauer. Expect to see accessories like leather belts from $3 (low by $27), casual linen dresses from $9 (low by $33) and men’s casual shirts from $4 (low by $46). Play Video Sunday Morning Cashing out: Mellody Hobson on how to save when you spend Financial pundits have long predicted our transformation to a "cashless society." That trend may be great for banks and credit card companies, bu... Appliances and cookware Last year, over 20 percent of all Memorial Day weekend sales were for home items, including appliances and kitchen supplies. Williams-Sonoma and Chef’s Catalog will be cutting prices by 60 percent and 70 percent, respectively. Also look for big sales from Sears, JCPenney and Cymax. These sales will drop a countertop convection oven (toaster oven) to $45 (low by $20) and upright vacuums from $75 (low by $25). Dishwashers start at $295 ($165 off), and washers start at $300. Party supplies You’ve got a long season of barbecues, cookouts and get-togethers ahead of you, so save money by buying in bulk to prepare. Check Memorial Day sales at superstores like Amazon, Walmart, Target and Jet.com, where you might be able to get a coupon for 10 percent off everything. Then stockpile paper dishes, cups, paper towels and whatever else you need to entertain. If you want to make a seasonal trip to a warehouse store like Sam’s Club or Costco, but you don’t have a membership, you might not need one. See how you can get day passes or store credit to these discount clubs. Mattresses It’s not just the prices that make May such a great time to buy a mattress, it’s the number of choices. Memorial Day brings big sales in which stores will offer discounts on large selections of their mattresses, not just individual items. If you’re flexible on the specific type of mattress you buy, then don’t settle for anything less than 50 percent off. Also look for stackable coupons, which could take 10 percent to 40 percent off already-discounted items. Retailers to follow include Sears, JCPenney, Overstock, Macy’s and US-Mattress. Play Video CBSN New "Star Wars" trailer has been released The newest addition to the "Star Wars" saga has debuted. "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" opens on Christmas Day, and CBS' Vladimir Duthiers is as exci... Star Wars sales May 4 is Star Wars Day. (Get it? “May the fourth be with you!”) And we see a ton of deals on toys and other merchandise in honor of this completely fan-created holiday. Last year, we saw lots of deals on Star Wars figurines in particular, from bobbleheads to action figures. Look for deals of at least 30 percent off, dropping bundles of figurines to under $20. Home and office furniture Need a new desk or wheeled chair? We saw a huge burst of deals on office furniture in May, with a ton of all-time price lows. It’s unclear exactly why, but some say it’s because many people are setting up home offices after tax day in April. Ohers think it’s stores clearing out indoor furniture as attention shifts to outdoor items. In addition to predictable stores like Office Depot, Staples, Walmart and Target, be sure to check out Quill, another office-supply store with great deals on its in-house furniture brand. At these retailers, look for spacious laminate desks from $60 (low by $20) and high-backed executive wheeled chairs from $50 (low by $100). Spring is also the time when stores clear out their home furniture inventory to make way for new lines. Look to Rooms to Go and Cymax for 10 percent to 20 percent off dining and living room sets. Walmart will have shelving and entertainment centers from $13 (low by $10). Nontraditional Mother’s Day gifts As we get closer and closer to the second Sunday in May, traditional gifts will get more and more expensive. This includes jewelry, perfume and certain women’s clothing items -- not to mention the ubiquitous Mother’s Day brunch. In stead of splurging on something generic, try something personal instead. Photo printing is always a great way to preserve memories, and last year, Walgreens offered an 8x10 photo enlargement print absolutely free (a low by $4). Online photo printing sites charge for shipping but offer free magnets, art prints and more. As for brunch, remember that breakfast in bed and a bottle of prosecco will save you a bundle over a bottomless mimosa prix fixe in a restaurant. And if the weather’s good, head to a local park for a picnic or a stroll. Swimsuits May has three times as many swimwear deals as April and twice the Editors’ Choice deals as June. Get women’s suits for as little as $3 before they triple in price next month. Check Walmart, Kmart and Dick’s Sporting Goods for deals. 3 things to avoid in May Laptops Although you can currently get a 15” mainstream Intel laptop for about $380 to $400, in the coming weeks that same laptop might be 17 percent cheaper or include a free store credit. That’s because late June traditionally marks the start of back-to-school sales, and some online offers will be available to anyone (even if shoppers don’t have an .edu email address). Grills We know it’s grilling season, and maybe you invited a bunch of people over for a Memorial Day cookout. But grill prices are at their peak right now because of that demand. If you already have a grill, see if you can safely get one more season out of it before replacing it around Labor Day, when prices will drop over 30 percent. Mattresses? This is a bit of an upset, because as we noted above, May is the best month of the year for mattress sales. But while June has far fewer big sales, it does have some really amazing individual deals on specific mattresses. Some people think mattress stores clear out their showrooms in May, so maybe June sees sales on the stragglers that really need to move. In any event, we saw a Serta Perfect Sleeper mattress set for $600 (low by $900), plus a memory foam mattress for just $119 (low by $50). So if you want a specific mattress and it’s on sale in May, buy it then. If you don’t care so much what kind of mattress you get, wait until June. Notable stores Rooms to Go: With everything from complete dining and living room sets to mattresses, this furniture store shines around Memorial Day. Look for dining room sets from $500 (low by $200) and bedroom sets from $688 (low by $212). Best Buy: What makes Best Buy stand out this month isn’t just its Memorial Day deals. It’s actually one of the top spots for Star Wars merch on May the Fourth. Look for figurines, gaming controllers and appliances all branded with your favorite Jedi and Sith. Also from DealNews:  Should You Upgrade Your Sleep With a Tempur-Pedic or Memory Foam Mattress? Here’s The Best Time to Book a Flight for Every Holiday What You Do (and Don’t) Have to Pay for When You Attend a Wedding Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Who are the winners and losers in Trump's tax plan? Why billionaire Chris Sacca is "retiring" at age 42 Uber wants to "fast forward" to flying cars ESPN cuts 100 on-air personalities, writers amid viewership decline Trump's tax plan is tall on promises, short on details Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 5 signs you're no longer middle class 47699 Views The 10 retailers most likely to fail in 2017 Architect picks for the 14 best homes of the year 9 college majors with the biggest gender pay gap 10 cities where a comfortable life is affordable Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 58° Full Menu 58° Customer Service Customer Service e-Edition BeeBuzzPoints About Us About Us Contact Us Apps Newsletters Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube News in Education (NIE) Local Sacramento Region Arena City Beat Local Govt Salary Database Crime Education Environment Health & Medicine Transportation Traffic Conditions Weather Marcos Breton Communities Elk Grove Folsom/El Dorado Roseville/Placer Yolo Sports Sports Kings Kings Corner with Jason Jones NBA News 49ers with Matt Barrows Giants Oakland A's High School Sports Joe Davidson Ailene Voisin Andy Furillo More Sports Raiders NFL News MLB News River Cats Soccer Colleges Golf Auto Racing Politics Politics Capitol Alert State Workers Local Elections PoliGRAPH State Worker Salary Database Legislative Gifts Dan Walters Dan Morain Investigations Investigations Data Tracker Public Eye Afghan Refugees Nursing Homes Opinion Opinion Editorials Viewpoints California Forum Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Jack Ohman Columnists Dan Morain Shawn Hubler Foon Rhee Erika D. Smith Joyce Terhaar Editorial Board Entertainment Entertainment & Life Arts & Theater Books Home & Garden with Debbie Arrington Movies Music Outdoors Pets Travel More Entertainment Events Calendar Horoscopes Comics Puzzles TV Listings Food & Drink Food & Drink Restaurant News Dining Reviews Restaurant Directory Cooking & Recipes Beer Wine Appetizers Blog California California Marijuana Water & Drought Lottery Business Business Real Estate Market Summary Cathie Anderson Nation & World Nation & World National World Technology Family Celebrities TV news Weird News Video Break Obituaries News Obituaries Death Notices FAQ ObitMessenger In Memoriam Local Deals Today's Deal Shopping Grocery Coupons Weekly Ads The Sacramento Bee Store Golf Card Farm to Fork Dining Card Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Place an Ad Advertise These pan-griddled sweet potatoes are drizzled with miso ginger sauce (See recipe, Page 2D). MEREDITH HEUER The New York Times Recipes April 24, 2017 5:21 PM The hippies have won – on our plates and in our kitchen By Christine Muhlke The New York Times It’s Moosewood’s world. We’re just eating in it. Consider granola: The word used to be a derogatory term. Now it’s a supermarket category worth nearly $2 billion a year. Kombucha was something your art teacher might have made in her basement. The company GT’s Kombucha brews more than 1 million bottles annually and sells many of them at Wal-Mart and Safeway. And almond milk? You can add it to your drink at 15,000 Starbucks locations for 60 cents. Just as yoga and meditation have gone mainstream (and let’s not get started on designer Birkenstocks), so have ideas and products surrounding health, wellness and eating that play like a flashback to the early 1970s. Co-op staples of that time – the miso, tahini, dates, seeds, turmeric and ginger that were absorbed from other cultures and populated the Moosewood restaurant cookbooks – now make appearances at some of the most innovative restaurants in the country, where menus are built around vegetables and heritage grains. Vegetarianism and veganism are on the rise; and kale, the bacon of the clean-eating moment, is now routinely heaped on salad plates across the land. The hippies may not have won the election, but they are winning the plate. (Or rather, the bowl.) “The counterculture is always ahead of what’s happening in mainstream culture,” said Peter Meehan, the editorial director of Lucky Peach magazine. “It’s as true in any creative field as it is in food.” Deborah Madison, the author and chef who made vegetarian cooking sophisticated with her 1987 cookbook, “Greens,” has seen this food before: She cooked it in the 1960s and ‘70s, as one of “a growing number of people who were trying to cook differently from our parents,” she said. “Our intentions were good,” Madison continued. “We were using wholesome foods in contrast to our mothers’ new reliance on cake mixes, white flour, TV dinners and that sort of thing.” The problem, she said, was that her generation did not know much about cooking. “What we cooked was very much on the stodgy side,” she said. “Today the same foods are now seen as interesting and delicious and worth eating. We can appreciate their flavors, textures and general possibilities because we – that is, the big collective we – know so much more about cooking foods of all kinds.” The current food mood may also be a reaction to the more exhausting aspects of life in the digital era. “It’s a weird mixture of technology and palo santo” – iPhones and incense – said the chef Gerardo Gonzalez, suggesting that people who live online may be moved to seek out the restorative properties of natural foods. “You’re constantly in this thing that’s not reality, and eating food can be the most real act you can partake in.” At Lalito, his restaurant in Manhattan, Gonzalez serves food he describes as “hippie Chicano,” like vegan chicharrones and the brown goddess cucumber salad, with brown mole vinaigrette, mint and candied pepitas, as well as dishes like eggplant topped with tahini, lemon juice and Japanese gomasio seasoning. (The restaurant opened in late 2016 as Lalo; it was recently renamed to avoid conflict with a similarly named restaurant.) Growing up with chain restaurants and living with the “mental fog” that comes from regularly eating meat, dairy and starch, said Gonzalez, 34, has led him and his peers to seek an alternative. “I think people are now more likely to turn to açai bowls than a bacon cheeseburger for their hangover,” he said. “For a lot of people who gravitate toward this lifestyle, it’s not hypocritical.” As one of the owners of Dimes, a restaurant that opened three years ago in Manhattan, Alissa Wagner is partly responsible for bringing those açai bowls to the Instagram set. Wagner believes that diners are a lot more knowledgeable about where and how to eat better than they were when she graduated from the Natural Gourmet Institute, a mostly vegetarian cooking school in Manhattan, in 2010. “There was a huge awakening that happened in the last couple of years with the way that New Yorkers approach food,” she said. “The meat-heavy, super-masculine-style restaurants that were ever-present became outdated and were overtaken by a much more vibrant and produce-driven menu.” (BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM.) Some of the most anticipated restaurant openings of the past year have had a crunchy vibe. Tartine Manufactory in San Francisco is never without a line for its rustic sourdough bread, whole-grain pastries and turmeric kefir. At Destroyer in Culver City, the chef Jordan Kahn incorporates elements like puffed rice and pickled mushrooms into his precise and visually arresting cooking. For his avocado toast – a dish that is the spiritual descendant of the ‘70s avocado sandwich, smashed on health bread and topped with a handful of alfalfa sprouts – the avocado is confited. Brunch at the “veg-forward” Bad Hunter in Chicago includes miso-apple sticky buns and sourdough porridge with walnut butter. In New York, Jean-Georges Vongerichten recently opened abcV, an organic, all-vegetable restaurant that serves dishes like “stems and sprouts” with sunflower seeds, and traffics in ayurvedic tonics, which have captivated millennials hunting for the next thing after juice. At L'estudio, the rough-hewed pottery is fired in the cafe’s adjoining ceramics studio. And while the landmark vegan restaurant Angelica Kitchen in Manhattan is closing this week, its legacy is vast – veggie burgers and grain bowls, once a menu rarity, can be had at chains like Hillstone and Sweetgreen. (The chef Camille Becerra, who just opened De Maria, which is heavy on bowls, cooked at Angelica Kitchen – a formative experience.) Even the elegant French restaurant Le Coucou serves avocado toast at breakfast and brunch, charging $18 for the winkingly named “Le Californien.” (END OPTIONAL TRIM.) Despite the often extragravant price tag attached to many haute-hippie staples and the Vitamix required to prepare them, this is food that is easy to make at home, with plenty of cookbooks for guidance. The last several months have seen the release of many vegetable-rich and raw-food cookbooks, including ones from Lucky Peach; Martha Stewart; Wolfgang Puck; the vegan website Thug Kitchen; Sarah Britton, of the website My New Roots, whose Instagram feed of bowls and sprouts has more than 330,000 followers; and Amanda Chantal Bacon of Moon Juice, a small chain of juice shops that started in Venice, in Los Angeles. (BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM.) In her book and at her shops, Bacon, a former line cook at Lucques in Los Angeles – and the subject of a Twitter storm last summer, after a crystal was stolen from her Silver Lake location – spreads the gospel of coconut yogurt, reishi mushroom powder and meditation, while selling $10 Moon Dusted Milks made with brown rice protein, chia seeds and blue spirulina. Her plans for Moon Dust expansion are global. Madison recently released “In My Kitchen: A Collection of New Vegetarian Recipes.” Her elegant earth-motherhood has given rise to a generation of chefs, cookbook authors and bloggers focused on vegetables and whole foods, like Anna Jones, who wrote the vegetarian cookbook “A Modern Way to Cook.” (Madison, like a baby boomer who is both tickled and horrified to see bell-bottoms come back in style, said she always found it “amusing that foods like the once-abhorrent brown rice have come around to being seen as good to eat, and preferable even to white rice.”) (END OPTIONAL TRIM.) For amateur picklers and kimchi-makers, there is a new edition of “Wild Fermentation,” the 2003 manual that helped its author, Sandor Katz, become a heroic figure among cooks who ferment their own foods. Like the back-to-the landers and Whole Earth Catalog readers before them, a new generation is once again becoming interested in fermentation, especially do-it-yourself projects, a shift that Katz attributes to people becoming more critical of the industrial food system and seeking alternatives. “Once you start asking questions about how this food was produced, then fermentation is just part of the answer,” he said. He also cited recent scientific findings on the microbiome and the notion that health may be affected by bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract, which are in turn influenced by what you eat. “People are recognizing that this important biodiversity inside of us has been diminished and are seeking strategies to restore it for immune function, digestion, mental health and everything else,” he said. “So people are seeking out bacteria-rich foods.” In fact, a kombucha- and tempeh-making business just opened near Katz’s home in Cannon County, Tennessee, population 16,000. “It’s not just happening in New York, San Francisco and Portland,” he said. (BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM.) (For the record, Katz bristles at the association of fermentation with hippiedom. “In terms of countercultural movements, I feel like punk is much more resonant,” he said. “The punk movement was all about DIY and publishing your own zine, and figuring out how to make things yourself and improvise.”) Gonzalez has noticed a change in diners’ palates toward flavors that are brighter and more acidic, like those produced by fermentation, as well as earthier and umami-rich flavors, like nutritional yeast. “People are starting to realize that these ingredients are a whole new color palette,” he said. (END OPTIONAL TRIM.) This group of Americans has also developed a less-sweet tooth and an appreciation of the textures imparted by grains like buckwheat and rye. “I was in a meeting last night where one person suggested making a chocolate cake recipe with fermented cabbage in it,” Madison said. As with anything counterculture edging toward the mainstream, the threat of co-optation looms. Alice Waters, the Berkeley queen of local and seasonal cooking, applauds the movement away from fast and processed food, but said she was wary of how its language had been appropriated by mainstream brands. “There’s a lot of hijacking going on right now that is very disturbing,” Waters said. “I mean, they can’t quite take ‘organic,' but they’re taking everything else.” At the restaurant level, though, hippie fare has long been “a lifestyle and a brand,” Gonzalez conceded. “You’re not just selling food,” he said. “You’re giving the promise of a healthier life, or a more enlightened meal.” ‘Hippie’ ingredients A home cook in the early ’70s might have been hard-pressed to identify these ingredients, which are now part of mainstream cooking and dining: Açai: The inch-long, reddish-purpleSouth American berry is prized for its antioxidant properties. Kombucha: Fermented, sweetened black or green tea drink. Mirin: A Japanese sweet rice wine. Miso: A staple in Asian cooking, miso is a paste made from fermented soybeans, sea salt and koji, often mixed with rice, barley or other grains. Usually white, red or mixed. An ingredient in soups, sauces and spreads. Tahini: A paste made from sesame seeds, it’s common in Mediterranean and Mideast cooking. Often used as a condiment. Turmeric: The bright gold spice is a key ingredient in many South Asian and Middle Eastern dishes. Compiled by Bee staff Pan-griddled sweet potatoes with miso-ginger sauce Total time: About 1 hour Serves 4 to 6 4 sweet potatoes (about 6 ounces each), scrubbed 1 clove garlic, chopped One 1-inch knob of fresh ginger, peeled and grated A few pinches of sugar or 2 teaspoons mirin 1 heaping tablespoon white miso 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice wine vinegar 1 tablespoon light sesame oil or other neutral oil, plus more for the pan 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil 2 teaspoons toasted black sesame seeds, for garnish Add about 1 inch of water to a stovetop steamer or a pot fitted with a steaming basket. Add sweet potatoes and steam until tender, 30 to 40 minutes, depending on their size. While sweet potatoes are cooking, make the sauce: Pound garlic and ginger in a mortar until very smooth and then stir in the sugar, miso, vinegar, sesame oils and 1 tablespoon water. Halve steamed sweet potatoes lengthwise and score the cut sides in a crisscross pattern with a small knife. Heat a large skillet or grill pan over medium-high heat. When hot, add a swirl of light sesame oil (about 1 tablespoon), then add sweet potatoes in a single layer, cut side down, and cook for 3 minutes, or until their natural sugars caramelize and turn an appetizing golden brown. (Depending on the shape of your potatoes, you may have to work in batches.) Arrange sweet potatoes on plates or a platter and spoon sauce over them. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve alone or with any accompaniment you like. Miso chicken Time: 45 minutes Serves 4 Recipe from The New York Times. 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened ½ cup white miso 2 tablespoons honey 1 tablespoon rice vinegar (do not use seasoned rice vinegar) Black pepper, to taste 8 skin-on bone-in chicken thighs, approximately 2 1/2 to 3 pounds Heat oven to 425 degrees. Combine butter, miso, honey, rice vinegar and black pepper in a large bowl and mix with a spatula or spoon until it is well combined. Add chicken to the bowl and massage the miso-butter mixture all over it. Place the chicken in a single layer in a roasting pan and slide it into the oven. Roast for 30 to 40 minutes, turning the chicken pieces over once or twice, until the skin is golden brown and crisp, and the internal temperature of the meat is 160 to 165 degrees. Roasted cauliflower with almond-herb sauce Serves 2 for a main course or 4 to 6 as a side dish To make this recipe vegetarian, eliminate the anchovies. Or try the cauliflower with garlic tahini sauce (see recipe). For the cauliflower: 1 large cauliflower Olive oil Salt For the sauce: 1/3 cup blanched almonds 6 to 10 anchovy fillets (optional) 2 garlic cloves, peeled 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus extra for basting 2 teaspoons wine vinegar (white or red), more to taste 1/2 cup coarsely chopped parsley, mint, tarragon, cilantro or a combination 1/2 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes (optional) Salt and ground black pepper Heat the oven while you prepare the cauliflower: Place a heavy ovenproof skillet (a cast-iron skillet looks very nice) or a baking sheet in the oven and turn the heat to 375 degrees. Place a small pan of hot water on the floor of the oven, to create steam. Break off and discard the outer leaves from the cauliflower. Cut off the bottom of the stem, and then use the tip of a small, sharp knife to cut off the leaves close to the stem. Carefully cut out the hard core of the cauliflower, near the bottom. Leave the main stem intact and make sure not to cut through any of the florets. Rinse the cauliflower (leave the water clinging to the outside) and place on a work surface, core side up. Drizzle with olive oil and use your hands to rub over the cauliflower until evenly coated. Sprinkle with salt. Place the cauliflower on the hot pan in the oven, core side down, and cook until very tender all the way through when pierced with a knife, at least 1 hour or up to 2 hours. During the cooking, baste 2 or 3 times with more olive oil. It should brown nicely. If you have a convection feature, use it toward the end of baking to brown the crust. Make the sauce: In a small frying pan, toast nuts over low heat, shaking often, just until golden and fragrant. Set aside to cool. Soak anchovies, if using, for 5 minutes in cool water. Rinse and set aside on paper towels. In a food processor, combine almonds, anchovies, garlic and butter and pulse until smooth. Mix in oil, then vinegar. Mix in herbs and red pepper flakes, if using. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside. When cauliflower is tender, remove from the oven. (If desired, run it briefly under the broiler first to brown the surface; there is no need to do this if you used convection.) Serve cauliflower in the skillet or from a serving plate. Cut into wedges and spoon sauce around each wedge. Garlic tahini sauce Makes 1 scant cup Tip: The sauce will keep in the refrigerator for a few days but is best made just ahead, because the taste of garlic grows stronger over time. Recipe via The New York Times. 1 garlic clove, cut in half, green shoots removed Salt to taste 1/3 cup sesame tahini 2 to 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice (more to taste) Aleppo pepper or red pepper flakes for sprinkling In a mortar and pestle, mash the garlic clove to a puree with a generous pinch of salt. Transfer to a bowl and whisk in the sesame tahini. Whisk in the lemon juice, beginning with the smaller amount. The mixture will stiffen up. Gradually whisk in up to 1/3 cup water, until the sauce has the consistency of thick cream or runny yogurt. Taste and adjust salt. Sprinkle in pepper. Parsnip gratin Serves 4 to 6 For this savory gratin, the parsnips are parboiled and splashed with cream seasoned with turmeric, cumin and cayenne, then topped with feta and baked. 3 pounds parsnips Salt and pepper 2 tablespoons butter, for greasing dish 2 cups heavy cream 1/2 teaspoon turmeric 1/2 teaspoon toasted and ground cumin Pinch of cayenne 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Peel parsnips and quarter lengthwise. With a paring knife, remove and discard hard central core. Cut parsnips into 3-inch batons. Parboil for 2 minutes, then drain and spread out on a baking sheet to cool briefly. Butter a 9-by-12-inch shallow earthenware baking dish. Arrange parsnips in dish in one layer. Heat oven to 400 degrees. Whisk together cream, turmeric and cumin. Season with salt and pepper and add a small pinch of cayenne. Pour cream mixture over parsnips and sprinkle with feta. Bake for about 30 minutes, until bubbling and nicely browned. Weeknight mushroom and kale pasta Serves 3 to 4 From “100 Days of Real Food Fast & Fabulous,” by Lisa Leake (William Morrow). 1 ounce dried wild mushrooms, such as porcini or shiitake 2 tablespoons butter 2 shallots, diced 3 garlic cloves, minced 1/2 cup dry white wine 3/4 cup heavy cream 3 cups loosely packed kale (thick ribs removed, leaves cut into strips) 1/2 teaspoon salt Ground black pepper 8 ounces uncooked whole wheat pasta, cooked according to the package directions 1/3 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese Combine the dried mushrooms and 1 1/2 cups water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the mushrooms have softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Reserving the cooking liquid, drain the mushrooms in a fine-mesh sieve. Measure the cooking liquid and if it’s less than 1 cup, add some water. Dice the mushrooms and set aside. Melt butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms, shallots and garlic and cook, stirring, until the shallots begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Pour in the wine, increase the heat, and bring mixture to a boil. Cook until the wine almost completely boils off and is reduced down to a couple tablespoons, 3 to 4 minutes (if you are doubling this recipe, it will take longer.) Pour in the reserved mushroom cooking liquid and cook for several minutes until reduced by half. Reduce the heat to medium and add the cream, kale, salt and pepper to taste. Cook until the sauce thickens, 2 to 3 minutes. Fold in the pasta and serve garnished with the Parmesan. West African peanut soup Serves 3-4 This was one of the most popular recipes in the “Sundays at Moosewood Restaurant” cookbook, published more than 20 years ago. This version was simplified for the updated “Moosewood Restaurant Favorites.” Make ahead: The soup can be refrigerated for up to 1 week or frozen for up to 3 months. 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 1 small onion, chopped 1 small celery rib, chopped 1/2 teaspoon sea salt, plus more to taste 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger root 1 1/2 teaspoons Tabasco or other hot sauce, plus more to taste 12 ounces sweet potatoes, peeled, then cut into 1/2-inch pieces 1 1/2 cups water 1 1/2 cups tomato juice, preferably low-sodium 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, plus a few leaves for garnish 1 scallion, white and green parts, cut crosswise into thin slices, for garnish Pour oil into a medium soup pot over medium heat. Add onion, celery and salt; cook, stirring frequently, until softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in ginger and Tabasco. Add the sweet potatoes and water. Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium or medium-low so the liquid is barely bubbling around the edges. Cover and cook until the vegetables are very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the tomato juice and peanut butter. Use an immersion (stick) blender to create a creamy, puréed soup. (If you use a blender instead, work in batches and remove the center knob in the lid, placing a paper towel over the opening to avoid splash-ups. Pour back into the soup pot.) Stir in the chopped cilantro and warm through. Taste, and add salt and/or hot sauce as needed. Divide among bowls and top with the scallions and cilantro leaves. Serve hot. An easy chicken dish relies on miso, plus honey and rice vinegar, for flavoring. RIKKI SNYDER The New York Times West African peanut soup is from the “Moosewood Restaurant Favorites” cookbook. Deb Lindsey The Washington Post Roast cauliflower works as a vegetarian main dish or a side with a meat dish. Serve it with parsley almond sauce, shown here, or garlic tahini sauce (recipes, Page 2D). MELINA HAMMER NYT This savory parsnip gratin includes the spices turmeric, cumin and cayenne. KARSTEN MORAN The New York Times 1 of 4 Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago Turkey 101: How to cook a turkey 3:26 5 months ago Turkey 101: How to cook a turkey 1:29 8 months ago Make salted butterscotch cookies with the Domestic Rebel 1:52 8 months ago Putting up tomatoes? Here are tips for safe canning View More Video Recipes Recipe Mailbox: Portuguese sweet bread from Emeril For healthful eating, don’t shrink from shrimp Microgreens go big in the kitchen This recipe might convince you to make Indian food at home Recipe Mailbox: Fig squares to please students Recipes Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Subscribe Customer Service e-Edition News in Education (NIE) Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Photo Reprints Jobs at The Bee Social, Mobile & More Smartphone and Tablet Apps Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Place a Classified Ad Place a Legal Notice Place a Digital Ad Place a Newspaper Ad Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Commuting Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Man steals from Hood River Walmart, runs from police, dies in fall off cliff, sergeant says Public safety 1 (The Oregonian/OregonLive) Print Email Jim Ryan | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Jim Ryan | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 25, 2017 at 6:28 PM, updated April 26, 2017 at 2:28 PM comments A man suspected of stealing from a Walmart store fell to his death after running from police Sunday in Hood River, a sergeant said. Edwin Charge Jr., 20, ran through traffic on Interstate 84 and through a residential area before falling off a cliff, said Sgt. Don Cheli of the Hood River Police Department. Two other suspects were jailed, he said. Cheli said police were never in a foot chase with Charge — a Goldendale, Washington, resident — and that officers didn't chase him off the cliff. The fall was accidental, Cheli said. Police initially responded to the Walmart to investigate a theft, he said, and eventually arrested the other two suspects. A state trooper saw Charge, the third suspect, run across the interstate, Cheli said. Officers responded to Westcliff Drive, which sits between the interstate and a bluff that drops to the Columbia River, and a resident told police he saw a man matching Charge's description running east. Police, aware of the dangerous terrain, chose not to go after him, Cheli said. A Union Pacific employee found Charge's body Monday morning. The two other theft suspects, Cadence Rogers and Lynise Browning, were booked into the Northern Oregon Regional Corrections Facility in The Dalles.  Both face second-degree theft charges, court records show.  They're accused of stealing miscellaneous merchandise valued at $100 or more, according to the records. Rogers remains jailed on $500 bail, records show, and Browning was released on bail. — Jim Ryan jryan@oregonian.com 503-221-8005; @Jimryan015 Most Read Active Discussions AM News Snapshot The day's important news, including local and national headlines, delivered every morning. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Essential Tips to Being More Productive So much to do, so little time. But those who are willing to get organized can make it all happen. Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp, CFP (TMFAlison) Apr 25, 2017 at 7:30PM In this episode of Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Motley Fool co-founder David Gardner to the show as the trio share their secrets to productivity. One of their favorite “gurus” on the subject is David Allen, author of the popular book Getting Things Done, but David has his own approach to clearing a to-do list.  And reaching into the mailbag, the team responds to a Foolish listener in Japan who has concerns about a single stock position that has grown into an outsized portion of his portfolio. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on January 24, 2017. Alison Southwick: This is Motley Fool Answers. I'm Alison Southwick and I'm joined, as always, by Robert Brokamp, personal finance expert here at The Motley Fool. He's also the advisor on Motley Fool's Rule Your Retirement newsletter and also [part of a new service] coming soon. Robert Brokamp: Oh, yeah. You'll just have to wait on that one. Southwick: Just going to tease that one a little bit. We also have a very, very special guest today. It's David Gardner. He's the co-founder and chief rule breaker of The Motley Fool! David Gardner: I am excited to be back on Answers. Southwick: We love having you. Gardner: There's one or two reasons a year that I'll make it on and I'm really excited about our reason today. So thank you. Yeah! Southwick: I think it's going to be great. Gardner: Yeah, I'm totally psyched. Southwick: I am, too, because today you're going to talk about productivity and the tools that you use to focus on what matters to stay on task. I've written down on my notes that you're a productive juggernaut? I don't know. Is that fair? Gardner: I will absolutely accept that. Guilty as charged. Brokamp: I will second it. Gardner: That's the best compliment that I've received in the last 10 years, and that includes things that my family would have said about me. Southwick: Yeah. I don't know. I don't even know ... Gardner: That's awesome. Southwick: ... if that's a thing, but I'm saying it. Brokamp: It is now. Gardner: That's great. Southwick: So productive juggernaut, David Gardner. Also he founded a little company called The Motley Fool. Maybe you've heard of it. We'll also answer your question about how much of your portfolio should be in one stock and we're going to, of course, close out "There's an App for That" with reviews for a few productivity apps. All that and more on this week's episode of Motley Fool Answers. Southwick: It's time for Answers, Answers and today it comes from Tony in Japan. Brokamp: Hi, Tony. Southwick: People in Japan listen to this show. It's so cool. Konnichiwa! Uh, also you should know how to say "good morning" in ... oh, oh, ohayo gozaimasu. I think that's how you say "good morning." Brokamp: I'll take your word for it. Gardner: You are a language juggernaut. Southwick: Thanks! Thank you! Beer is also biru. So if that's fun, remember that one. That one's important. All right, whatever. Let me move on. Let's get to Tony. Are you still there, Tony? All right. Tony writes: "I hit a home run by buying Amazon back in 2001. I sold a bunch of shares over the years as it continued to rise, but still have a fair number left. I'm reluctant to sell more as I believe the future is still bright, but as a single holding, it's now about 10% of my total individual stock portfolio and 3% of my net worth. Do you normally hang on to big winners even when they become a larger position than you intended?" Brokamp: Well, Tony, your email reminded me of a conversation I had with a member a few years ago because not only did he also live in Japan, but he had more than 50% of his portfolio in Amazon stock because he actually worked for Amazon. Southwick: Oh, wow, yeah. Brokamp: So I gave the typical financial planner speech about how you shouldn't have too much [of one stock] in your portfolio, and to remember what happened to people at Enron and WorldCom. And he said, "Yeah, I know about that, because I did this with my previous employer. Had more than 50% of my stock. Lost everything." And here he was doing it again. So I totally understand how it's very difficult to let go... Gardner: Investors who love too much... Southwick: Aw! Brokamp: Exactly. Exactly. So I understand how that's difficult. If you look at standard financial planning advice, people will tell you, you should limit the amount you have in one stock to about 5% to 10% of your portfolio. So Tony, you're kind of pushing that. There are different factors to consider. First of all, if you work for the company, I would pare it back even more because then you have your investment capital and your human capital all in the same company. It also depends on what the rest of your portfolio looks like. If the other 90% of your portfolio are companies similar to Amazon, then you're not very diversified. If it's very different, then maybe you can have a more concentrated holding in one stock. Now, how much you should have in one stock, as well as how many stocks you should own, is one of those things that among Motley Fool investors is kind of debatable. We all have very different opinions, so I'm going to turn to David Gardner for his opinion, because it might be a little different and he is someone who has done this Amazon journey as well as someone who's owned the stock since 1997. Gardner: And I, at different points over the course of my 30 years of investing (which is a lot, but not nearly as many as many others who are listening to us right now) [am] always conscious that there's a lot more to learn for each of us, even at the age of 50, whatever we are (Robert and not Alison). The way that I've actually lived my life, I've been comfortable with 10%+ positions, but I know myself pretty well and I also know that a lot of my own net worth is tied up in the Motley Fool. So that's enabled me to allow my stock market positions to grow outsized, and it's happened not just from Amazon. Back in the 1990s, it was AOL. It became more than 50% at one point of my portfolio. That's what happens if a stock is up 200x in value on six years ... Southwick: Ugh! Gardner: ... and you let it go. Or more recently -- and this is a great day for Netflix investors -- Netflix is an outsized position in my portfolio. So I think that it comes down to how much you need the money, what your own risk tolerance is, what your backup plan is. One thing I really like Tony mentioned is I like that he said that it's 3% of his net worth. So yes, you should actually not just think of it in terms of your portfolio, but what you have, overall, in this world. As long as everything keeps going well at the Motley Fool, I could probably, literally afford to lose my entire investment portfolio and still be a pretty happy guy, so this is why it's all contextual. Each of us is in a different place -- not just where we are in terms of our age, and not just in terms of our own mentality -- but really I think it comes down to a weird combination of time, who you are, and who's dependent on you. So I think that's a good answer, what you gave, Robert. It's how mutual funds run for the most part. Mutual funds can't usually hold a position more than 5%, so that's why the thinking that you have is aligned, and why it's good. Standard. It's the rules of bridge. I know we need to move on, so I'll just close my answer by saying that if you've ever played the card game bridge, which I have (not that well, but I've played it extensively over the course of a long period of time), you need to learn all the rules to bid. To know how to bid. One spade -- pass. Two hearts. What does that mean? And so once you learn all those rules, now you're ready to really play bridge and the best players know when to break the rules. And so there's a little bit of rule breaker vibe here in my answer, but the best players know when to break the rules, but they're taking a risk to do so, and they know the downside of being burnt. In the case of cards, it's a bad hand. In the case of your wallet or your net worth, it's much, much more important. So I think we each have to get to know ourselves, our time, and proceed accordingly. But I personally have broken a lot of the rules when it comes down to asset allocation by letting big stocks, like Amazon, grow and not selling them. If you're looking at the company, and you believe that Amazon's going to be relevant five, 10 years from now (or Netflix) ... the list goes on ... then I feel comfortable with that. Final, final, final answer from me, then I kick it back to the stars, is that one thing you can do, Tony, [is] systematically sell off portions. So you could just say for any position that I have, if it's outsized ... let's say it's 18% of your portfolio. How about this? How about over the course of the next eight years, sell off 1% of that stock? Of your 18%, I should say, every year, so that you're down to 10% over the course of the next eight years. And it doesn't matter where the stock is at that point. It might be down. It might be up. You just systematically (and I'm picking arbitrary numbers and time line here) but sell down a portion over time, because you're going to be able to redeploy the funds. Southwick: All right. As a reminder, David Gardner, co-founder and chief rule breaker of The Motley Fool is joining us in-studio today. David also has his own podcast, Rule Breaker Investing, so if you haven't listened to it, you should check it out. And he's here to talk about how to be more productive. This is the last in our series of how to be more blank in 2017. So we did wealthier, healthier, happier and we're going to close it out with more productive. Brokamp: Right. Southwick: So David, thank you for joining us. Gardner: I am honored. Southwick: Well! Brokamp: Your honor is all right. Gardner: Maybe I'll add some value. Southwick: Every time we ask David to be [on the show], I'm always like, "Hey, do you think David...?" You know, "Oh David, will you be on the show?" And he's always like so open helping us out. And I'm always like, "Wow! David said yes! He's got so many other more important things to do." Gardner: I love your podcast. I'm very pleased to be here. Southwick: Oh, thank you! Gardner: And I'm going to try to give shorter answers than I gave with my Amazon answer. Southwick: No, you can talk ... Brokamp: That was an outstanding answer. Southwick: ... you can talk as long as you want. Brokamp: So I'll kick this off just a little bit about why we're talking about productivity with money. In my experience talking to clients -- when I was a financial advisor and when I talk to either members or even Fool employees, which I do as part of my job -- one thing I often hear people say is, "Yeah, I've been meaning to do that, but I haven't gotten around to it." It might be increasing your contributions to a 401(k), opening your college savings account, getting the life insurance, getting an estate plan. There's all these things we know we need to do to get our finances on firmer footing, but we haven't gotten around to it. So as for my own productivity journey, I am biologically, physiologically made to be unproductive. I am distractible, I am scatterbrained, [and] I am a slow reader and writer which is a problem, because it's like 70% of my job. So I did a lot of reading about productivity about a decade about, and I stumbled across a book called Getting Things Done by a guy named David Allen. And that was when I found out that David Gardner, here, also has a mutual admiration for David Allen and actually has had David Allen come to the company a couple of times. So that is why we asked David Gardner to be a part of this show. So welcome, David. Gardner: Thank you, Robert. Brokamp: Would you consider yourself a naturally productive person? Gardner: No, I would not. In fact, it wasn't until probably my early 30s when I first read Getting Things Done, David Allen's book. A lot of people use the acronym GTD. If you're part of the cult, then you already instantly recognize what GTD stands for. It stands for Getting Things Done, David Allen's (I think it was early 2000s) book. Brokamp: Yup. Gardner: So I was desperate to be more productive at that stage. We had three young kids. I was in my early 30s. The Motley Fool was humming. I was doing things like book tours, needing to pick stocks, needing to help run the company, and lots of other things besides. Plus I wanted to have fun. That's a big part of being productive is getting the stuff done that you don't want to do, that you have to do, in order so that you can do what you actually want to do. And in fact, one of the things I try to do these days is free up as much time as possible for myself, so part of being productive is a completely selfish aim to just be able to do the stuff that I want to do in life. Southwick: I actually have not read the book, Getting Things Done, so now I'm feeling like I am not getting enough things done. Can you explain kind of the gist of what he's proposing I do to get things done? Brokamp: Philosophically, the main point is that you need a trusted system to capture all your commitments and responsibilities so that you can free up your brain to be more productive [and] to be more creative, because if you rely on your brain to keep track of everything; first of all, it's not very good at that and second of all, it's going to cause you a lot of angst. Gardner: So there are five steps, really quickly. The first is to capture all the things. Collect what has your attention. Collect. So he even just suggests you sit down with a piece of paper in the morning and for five minutes just anything that pops into your head. Need to pick up Charmin. Also need to let my boss know I'm quitting my job. And by the way, I need to also get to my kid's kindergarten assembly to speak there. Whatever it is. And you just fill that piece of paper. And then you start having collected. Step two is you clarify and process what that means. So you start saying, "OK, well, the following two are when I'm in my car, so I'm going to put that in my When I'm in My Car list. And then my At Work list. And maybe Talk to My Spouse list." And so you start to process those. And then third, you then organize it. OK, I've got Car, Talk to Spouse, and Stuff at Work. And so if you have an extra hour, what are you going to do? The classic GTD answer is the first thing you note is what your context is. Because you can't actually go pick up Charmin at Safeway if you're sitting here in Fool HQ in the studio. So all that really matters, right now, is Fool HQ things for us, or At Work for you, whoever you are if you're at work. And so you would just look at that context. And then the question is how do you pull up that context? I like to use the computer or apps, so I use OmniFocus as a Mac person, myself. OmniFocus is a pretty comprehensive app for doing this. It's not specifically a GTD app. In other words, it's not David Allen's product, but it's people who love what David Allen does and have created a product. There are other "listy" kinds of apps that you can find. You can also use a journal or a yellow legal pad, I guess, but the key is that what I love to do is just immediately filter (drop down list, filter, At Work,) and then see, "OK. Oh, that's right. I need to go talk to Alison and Robert and do the podcast. Or talk to them ahead of time about what we're going to do on the podcast." So you know your context and then you're ready to act within that context. By the way, I don't want to be too comprehensive, here, but just to finish out the five steps, I guess, since I put it out there. So fourth is that you reflect and you review frequently. If you have stuff you need to do, or things you need to say to your partner, make sure you're checking back in with that list. Don't just write it down and then forget to go back to that list -- otherwise you faked yourself out. You externalized it, got it out of your head, but you didn't actually do anything with it. So fifth and final, of course, is just that you do. You engage. You simply do. So to the extent there's a system, here, that's the foundation of the system. But there's a lot more to it. There are tropes and things. Maybe we'll touch on a few of them. There's enough, here, that it fills a really good book. Getting Things Done was a life changer for me. A life improver for me. But we'll do our best to give a few more examples to inspire people. To circle back, Robert, you were saying, you know, that thing. Like I need to do this thing. I need to finally do my finances. You kind of opened with that. My reaction to that is anytime you feel like there's something you need to be getting to and you're not getting to it, the classic David Allen reflection that I've learned is probably you have not determined what your single next action is toward that goal. So you might think, "I've got to get on top of my money to start 2017." Well, that sounds like about 100 different actions probably. What's the actual next action? What's the single next physical action watching the movie of what you need to do to get on top of your finances in 2017? And all that really matters is that next action. That first step up the mountain is the only step that matters when you're at zero steps. So I think determining your next action is like a profound, key productivity enhancer. Brokamp: Right. Another one that I know that you're a big fan of is the Two-Minute Rule. Can you explain that one a little bit? Gardner: It's a great one and this is, again, straight David Allen and you know it, too, Robert. So the Two-Minute Rule is as simple as this. Anytime there's something that you need to do, or somebody asks you to do something, if you can do it literally in 120 seconds or less, do it right then. It might be a quick text. Might be a really quick phone call. Might just be take the garbage out. If it's two minutes literally, or less, just do it. Because a lot of times we don't, and so we add that to a list and then you end up with lists upon lists, and you're not getting stuff done, and you just feel stressed. So it's a great productivity enhancer -- the Two-Minute Rule. And the one caveat to that is it has to be two minutes or less. If it's actually five minutes, then you start to distrust yourself when you think about the Two-Minute Rule. You start saying, "Well, you know, I'm going to do that," and if it takes five minutes, then the next time you think about doing something that will take two minutes or less, you'll start to not do it because you'll be like, "Well, it's more of a pain than I think," because sometimes it's five minutes or six minutes. So literally you have to be kind of hardcore on this, in my experience. Two-Minute Rule -- two minutes or less -- just do it. Brokamp: Got it. There have been times when I've actually tracked my time on a spreadsheet -- how I spend my day in 15-minute increments -- and have been shocked at how much time I spend on email. And here at Motley Fool we use Slack, and even looking at my computer now, I see I have 38 direct messages on Slack. Gardner: You are a popular guy. Southwick: Wow! Brokamp: Well ... Gardner: I've never gotten to 38. Alison? Southwick: Me, neither. No! Gardner: Wow! Brokamp: It's part of this, I think, this new thing that's coming out. But anyways... Gardner: Groupies. Groupies! Southwick: Yeah, I know. Is it? You're kind of bragging a little bit. Gardner: Robert gets stalked around Fool HQ a little bit. Brokamp: Look at the pictures they send me. Southwick: Let me just interrupt you really quick. For those who don't know, Slack is like email. It's kind of replacing email. I always think of it as being like AOL Instant Messenger, where you're kind of like in different chat rooms and direct messaging people. Brokamp: That's exactly what it's like. Southwick: Well, there we go. That's exactly what it's like. OK. Brokamp: So I've tried a couple of things. One is -- and Alison, I think you even saw this on my desk. I have like a piece of paper, and I have Slack, personal email, work email and I can only check it three times a day. And when I've checked it, I have to cross it off and keep track of it. I've also tried to time-block it so that I don't really look at things until noon. But it's very hard to resist looking at your email and Slack, or whatever else you use for messaging, so how do you handle all that? Gardner: I don't think of myself as particularly disciplined, so I'm definitely the shiny thing that moves. And I follow it and do it often. Now, I love that you've mapped your time. That's something that each of us would benefit from. You don't have to do it for a whole week. How about just a single day? How about tomorrow? And just notice, and have insights like that. So for some people, Robert, the equivalent of Slack in their lives is their job. They need to be responsive. They need to be ready. If a quick note comes in from the boss, they need to act. So it kind of comes down to who you are and what you're doing. I guess the way that I've set it up is when things come in to me, generally if I have time, I'll look at them, and if not ... Like here's one thing I did a long time ago, thanks again to David Allen. I turn off the notification that I got an email, whether it's on my computer, like Windows, or something flashes in "an email's come in." Turn those off. The same thing on your phone. Turn off notifications for things that really don't matter. Facebook updates that really don't matter. Emails -- if you're getting spammed all the time -- just turn off all of those kinds of notifications. Make sure you're filtering so that when things come in to you, and you're looking at it, it matters. Brokamp: You brought up time-blocking, and when I look at some of the things that I've tried, one of the most successful things (at least the most helpful things) is when I start the day (and even the week) scheduling certain things. And there are a couple of good books about this. One is Take Back Your Life. Another one is Eat That Frog. Basically a to-do list is unlimited, but your calendar is limited, and if you calendarize your day and work from your calendar and not a to-do list or your inbox, you have a better idea of what you can actually accomplish and what you can actually focus on. Do you ever have something -- maybe you have a project you're working on, something you have to write, something you have to do for someone -- that you put on your calendar as, "I am going to work on this thing for an hour or two hours?" Gardner: So more chapter and verse orthodoxy, David Allen. If you put something on your calendar, you have to. You must respect that and do it. Because again, if you don't, then you'll start faking yourself out. You'll start putting future stuff on your calendar and then you'll also blow those things off. So in the end, how much do you trust yourself? That's fundamentally what this comes down to. You need to create a trusted system and you need to be a figure of trust within that system. So the suggestion from David Allen is if you do put something on your calendar -- which is a formal step -- it's an extra bit of time you just spent to actually put something on your calendar, hardcore stay to that. And if you're not going to, then don't put it on your calendar. Keep it on a to-do list, but don't fake yourself out. Brokamp: Got you. Very good. I've noticed a lot of people who are into, I guess I will say, lifestyle types of books. It could be productivity. It could be all kinds of other things. They often don't have kids. David Allen is one of them. Have you found that you've had to expand your system to include your wife? To include your kids? How have you been able to coordinate everyone else's to-do lists and everyone else's schedules? Gardner: So really important for me is that I have shared calendars with my wife, so that's very helpful so we can see what each other's doing. And if you want to have a little private calendar because you don't want your wife to know that you're setting up a surprise for her birthday ... Southwick: Yes, that is exactly what you're doing. Brokamp: That is the reason you would be doing that. Gardner: ... then you can, but having a shared calendar with the people that matter to you is a real productivity enhancer. Another thing that I think is important is to have ... David Allen talks in terms of 50,000-foot views, 40,000-foot views, etc. So really quickly, down there at zero feet we're on the runway. It's whatever our next action [is] wherever we are right now. We're on the runway. What are we doing? Ten-thousand feet up is actually -- and I'm maybe fudging this a little bit, but you'll get the metaphor -- 10,000-feet up is the projects. Your commitments. So down there on the runway it's just what my next task [is], but Allen defines a project as anything that's more than one task. So just think of all the different projects. In fact, if you ever have kind of a GTD person hired in to coach you (a GTD coach), one of the first things they'll do is get you to list all of your projects. And there's no division between your work life and your family life or any other life. It's all you. And so making sure you understand every single project that you (even if you didn't think of it as a project) [are] committed to mentally. Something you think you're going to do in 2017 -- that's a project -- and so you need to have a full view of that at 10,000 feet. Twenty-thousand feet -- 30, 40, 50 -- these are like, "OK, what's my 2017 goals?" Or, "What are my three-to-five-year goals?" Or at the top, 50,000 feet, why am I here? What is my purpose? What am I actually trying to achieve? And so making sure you spend some time at each of those altitudes -- most of your time you're on the runway -- but making sure you get above that at different points with people that matter [like] your family, spouse or partner. Conversations like that are what keep you, ironically, maybe grounded. Brokamp: Any other particular challenges you have with being productive? Anything that you still struggle with on a regular basis? Gardner: Well, a key feature to, again, orthodox Getting Things Done is that you do a weekly review. And this is probably where most people fall off the wagon. And I have, in a way, fallen off the wagon, but in a way just kind of made it my own. So I guess I've just rationalized falling off the wagon. Brokamp: I didn't like that wagon anyhow. Gardner: And I don't know about you, Robert, because I know you're a GTDer yourself, but the weekly review ... the idea is to block off an hour or so and look over all your projects. So if you have 117 projects, which is probably about how many projects you have, whoever you are, if you actually are honest with yourself and list [them]; then it seems daunting to go over 117 things every week. Now, the truth is you don't need to look over all of the projects. What you do is you look over the next actions for each of the projects. And maybe some of the projects aren't relevant right now, so you could skip that. But the idea is to look back and reengage, recommit, and review all of the commitments that you've made to yourself and others on this weekly basis. And I don't, admittedly. If you watch the movie of me in a given month, I'm not doing weekly reviews. For me, the way that I've made it my own, a little bit, is I think a lot of the time we need to do weekly reviews is because we don't want to deal with stuff. So we're like, "Oh, that's right. I do have to -- taxes are coming. Quarterlies. OK, so I will make sure I'm reviewing that and doing that." But what I've ended up doing to make it my own (and this is a weird, idiosyncratic, geeky admission on my part), and I don't often talk about this, but this is why I come on Motley Fool Answers ... Southwick: To save face. Gardner: ... to save face with Alison and Robert is I randomize a lot. So randomizing, for me, is gamifying life, and I do that a lot. In fact, I read that Tolstoy used to randomize his life decisions. Just cast a die and go off and do it. Brokamp: You're coming back to write a book. I don't know. Gardner: I'm not quite that hardcore, but one of my favorite things to do is have my list of things to do in the day ahead. Start with that in the morning. And instead of being the really disciplined person who tackles the hardest things first (which is, indeed, what we all should be doing), I tend to randomize. So if I have 10 things, I will, with my die app, roll a 10-sided die and it will be like number seven. Great. And there's a weird commitment that I've made that if I roll number seven and number seven is the worst thing (the most wet, prickly thing I don't want to have to do) I literally will do it right then. And so seven, four, one. And by the end of the day I'll try to have all 10 done, but I never [know] what [is] going to come next. Surprises are fun for us... Southwick: Yeah ... Gardner: ... even sometimes if they're bad, so that's how I've made it my own, is I've taken out weekly reviews and I've added in gamification and I get enough stuff done that I feel like it works, but just for me. I'm not putting that out for anybody else to do. Brokamp: That's so funny. Gardner: It's Leo Tolstoy and I, but nobody else. Brokamp: Now I was trying to come up with a definition of productivity, and it basically is focusing on the most important things and getting them done as efficiently as possible. One little mantra I say to myself, sometimes, is "priorities before frivolities." Gardner: I say hard/easy, not easy/hard. I say it to the kids all the time. The same thing. Brokamp: And I thought about it during a little talk you gave to our company in which you told the tale that involved a very big number (86,400) so I thought it would be good if we closed out with that, because it talks about using a limited resource (time) to get important things done. Gardner: So I have a very short passage I'm going to read, and this is not mine. This, like David Allen's system, it's not mine. It's something that I've learned and it's something that I love. So this is from a book called Tie-Ins for Life by Joe Shusko. He is a Marine martial arts instructor. Every U.S. Marine learns martial arts, and those who go through Quantico have learned for the last few decades from Joe Shusko. And one thing he does is he tells the Marines stories that he ties into the lessons that he's giving as he teaches karate chops, or all the different forms of martial arts that they learn. He ties a story in because, of course, that's the best way to learn. So this is a tie-in and it's entitled "86,400 Seconds" and here's how it goes. It starts this way. Imagine there's a bank that credits your account $86,400 every day. It carries no balance and every evening it deletes what you don't use. What would you do with it? Each of us has that bank account. It's called time. Every morning it credits you with 86,400 seconds and every evening it writes off what you don't use. It has no balance. Each day you have a new account. If you fail to use those deposits, you can't go back. Live in the present. Live for today. The clock is running. Make the best of everything you have. Take responsibility for your life. Make a difference. Write down at the end of the day how you've made a difference. Don't watch the world go by. You would spend every penny of the $86,400. Spend the seconds just as well. Brokamp: That's great. Thank you, David, for coming on. Southwick: Yeah. Thank you for putting Motley Fool Answers on your to-do list. We really appreciate it. Gardner: I can't wait for my next appearance, whatever the excuse is to pull me back. Maybe sometime late this summer I'd love that you have me back. Let's talk something else. Southwick: We'll have you back whenever you want. Thank you. Gardner: Thank you for your wonderful podcast. I'm so grateful for you both, and I know you've got a lot of fans and deservedly so. And thank you for Motley Fool Answers. Southwick: Aw! Thank you! Gardner: By the way, the average human heart beats 100,000 times a day. Make every beat count. Southwick: Oh, it's our final episode of There's an App for That. I'm so sad. I've been enjoying you guys coming in and talking about apps. And today we have Mohna Shah, again. She's back. Yay! Mohna Shah: Yay! Thank you. It's nice to be back. Southwick: Yes, it's nice to have you. And, of course she works for Motley Fool, oh, Wealth Management, a sister company of The Motley Fool. And we also have Kara Chambers. She is ... have you been on the show before? Kara Chambers: No, I haven't. Southwick: All right. Kara Chambers works on our people team and she is ... I basically went right to her and I was like, "Kara, can you be on this because you are like a person famous for using apps and productivity tools." So you didn't volunteer. You were volun-told. Chambers: My favorite thing. Southwick: Same for Mohna. So we are going to talk about probably four apps, today, and just to get it out of the way, these are all four apps that we love. So not necessarily some reviews, but here's some recommendations. All right, Mohna. What apps have you brought us today? Shah: So today I wanted to recommend Dropbox and 1Password. It is a way for families to be productive together. One of the inefficiencies about being married or trying to coordinate with your parents is that you want to share documents with them, or be able to give somebody a password in case something happens to you. And those are always the troubling things. Who do you trust? How should we maintain it and then my password changes? And how do I tell them? So for Dropbox, which is a document storage solution in the cloud, my husband and I share an account and you can have separate folders that the other person doesn't see, but you can also share folders ... Southwick: Mohna, what are you putting in that folder that your husband can't see? Shah: It's my birthday gift to him. Brokamp: There you go. There you go. Southwick: We are all so concerned about our spouses' birthdays on this show today. Shah: But one of the things is when you get married and you're sharing insurance, and a mortgage document, etc., it's really hard to have both people keep referencing a paper document in your home. It's much easier to have that available on your phone and both people can share that and access it when they happen to need it, which makes things a lot easier. It's also encrypted, so for people who are concerned about security, there's definitely safety in using the app. The other thing is for people who have aging parents, they might want to be able to have access to their will or other documents that would help them help manage their parents' lives a little bit better, and I think that that's a good way to go, as well, so that you can make sure if something does happen, chaos is reduced and you're able to proceed as you need to. With 1Password, I know that immediately when I got married and we combined our finances, we started using his checking and savings account, which meant that when I called the bank, they wanted me to tell them what my husband's first pet was in order to get by the security clearances and I just thought, "That's really silly. I have no idea." So 1Password is a way in which you can store your passwords for each thing that you have a log in for, as well as put in the notes of what your answers to the security questions are. That way if I have to change a password for our insurance, I can go in, change it in the app. It changes it on his phone and the next time he logs in, he's aware of it. Also it does generate passwords, so we all know we need to keep complex passwords. Not reuse passwords from one thing to the next. And so this is another great way in which you don't have to remember it. Keep it on your phone. Anytime you need to log into something, it's right there at your fingertips. Southwick: Cool! OK, and then so for Dropbox and 1Password, there are both free and paid versions if you want like more bells and whistles and more storage space. Shah: Right. Southwick: All right, cool. All right, Kara. You have brought us a couple of apps today. Pocket? I've never heard of Pocket. Chambers: Pocket is my helpful way of managing all the things to read on the internet. Southwick: Oh! Chambers: One of my favorite bad habits is to just endlessly get lost in reading article after article and Twitter, and you barely read like three sentences and you skip through. Or someone forwards you an interesting article. So Pocket will clean up the interface and save it for you for you to read offline. So what you've got is kind of a nice magazine. And sometimes I'll deliberately put my iPad in airplane mode so I'm not endlessly down that rabbit hole of the internet at the end of the day, and just have got some nice magazine-linked articles. Long reads to read. And you can tag them and hold onto them. They're formatted nicely, so you're not just clicking through a big, long interface. It basically cleans up and organizes the internet for you. So things like The New York Times Sunday magazine always has great articles that I always just miss. So if you're saving something you found on Twitter, or someone at work forwarded you something interesting, just saving it all during the day to Pocket and then having that to read at the end of the day is just a nice compromise between paper books, which are no longer satisfying my attention span. So if you find yourself not with the patience to sit down with a book to read, this is a good interface to just settle down at the end of the day. Southwick: Sure. Own no magazines, yes. Use Pocket. And is this one free, or do you pay for it? Chambers: I believe there's a free and a paid version. Also you can forward emails into Pocket, so if someone sends you an email with an article, you just forward it to Pocket to read later and then find it in your queue at the end of the day. Southwick: Cool. And the next one we're going to talk about is one that we are all fans of... Shah: Yes. Southwick: Trello. Brokamp: Trello. Chambers: Trello pretty much runs the Fool, by now, and most of our lives. Southwick: Between Slack and Trello, that's the only way things get done around here. Chambers: Absolutely. In fact, the new thing is now instead of someone saying to you, "I haven't gotten around to that," say, "it's on my Trello board. It's on my Trello board." So Trello is a to-do list, but it's really beautifully designed based on Agile methodology, which is basically to-do, doing, done and then maybe a waiting column. We've talked about David Allen here, Getting Things Done. Just a simplified look at what I have to do next. But it organizes it in terms of visual cards, and for a lot of people they just find the interface helpful. What I love about a good app is one that adds features time over time. It continues to make it better. And Trello does that. There's a lot of filtering and tagging. You can play around with it to make it beautifully visual. That's also a habit of mine, to just say, "OK, I have this boring meeting, but I'm going to hold up this beautiful organized Trello board and it looks like I've got something done." So you can use it on your own. You can use it in collaboration with others. I was in a team meeting, and I have some teams that people say, "I don't really use Trello. I have my own system." But I can still use Trello to run the meeting, so you can use it at work, but if your workplace doesn't use Trello, it's really helpful to use on your own. You can snap pictures of things and upload them. You can save bookmarks like from Pinterest or something else. You could put your Pocket articles on there and save them, and you can physically move them around. There's an iPad, an iPhone, and a desktop app, and I think what we love about it is it's just so beautifully designed. Southwick: Yeah, it's really rewarding to move like cards to the "Done" column. Or you can have the column be whatever you want, but this show runs on Trello, too. Brokamp: It does, yeah. Southwick: So there we go. 1Password and Dropbox to help you collaborate, get organized, and be more productive with your loved ones. And then Trello to get organized with your projects in a very GTD kind of way. See, I'm using the lingo. Brokamp: That's very impressive. Southwick: Thank you. And then Pocket to help organize all those things you want to read and just save for the end of the day. Yay! Thank you guys for joining us for the final, final version... Oh, for the final. What do I call it? For the final... Brokamp: Installment of our series. Southwick: The final installment of our series, There's an App for That. Which is also your Motley, isn't it Kara? Chambers: Yes, it is. Every Fool has a Motley. We have our own little phrase or saying and I picked that one because I like to look at new technology for the Fool all the time. Southwick: And that's why I dragged you in here. Chambers: Anytime. I could talk about apps all day. Southwick: Thank you, guys. Chambers: All right, thank you. Shah: Thank you. Southwick: All right, that's the show. I want to thank David Gardner for joining us, as well as Mohna Shah and Kara Chambers. We really couldn't do this show without the whole village. Brokamp: We could not. Southwick: We've received a ton of postcards over the holidays from exotic places. Brokamp: Wow! Southwick: I know. We got one from Cody, who works for UNICEF in the Sudan. Bruno in Rio, Patrick from the Grand Canyon, Brent who is stationed in Kuwait, and Dan and Beth who went to Caneel Bay. And I am peanut butter and jealous over that one. It's gorgeous. Ugh! Well, you guys all live such exciting lives. Brokamp: And if we haven't said this already, we hang all those up. They don't go into a pile. Everyone can see these postcards. Southwick: Because we're very proud of them -- that our listeners are so cool. Yee! All right, so our email is Answers@Fool.com. Remember how we set up that phone number for people to leave a question and a message? And then I forgot to go and check the box? Brokamp: There's like a hundred. Southwick: No, there's not a hundred, but I feel bad because people left some questions over our voice mail and I forgot to circle back. But not anymore, because it's going on my GTD list ... Brokamp: There you go. Southwick: So yes. Please send us your questions to Answers@Fool.com or you can call and leave a voice mail at 1-800-MRSFOOL. All right. The show is edited productively by Rick Engdahl. For Robert Brokamp, I'm Alison Southwick. Stay Foolish, everybody. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. David Gardner owns shares of Amazon and Netflix. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Netflix, and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends The New York Times. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp, CFP (TMFAlison) None Article Info Apr 25, 2017 at 7:30PM Investment Planning Read More What to Do if You Get an IRS Notice Something Old, Something New, Something Borrowed, Something Blue Surprise! You Work Nearly 4 Months Every Year Just to Pay Taxes 3 Smart Roth IRA Moves You Can Make Right Now What Is a Direct Rollover? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Essential Tips to Being More Productive @themotleyfool #stocks
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships It's Official: How the Koch Brothers Killed Trump’s Job Plan The president’s new tax bill jettisons his old proposals to boost domestic production. By Jefferson Morley / AlterNet April 26, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: DonkeyHotey / Flickr As the 100-day mark of Donald Trump’s embattled presidency approaches, it’s official: the self-proclaimed champion of America’s forgotten workers has no jobs plan. In announcing his new tax plan, President Trump quietly abandoned his biggest legislative initiative aimed at creating American jobs, and postponed again his ambitious but vague trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. While most news organizations are focusing on Trump's proposed tax cuts, the bigger story may be Trump’s disappearing jobs agenda. While Trump’s presidency is deeply unpopular, his focus on American jobs is the rare issue where he commands wide support. One recent poll found 73 percent of respondents approved of his performance on jobs. Trump's problem is translating his rhetoric into reality. Just two months ago, Trump endorsed a "border adjustment tax" designed to favor domestic manufacturers and thus create American jobs. "I certainly support a form of tax on the border," the president told Reuters. "What is going to happen is companies are going to come back here, they're going to build their factories and they're going to create a lot of jobs and there's no tax." Trump also hinted he would send Congress legislation enacting a trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. Another right-wing rebellion on Capitol Hill suffocated his plans. The border adjustment tax (BAT) was opposed by the Koch brothers’ conservative advocacy network and the domestic retail industry, led by Walmart and other firms that sell imported goods. With no interest in or understanding of the legislation, and a nonexistent congressional relations operation, Trump had no ability to secure approval of the idea.  Eight weeks ago, I asked, "Who Wins? Trump vs. Koch Brothers on Jobs." Three weeks ago, I suggested Trump was facing humiliation. Official Failure Today, the Koch brothers' victory is complete, and Trump’s failure is official. Facing certain defeat on the BAT, Trump abandoned his attempt to create American jobs. About Trump's new proposal, the New York Times notes: As of late Tuesday, the plan did not include Mr. Trump’s promised $1 trillion infrastructure program, two of the people said, and it jettisoned a House Republican proposal to impose a substantial tax on imports, known as a border adjustment tax, which would have raised billions of dollars to help offset the cost of the [tax] cuts. What happened? Trump got rolled by the combined lobbying machine of the Koch brothers and the retail industry. Americans for Prosperity, the Kochs' political action organization, ran TV ads denouncing the BAT as a $1.2 trillion tax increase on seniors and the working poor. Another Koch-funded group defined the measure as a tax increase on millennials. The head of the Retail Industry Leaders Association declared, “The border adjustment tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20% more for family essentials." Against this Washington juggernaut, the disorganized and disengaged president didn’t stand a chance. As the Times more gently put it, “Mr. Trump acceded to pressure from retailers and conservative advocacy groups.” Other Priorities Trump’s retreat clarifies his governing priorities. During the 2016 campaign, candidate Trump promised to pass a massive jobs program in his first 100 days. In office, President Trump put repeal of Obamacare first. That failed. He pivoted to tax reform designed to stimulate job creation. That too has failed.   “The border adjustment tax may be revisited later, but was considered too controversial to include now,” the Times reported. The story of the day is Trump's proposal for tax cuts that will increase the deficit. The story behind the story: After 100 days, Trump has not only failed to pass a program to create American jobs, he has failed to offer one.  Jefferson Morley is AlterNet's Washington correspondent. He is the author of  JFK and CIA: The Secret Assassination Files (Kindle) and Snow-Storm in August: Washington City, Francis Scott Key, and the Forgotten Race Riot of 1835.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg WATCH: Disillusioned Trump Voter Goes Off on Supporters Still Making Excuses for the President Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 07:30 WATCH: Ivanka Trump Booed and Hissed After Praising Dad as 'Tremendous Champion' of Families Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:05 10 Weird Takeaways from Trump's Latest Interview Jeremy Binckes / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 09:08 Are Neoconservatives Marching the United States into a Fresh New Hell? Heather Digby Parton / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:40 Paul Krugman: Trump Is Quite Willing to Pretend That Tax Cuts for the Rich Will Help Everyone Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 06:11 Bill O'Reilly's Top Protege Makes Pathetic Excuse After Outrage Builds Over Crude Ivanka Trump Oral Sex Joke Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 09:07 Monsanto Has Violated the Basic Human Right to a Healthy Environment and Food Katherine Paul / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 23:30 10 Signs Trump's Top Homeland Security Cop Wants to Drag America Into a Paranoid Apocalyptic Police State Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:39 Republican North Carolina Judge Resigns—and Slams the GOP on the Way Out Bob Brigham / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:21 Robert Reich: 5 Reasons Why Trump’s Corporate Tax Cut Is Totally Moronic Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 07:20 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Robert Reich: 5 Reasons Why Trump’s Corporate Tax Cut Is Totally Moronic Media Bill O'Reilly's Top Protege Makes Pathetic Excuse After Outrage Builds Over Crude Ivanka Trump Oral Sex Joke Immigration 10 Signs Trump's Top Homeland Security Cop Wants to Drag America Into a Paranoid Apocalyptic Police State The Right Wing 100 Days of Gibberish—Trump Has Weaponized Nonsense It's Official: How the Koch Brothers Killed Trump’s Job Plan News & Politics Bernie Sanders Hits Trump Where It Hurts at Rally for New $15 Minimum Wage Bill News & Politics Chinese Workers Paid $1 an Hour to Make Ivanka Trump's Clothes News & Politics 'Tensions Have Never Been Higher': Stephen Colbert Roasts Trump for Finding a Way to Create a Rift with Canada Media Fox's Ailes Built a Security Door to His Office Over Fears His Dark-Skinned Employees Were Terrorists: Lawsuit News & Politics The 5 Wackiest Ideas About Who Might Pay for the Border Wall Floated This Week The Right Wing Why Trump's Ex-National Security Adviser May Be in Deep Legal Trouble News & Politics What Barack Obama and Bill Clinton Don't Want You to Know About Trump's Frightening Deportation Machine News & Politics Republican North Carolina Judge Resigns—and Slams the GOP on the Way Out Culture Try Seeing If You Can Tell the Difference Between Dictators' Palaces and Trump's Own Home News & Politics How a New York Hotel Deal Could Still Be Earning Trump Profits Right Now Environment Now Trump Is Going After America's National Monuments Comics AlterNet Comics: Jen Sorensen on the Insane Logic of Republican Tax Cuts Books Animals Raised for Food Have Deep Cognitive and Emotional Lives—So Why Do We Treat Them With Such Cruelty? Drugs Groundbreaking Drug Reform Conference Envisions Alliance with Black Academia and How to Take on the New Drug Warriors in Washington World The Battle for India Is On—Civility vs. Bigotry Environment Pope Francis: The World's Most Powerful Advocate for Climate Stability Education Major Weaknesses of New Orleans Charter Schools Have Been Laid Bare FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Bernie Sanders Hits Trump Where It Hurts at Rally for New $15 Minimum Wage Bill White Florida Principal at Majority Black School Told Staff to Put White Students in Same Class Women Beware: Saudi Arabia Charged With Shaping Global Standards For Women's Equality ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 46° F Mostly Cloudy Wind SSE at 2 MPH Pressure 1003 MB Dewpoint 33° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Counterfeiters strike GJ By Gabrielle Porter Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Three Grand Junction stores were targeted on the same day last week by thieves using counterfeit $20 bills, according to police reports. The Grand Junction Police Department received reports that on April 20: ■ “Numerous” subjects at Walmart, 2545 Rimrock Ave., used phony $20 bills to buy more than $1,000 in merchandise in four separate transactions between 8:30 a.m. and 9:20 a.m. ■ More than one subject at Kohl’s, 636 Market St., used 23 counterfeit $20 bills to buy merchandise worth less than $300 between 10:45 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. ■ More than one subject at Target, 2424 U.S. Highway 6&50, used five counterfeit $20 bills to pay for less than $750 worth of merchandise between 1 and 1:50 p.m. Police spokeswoman Heidi Davidson on Monday said the thefts remain under investigation, but couldn’t confirm yet whether they were related. “Part of the investigation will certainly be to compare the details of the crimes, including any evidence we’ve been able to collect, to find commonalities, and see if we can identify a link,” Davidson wrote in an email. “We remind business owners to be alert to these types of crimes and make sure you’ve trained and empowered employees who handle cash to be observant and employ tactics to check the authenticity of cash transactions, whether that be through training or tools like a counterfeit detection pen,” Davidson wrote. Counterfeit detection pens are used to mark bills with ink that changes to a specific color on counterfeit bills. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Full Time Teller/csr Full Time Teller/CSRposition with benefits including paid time... Rn Love NURSING but dread the night/weekend shifts, on-callrequirement or lo... City Of Grand Junction Opportunities Now hiring for the following positions:Certified & Lateral Police Off... Surgical Technician Oral Surgery practice hiring a full-time tech to provideexcellent... Graphic Artist The Nickel is looking for a creative, innovative, experienced graphic des... Rocky Mountain Health Plans Opportunities Administrative Support IVProvide administrative support including sch... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Politics Entertainment World U.S. Tech Arts + Culture Drink + Food Style Marco Bello/Getty Double Deal Russia Gave to Citgo—and Citgo Gave to Trump Many big oil companies funded Trump’s inauguration. Only one is deeply in debt to the Kremlin. Dr. Vanessa Neumann 04.27.17 5:00 AM ET The oil company’s half-million donation to Donald Trump’s Inaugural Committee wasn’t illegal. But it certainly wasn’t moral. And the cash may have come from the Kremlin, at least indirectly. Recently released Federal Election Commission filings show that Citgo, the U.S. subsidiary of the Venezuelan oil company Petróleos de Venezuela (known as PDVSA) gave Trump more money than Shell or Walmart. The donation is unusual for PDVSA: Citgo had not donated to previous presidential inaugural committees. Citgo’s donation to the Trump Inaugural Committee and the horrifying images emerging from Venezuela’s weeks of brutally repressed protests (26 killed, 437 injured, and 1,289 arrested—according to Venezuela’s attorney general; Venezuelan prisoner rights NGO Foro Penal says 1,536 have been “detained” as of April 25) are connected: Russian money and influence is behind both of them. Some of those detained are tortured in Venezuela’s equivalent of CIA headquarters, known as “The Tomb,” for its subterranean torture chambers. The Inaugural Committee donation came days after Citgo (a Delaware-incorporated company with operational headquarters in Houston) mortgaged 49.9 percent of its holdings to Rosneft, an oil company controlled by the Kremlin. That enabled Citgo’s parent company PDVSA to make its bond payments. Rosneft is sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department. So is its CEO, Igor Sechin, “Russia’s Darth Vader.” One of the most feared men in Russia, Sechin is close to Vladimir Putin and is one of Putin’s key instruments of geopolitical power. Net net: If Venezuela defaults on its bond payments, Rosneft (i.e., Putin & Co.) could own several refineries, nine pipelines, and distribution terminals all across the Eastern U.S., from Texas to Maine, without any government oversight. If the Russians end up owning Citgo, they will be using American consumers to fund their autocracy and Assad’s brutality in Syria. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security, impact the flow and price of gasoline for American consumers, and expose critical U.S. infrastructure to national security threats,” a bipartisan group of six senators wrote in a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin earlier this month. The U.S. government is playing catch up. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere’s Chairman and Ranking Member have both called for an investigation and CFIUS review to find out “if Rosneft is already the owner of Citgo.” (CFIUS is the multi-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, made up of the secretary of the Treasury, secretary of Justice, secretary of Homeland Security, secretary of Commerce, secretary of Defense, secretary of State, secretary of Energy, the U.S. Trade Representative, and the head of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.) The Citgo acquisition never underwent a CFIUS review: not when PDVSA bought 50 percent in 1986, nor when it bought the remained in 1990. Venezuela was then an ally of the United States. That is no longer the case: The Venezuelan regime under former President Hugo Chávez and since have become avowed enemies of the U.S. and allied themselves closely with Russia, Iran, China, and Syria. Venezuela’s current vice president, Tareck el-Aissami, is Hezbollah’s bagman and a drug trafficker, like most of the Venezuelan government elite (PDF). In February, Trump sanctioned el-Aissami under the Kingpin Act, which gave Venezuelans hope that Trump would be more proactive in countering their growing dictatorship. As Venezuelan protesters get tear gassed from helicopters, beaten by police or assassinated by government proxy gangs, they tweet their desperate pleas for U.S. government help to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the president, Sen. Marco Rubio, and even Ivanka Trump, but to no avail. Oil was the “national patrimony,” that would always save Venezuela: When I was a child in elementary school in Caracas, we had little pots of petroleum and posters of oil rigs at sunset over Lake Maracaibo. Now oil is the weapon the regime uses against its people. Shady Russian oil money may have even been behind the current mass demonstrations in Venezuela. On March 30, the Venezuelan Supreme Court decreed it would assume all National Assembly legislative functions, effectively dissolving it: a self-coup, called autogolpe in Spanish because it has happened before in Latin America. The Maduro regime wanted to sign oil deals the opposition-controlled National Assembly would not approve. What Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro was after was more money from Rosneft. International condemnation of the coup was swift and broad, so the next day, the Supreme Court issued a statement that it had reversed its decision—but it quietly kept its power to sign oil deals. The dragon of Venezuelan citizen anger has been unleashed: cancelled elections, hunger, death from disease and lack of medicines, hyperinflation that means a bag full of money can’t buy you bread… which you can’t find anyway. All are instigated by a kleptocracy estimated to have funneled hundreds of billions into personal foreign bank accounts and made Venezuela into the world’s biggest transit point for cocaine and a major funder of Hezbollah. The Maduro regime is a security threat no matter how you count it, with the worst yet to come. Once a staunch U.S. ally with deep, century-old ties to the Rockefeller family, Venezuela is now the biggest failed state in the Western Hemisphere. The U.S. military’s Southern Command chief, Adm. Kurt Tidd, testified before Congress on April 6 that Venezuela could destabilize the entire region. If not resolved soon, the crisis may well result in an outflow of 30 million people: bigger than the Syrian refugee crisis and in our own hemisphere. Likely to be most affected is neighboring Colombia, which the U.S. has spent more than $10 billion stabilizing under Plan Colombia, to keep it from being a failed state under the pincer pressures of drug trafficking and drug-funded terrorist insurgencies, of which the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) is the biggest. Just when Colombia is stable and the Colombian government is on the verge of reaching peace with the FARC, which it has fought since 1964, it faces destabilization from its neighbor. Two years ago Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was asked: “What keeps you up at night? The FARC?” “No,” Santos answered. “Venezuela.” Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily DigestStart and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat SheetA speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason April 19 was the “Mother of All Protests”: 6 million Venezuelans turned out to demonstrate that they want the elections that were supposed to be held last December. The next day Maduro announced he would give out 500,000 weapons to civilian militias to defend his Bolivarian Revolution: a revolution that has people dying and eating trash in a country with the world’s largest oil reserves. Never mind that some he was arming to fight for him were old, hungry, and didn’t even have shoes. Santos promptly dispatched his Foreign Minister to ask the UN “to investigate the militarization of Venezuelan society.” Hungry millions rushing his borders brandishing weapons is the Colombian president’s worst nightmare. Venezuela’s other neighbors are less tempting: Guyana is poor and the Brazilian border is buffered by thick jungle on both sides. The other options are “the ABCs:” life rafts to Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao, which belong to the Netherlands. That is already happening. At every meeting I attend in Washington, D.C., on Venezuela, the Dutch are there; so are Shell and ExxonMobil. They are waiting for the Maduro regime to tip over and swoop in for the privatization of the world’s largest oil reserves for “the price of a skinny chicken,” as we say in Spanish. Halliburton maintains legal representation in Caracas and is poised to strike deals at just the right time, and Shell reckons the problem with Venezuelan oil is its management: It has calculated that it could turn a profit in 6.8 years, where it would take the current regime 200 years. Venezuelans would now welcome nearly anything that removes resources from this kleptocracy and brings economic development with rule of law and protection of private property. The opposition leaders (including my distant cousin Maria Corina Machado) are mostly U.S.-educated and from industrialist families. But when the time comes, political history may color local sentiment toward American business. Obama did nothing, and former Rep. Joe Kennedy famously appeared in ads praising Hugo Chávez for Citgo giving Boston cheap heating oil. Now that Chávez’s successor’s brutality is on full display, the whole Kennedy clan I’m sure would rather we forget. But Venezuelans don’t. And now the Rosneft-Citgo-Trump story is widespread and will soon give another target for opposition rage: financial complicity as a reason for U.S. inaction. If American companies don’t want to be viewed as part of the same kleptocratic swamp that has engulfed Venezuela and drowned its people, they should encourage the administration to politely return the money it has been given by the abuser of 30 million hungry and tortured Venezuelans it once called friends. Dr. Vanessa Neumann is a Venezuelan-American and president of the trade integrity and political risk consultancy Asymmetrica. Her book Blood Profits: How American Consumers Unwittingly Fund Terrorists will be published by St. Martin’s Press this autumn. READ THIS LIST 1 Russia Gave to Citgo—They Gave to Trump Dr. Vanessa Neumann About Advertise Contact Jobs Help Privacy Code of Ethics & Standards Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark © 2017 The Daily Beast Company LLC
Print   Email   Font Resize Local News Librarian shares tips on cake decorating There are variety of ways you can decorate a cake By Callie Jones Journal-Advocate news editor Posted:   04/26/2017 10:21:55 PM MDT Denise Ladd, left, and her daughter, Micaela, demonstrate how to decorate a cake using candy during Sterling Public Library's "It's Not Rocket Science" program Tuesday. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) Next time you go to the Logan County Fair make sure you take time to appreciate the cakes made by local 4-H members, because they take a lot of work, as Denise Ladd, children's librarian at Sterling Public Library, well knows. Ladd and her daughter, Micaela, who took part in the 4-H cake decorating contests for a number of years, did a presentation on cake decorating at SPL's "It's Not Rocket Science" program Tuesday. Denise said she got started cake decorating several years ago, when she signed up for a cheap Wilton decorating class that was being offered at Wal-Mart. The class was three hours for three or four days and it taught the very basics. After that, a Sterling craft store which has since gone out of business offered the second course, so she enrolled in that, as well as a third course when it was offered. Denise and Micaela Ladd made a number of cakes for Sterling Public Library's "It's Not Rocket Science" cake decorating program. On the left is a cake decorated with candy, next is a character cake, in the middle is a cutaway cake and on the right is cupcakes designed to look like an ice cream cone. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) "At that point I was just kind of doing it for fun, doing it for my kids," she said. "I was kind of using what I learned and taking it another couple steps and stuff." When Micaela was about 9 or 10 years old she decided that she wanted to do cake decorating in 4-H. "She picked it up and then we taught each other. First couple of years I taught her and then later we were figuring it out together," Denise Ladd said. She explained that 4-H has 12 cake decorating units and they get increasingly harder every year. "The skills get a little bit harder, but they are great about teaching you and building up to it," Denise said. Advertisement Before going into how to decorate a cake, she started with how to bake a cake. Denise recommends using Baker's Joy cooking spray on the pan, as it has the flour already mixed into it and works great to make sure the cake comes out of the pan without falling apart. Also, make sure to fill the pan full; Denise noted when she uses cake mixes often the box says that one cake mix will fill two pans, but usually it takes one box just to fill one pan, so that the cake isn't too short. Denise Ladd, left, and her daughter, Micaela, talk about the cake Micaela decorated for the 2016 Logan County Fair, which won grand champion, during a cake decorating "It's Not Rocket Science" program at Sterling Public Library. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) After the cake is done baking, cut the top of it off to smooth it out. When it comes to frosting a cake, different frosting consistencies will do different things. Use thin frosting to write on a cake, medium to frost with and the thick frosting to decorate with. Before you frost a cake, make sure to get all the crumbs off it. Denise recommended using a glass to hold open your bag while you fill it with frosting. You can use different kinds of frosting bags - plastic disposable bags, cloth fabric bags that are reusable or parchment bags. Once you put the frosting around the entire cake, use a spatula to smooth out the frosting; angled spatulas are best. When you go to take the spatula off, easily, gradually pull it off, don't try to pull it off all at once. You can also use a paper towel without decorations to help smooth it out even more after you're done with the spatula, just rub the towel on the cake like you're rubbing someone's back. "This is something you've kind of got to work on and get a feel for," Denise said about learning to frost a cake. When you go to decorate a cake, a coupler will allow you to screw different tips onto one bag, so that you don't have to use different bags for each tip. Don't get your bag too full, it's better to go back and refill it, otherwise your hand will cramp. The most basic way to decorate a cake is with objects, which is what 4-H students learn in the first year of cake decorating. Denise and Micaela demonstrated how to make a beach-themed cake using candy. Crushed graham crackers were used for the sand, Peachie's candy for flotation devices, licorice for seaweed, and Swedish Fish for sea life. Next, they talked about how to do a character cake using a castle cake they made an example. Pans for character cakes can be found at many stores and Denise said these types of cakes are great for learning. This is what 4-H members are asked to make by unit four. They also demonstrated how to make flowers to decorate a cake with. Remember to let the flowers dry before you put them on the cake though. The flowers last a long time, so you can even make them a few days before you make the cake. Next, the two spoke about cutaway cakes, which start with basic cake shapes, but then the pieces are rearranged to make different shapes. They made a heart shaped cake using this technique, but you can get more complicated and make things like an Easter bunny. In 4-H, the next level of cake decorating is making cupcakes. Decorate them individually or make a design out of a group of cupcakes, Micaela and Denise made an ice cream cone using pink and chocolate frosted cupcakes. Another way to decorate a cake is using fondant and gum paste. When Micaela made it to this unit in 4-H, she became the teacher and her mother became the student. Last year Micaela won grand champion at the Logan County Fair with the cake she made for this unit and took fifth place at the Colorado State Fair. By this point students are able to use Styrofoam for the cake and then decorate it, instead of actually baking a cake; so she still has the cake and was able to show it off Tuesday. Lastly, the two spoke about how to make and decorate tiered cakes, using cardboard and dowels to stack the layers on and secure them. At the end of the program, several lucky guests got to take home the cakes the presenters made and everyone got to enjoy a cupcake. The theme for the next "It's Not Rocket Science" program, Tuesday, May 23, is "Lovin' My Dutch Oven." Sterling Boy Scouts will demonstrate how to cook a whole meal using just a Dutch oven. Callie Jones: 970-526-9286, cjones@journal-advocate.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 27 - April 30 Today, April 27Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Free legal clinic May 8 at Sterling Public Libary Plantin' pumpkins at museum May 6   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Scarsella gets 15 years for shooting 5 at Jamar Clark protest Issues MPR News Staff · Apr 26, 2017 Allen Scarsella was convicted of shooting Black Lives Matter protesters outside the 4th Precinct. Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Updated 2:43 p.m. | Posted 2:08 p.m. Allen Scarsella, the Bloomington man convicted of shooting and wounding five men at a protest over the 2015 police killing of Jamar Clark, was sentenced Wednesday to 15 years in prison. The shooting happened Nov. 23, 2015, a little over a week after Clark was shot and killed by a Minneapolis police officer. Clark's shooting set off weeks of protests, including an extended encampment outside the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis. Scarsella, 25, testified during his trial that he was not sympathetic to the protesters, so he went to the encampment site to make fun of them and record some video. When protesters chased him away down a dark street that night, Scarsella claimed he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and fired in self-defense. • Full coverage: Jamar Clark shooting During his trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Scarsella, who is white, was motivated by racial bias to shoot the protesters, who are all black. The prosecution showed jurors a trail of racist text messages that Scarsella sent to his friends. Paramedics tend to one of the shooting victims. Christopher Juhn for MPR News file In some cases, he referred to black people as chimps; another text message mentioned shooting "black guys;" he texted his girlfriend from a Wal-Mart complaining of "smelly brown people" at the store. • Scarsella's texts: A trail of racist message to his friends Scarsella said he was joking and that the text messages were only meant to be shared with friends who knew he wasn't serious. One of his victims, however, told the court of the deep damage Scarsella had done to him. "Right now, still to this day, I can't work because of the pain ... I can't provide for my family," shooting victim Cameron Clark told Judge Hilary Caligiuri prior to the sentencing as Scarsella sat nearby in a jail-issued orange jumpsuit. Clark was shot in the leg with the bullet narrowly missing an artery. • One victim's pain: A lingering nightmare and a damaged leg • Breakdown: The case, by the numbers Defense attorney Laura Heinrich told the judge prior to sentencing that Scarsella was remorseful about the shooting. "That is something he feels deeply sorry about," she said. She pressed the court for a probationary sentence, warning that descriptions of the crime as a "racially motivated mass shooting puts Mr. Scarsella in a position where he's likely going to be targeted for violent conduct" in prison. Retribution, she said, was not the goal of sentencing. Scarsella was found guilty on a total of 12 counts, including assault with a dangerous weapon and riot. Before hearing his sentence, he told the judge Wednesday he was remorseful that he'd hurt people. "I'll live with that for the rest of my life, he said. "It's not what I wanted. I wish that it hadn't happened." Scarsella will be required to serve at least two-thirds of his 15-year sentence in prison, Caligiuri said. He was facing as many as 19 years in prison. Before the sentencing, Cameron Clark told the judge that Scarsella should have been on trial for premeditated murder. Had the roles been reversed, Clark added, and it had been him, a black man, shooting white people, the law would have come down heavier. The courtroom was packed. Before beginning the hearing, Caligiuri asked people sitting in the gallery, as well as the court staff sitting in the jury box, to refrain from making any audible reactions to any of the words spoken by anyone during the proceeding. Just before passing sentence, Caligiuri told Scarsella she was amazed that people, particularly well-educated people, "still held such repugnant ideas in this days and age." She said she didn't know if that's really what he believed or if it was just preening for an audience. "Either way, you brought a loaded gun" to the protest, she said. "I don't believe for a second you wore a mask that night because it was cold ... The only saving grace is that your shots didn't kill their targets." Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Listen: A majority of Americans find tax system unfair 3 hours ago Next Minnesota woman gets probation for supporting al-Shabab 3 hours ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 3:01 PM · Apr 26, 2017 About the author MPR News Staff • Reporter Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Coughlin School Work: W-B Area school projects Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Pro Golf Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Kingston couple plead guilty to raiding church account POLL Does your lawn need to be mowed yet? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments Update: Frein sentenced to death Guard accused of relationship with inmate Geno Lewis awaits call from NFL Kingston couple plead guilty to raiding church account Assault charges dismissed against man involved in fatal 2013 crash Obituaries Celli, Ann G. Dunston Chirco, Annmarie Jutkiewicz Donaldson, Judith Jakubiak, Service hours for Koytek, Edward A. Sachs, Margaret T. Sincavage, Judith Stocker, Lena C. Weislogel, Howard H. James Halpin / Published: April 27, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     THE CITIZENS’ VOICE FILE Keith and Cherie White of Kingston pleaded guilty to two felony theft-related charges each under a plea deal with prosecutors. KINGSTON — The congregation at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church trusted Cherie and Keith White with nearly everything, giving them unfettered access to the church’s finances. The Whites took advantage of that faith by neglecting to pay bills, including those for taxes and insurance, as they raided church coffers to the tune of $175,000, according to prosecutors. During a years-long series of thefts, the Kingston couple racked up tabs for dinners, veterinary bills, clothing and shopping trips to Walmart in a scheme motivated by “pure and simple greed,” the church’s pastor, the Rev. Paul Metzloff, said Wednesday. “They were living the big life on the congregation’s nickel,” Metzloff said. “They wanted to live a lot higher a lifestyle than they actually earned, so they stole.” The Whites on Wednesday admitted to the crime, pleading guilty to two felony theft-related charges each under a plea deal with prosecutors that resulted in additional charges being dismissed. Cherie White, 45, pleaded guilty to theft and access device fraud; while Keith White, 52, pleaded guilty to access device fraud and conspiracy to commit theft. They declined to comment as they left the courtroom. Assistant District Attorney Gregory S. Skibitsky Jr. said prosecutors agreed to the deal because the Whites each pleaded to the most serious charge they were facing and agreed to make restitution, avoiding the need for a costly trial in an unfortunate case. “Here you have a situation where two folks, a husband and wife, were placed in a position of trust with the church and essentially, because of that position of trust and because of their abuse of that trust, they were allowed to really victimize the church, the church members, the church employees for a period of years,” Skibitsky said. “Realistically, because of their abuse of that position of trust, they put an entire church community at risk.” According to prosecutors, the thefts began in 2010 when Cherie White, the church’s former secretary, got an unauthorized debit card linked to the church’s checking account. Metzloff said the couple had been involved in the church for years and that Cherie White began working there as an administrative assistant. She eventually gained responsibility for paying bills, while Keith White became the church president. “At some point the two of them realized that people trusted them and that they could take advantage of that,” Metzloff said. “They acted like they were friends to many people, and clearly they were not. We were not their friends. We were their dupes.” Over the years, the Whites — who were the only people with access to the church’s accounts — used the debit card to make $97,000 in “questionable” transactions, while also writing themselves tens of thousands of dollars in extra paychecks, according to prosecutors. The couple was finally caught last year after it became apparent the church was “hemorrhaging huge amounts of money” and the church council demanded financial information from the Whites, who had resisted previous inquiries, Metzloff said. In accepting their pleas, Luzerne County Judge David W. Lupas allowed the couple to remain free on unsecured bail pending sentencing July 6. The judge also ordered the Whites to pay $174,482 in restitution. Metzloff said that amount is what was verified as stolen and doesn’t include pilfered cash, unpaid taxes and a three-year lapse in the church’s insurance coverage the Whites allowed. The actual loss to the church is closer to $250,000, he said. “They did all kinds of damage to the congregation to hide their theft,” Metzloff said. “They drove the congregation almost to extinction. If they had not been caught when they were, another year or two we would be closed. Going to the edge of the cliff and coming back can be scary, but we’re back from it a good ways now.” Contact the writer:   570-821-2058, @cvjimhalpin We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
null
» · DonaldTrump · Trump · Republicans · Democrats · Community · Immigration · Politics · Elections · HealthCare · Obamacare · GOP · Media · 2018 · ClimateChange · Senate · Russia · Science · borderwall · Environment · Congress · Progressives · AffordableCareAct · trumpcare · NorthKorea · BernieSanders · OpenThread · House · PaulRyan · Budget · election Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Appoint a special prosecutor on Russia's ties to the Trump campaign Much of the intelligence has been declassified, and 17 federal agencies agree: The Russian government interfered in our... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile In Minnesota, Walmart-style education is not a figure of speech By Laura Clawson   Tuesday Apr 25, 2017 · 12:11 PM PDT 2017/04/25 · 12:11 31 Comments Share this article 42 42 42 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS CharterSchools Education Minnesota Privatization Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 31 Comments Share this article 42 42 42 Here’s the effort to kill public schools in action. There are 36,000 students in Minneapolis-St. Paul public schools, Ed Hive MN’s Rob Levine reports. There are about 25,000 students in charter schools in the area, and charter backers have a plan to create another 30,000 seats in charter schools in the next few years. Where is all the money coming from to start these charter schools? A lot of different rich people and their personal foundations, but one name in particular stands out: Walton, as in the Walmart Waltons. One foundation – the Walton Family Foundation – heirs to the Walmart fortune, has started or helped to start 70 Minnesota charter schools, or 28% of all charter schools ever opened in the state. Of those 70 startups only 46 are still operating, representing 26% of all charters operating in the state. One in four charter schools in the entire state of Minnesota got Walmart money to start. Does anything in their record, anything in how they do business, make you think the Waltons are doing this out of concern for Minnesota children? No. This is about privatizing America—and breaking down the idea that the government should work for the public good. 31 Comments Share this article 42 42 42 31 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Courts Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Courts Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections First degree murder trial State, defense rests cases in 2015 smothering death Becky Campbell • Updated Yesterday at 9:55 PM bcampbell@johnsoncitypress.com After more than three hours on the witness stand Wednesday, the defense’s forensic expert ultimately came to the same conclusion about Karen Parker’s 2015 death as the case pathologist had found — she was murdered. Exactly how the 59-year-old woman died was still in dispute, but not by much. Parker was found lying in her living room floor with a pillow and blanket over her head by a maintenance worker at Westgate Village Apartments, where she lived. Two men were arrested in the case, and one of them has been on trial in a Jonesborough courtroom this week for murder and robbery. After being arrested on an unrelated charge, Aaron Garland, 23, of Elizabethton, gave a statement to former Johnson City police investigator Justin Adams, the lead investigator on the case who has since left the department. In that statement, which Adams read to the jury Wednesday, Garland said it was his co-defendant, Dallas Sarden’s idea to rob Parker for her car on August 17, 2015. They knocked on Parker’s apartment door — right beside Garland’s cousin’s apartment where he’d been staying — but Parker said she’d get a cigarette and be right out. They knocked on the door again, and when Parker opened it Sarden punched her, according to Garland’s statement. The pair began rummaging through Parker’s apartment looking for her car keys, but when she threatened to call 911, they took turns holding her down and sitting on her to prevent that call. At some point, according to Garland’s statement, he returned to where they had Parker down and he realized she wasn’t responding. Garland’s statement indicated he took $45 while Sarden took Parker’s bank card and a Walmart gift card. The pair used the cash to buy food at Red Lobster, the gift card for gas, cigarettes and cigars and the debit card for food at McDonald’s and items at Kroger. State prosecutors delivered testimony from a McDonald’s manager, who presented a video showing the two men making purchases with a credit card; a Shoney’s manager who said Garland tried to use a credit card with the name “Karen” on it, but it was declined, and a Regions Bank manager who showed the jury other attempted transactions, including those at Greyhound and Kentucky Fried Chicken. The state’s forensic witness, East Tennessee State University pathologist Dr. Eugene Scheuerman performed the autopsy on Parker and determined the manner of death was homicide. Scheuerman’s report indicated Parker died from suffocation, blunt force injuries and possible strangulation. Contributors to her death were coronary artery disease, hypertensive heart disease — aka high blood pressure — and COPD. He pointed out bruises on Parker’s head that could have caused a concussion, but said the blunt force trauma on its own would not have killed her. But that, coupled with her health conditions and the theory someone was sitting on her, did cause her death, Scheuerman testified. Defense forensic expert Dr. John Hunsaker basically agreed with Scheuerman about how Parker died — homicide — but he said there were other factors that could have caused it as opposed to the pathologist's opinion. Hunsaker said he reviewed the autopsy report, a toxicology report prepared by ETSU toxicologist Dr. Kenneth Ferslew that showed four medications — Prozac, tramadol, diazepam and the breakdown of klonopin — in Parker’s system. Hunsaker said the mixture of medications could have caused a toxic effect on Parker if she was in a situation to exert herself by struggling. “It’s a complicated case. There’s no doubt about that,” Hunsaker said. But he went on to question why there was a delay in when the autopsy was completed and the autopsy report was completed. “Everything that went into the autopsy report that has to do with the cause of death was known when the autopsy was completed. Maybe it required some more evaluation … maybe the pathologist was busy with a lot of other duties and didn’t fully conclude it until two months after the autopsy.” Hunsaker went on to say that even if the death is a homicide, “I would not consider manual strangulation as a component and I would probably tend to invoke that if she was battered in such a way that would (cause) an irregular heart beat due to stress, and the heart was the primary organ that failed because of that.” During opening statements, defense attorney Bill Francisco had told jurors he had two witnesses — neighbors of Parkers — who would testify that Parker was often intoxicated and on one occasion she had answered the door for them so intoxicated she was on her knees. That pledge tanked when neither woman gave testimony to support what Francisco has said. Barbara Friday, who called Parker a close friend, testified she was with Parker the day before her friend was found dead. The two did laundry together and sat on the laundry room porch talking for a bit. Friday said she was alarmed when she saw the police and ambulance at Parker’s apartment on Aug. 18, 2015 “Well, Karen was my friend. My close friend. And when I saw them carrying her out I thought, ‘Oh my God she must have burned herself or hurt herself,’ ” Friday testified. She said the evening before, around 10:30 p.m. Parker called and asked for a cigarette. Friday told her she’d bring one, but never did. “Well, I didn’t know what was going on … the overhead light was on …. the apartment was lit up … Karen always used her lamp. She never used that overhead light. From what Karen told me, I was afraid,” Friday said. “I wish I would have stopped in a way. … I might have got hurt, too, if I’d stopped,” Another woman, Patricia Reed, testified she went to Parker’s on one occasion with Friday. When Francisco asked Reed if Parker came to the door on her knees, she said no. “Two neighbors saw her that morning,” Francisco in opening statements Tuesday. “They had to take care of her, took care of her laundry. While they’re doing laundry with her, she was very distraught, she was unhappy; she said she didn’t want to live anymore, she wanted to die. She’d had suicidal thoughts previously and had been treated. She was an unhappy woman.” Both sides rested Wednesday, and the jury will hearing closing arguments Thursday morning before starting deliberations. Garland faces life in prison if convicted. He remains jailed on a $100,000 bond while the case is pending. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Skip to content Independent news source for Breckenridge, Frisco, Dillon, Keystone, Copper, and Silverthorne, Colorado – snow and skiing, local and world events, climate, wildlife, environment, forests and more Search Summit County Citizens Voice Major U.S. companies urge Trump to stay in Paris climate deal The Paris agreement is the world’s best chance of limiting global warming and avoiding major climate disruptions. @bberwyn photo. Global agreement helps manage climate risks, generates jobs Staff Report Major companies, including across the U.S. economy are urging President Trump to keep the United States in the Paris climate change agreement. The U.S. must stay at the table to help steer efforts to manage rising climate risks and compete in expanding global clean energy markets, according to a letter to the president Trump organized by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. “By committing all countries to action, the agreement expands markets for innovative clean technologies, generating jobs and economic growth,” the letter says. “U.S. companies are well positioned to lead, and lack of U.S. participation could put their access to these growing markets at risk.’’ The letter was signed by BP, DuPont, General Mills, Google, Intel, Microsoft, National Grid, Novartis Corporation, PG&E, Schneider Electric, Shell, Unilever and Walmart. These Fortune 500 companies are among the top U.S. retail, tech, power, energy, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, and consumer goods companies, with a combined market capitalization of nearly $2.5 trillion. The Paris Agreement has been ratified by 143 countries, including the United States. The White House has said a decision on whether to stay in the agreement is due before the president attends the G7 Summit in Italy in late May. The companies told the president that U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement helps them compete and plan future investments by ensuring a more balanced global climate effort, setting long-term objectives, improving transparency, and encouraging market-based approaches to minimize costs. The letter also notes that strengthening global action over time will reduce future climate impacts that damage or disrupt business facilities and operations, supply chains, agricultural productivity, and water supplies. “U.S. business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response,” the letter says. “We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework.” C2ES President Bob Perciasepe said, “Business leaders recognize the costly impacts of climate change, and the opportunities for jobs and growth in a clean technology future.” “Corporate leadership was critical to delivering the Paris Agreement,” Perciasepe said. “But the agreement will only achieve its full promise if the U.S. stays on board. These companies from across the U.S. economy are laying out the clear business case for doing just that.” Paris Agreement Q&A Summary of the Paris Agreement Advertisements Share this: Reddit Twitter Google Facebook Email Like this: Like Loading... Related climate and weather extreme weather global warming Bob Berwyn April 26, 2017 business economy global warming Paris climate agreement Trump Post navigation Sunday set: Global change Bill would end searches of electronic devices for U.S. citizens returning from travel abroad One thought on “Major U.S. companies urge Trump to stay in Paris climate deal” GarryRogers says: April 26, 2017 at 7:13 pm We couldn’t (wouldn’t) meet our emissions goals anyway. Staying in would just be a good public-relations strategy. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
  Sök bland 68248 doktorsavhandlingar från svenska högskolor och universitet! Visa bara avhandlingar i fulltext   Gör en mer avancerad sökning » Sökning: "Big%2B4" Hittade 0 avhandlingar innehållade ordet Big%2B4. Din sökning efter "Big%2B4" gav tyvärr inget resultat. Är du säker på att stavningen är korrekt? Testa att söka igen, med andra söktermer! Sökningar just nu våtmarker Indien Lbw2 CoreTherm Cross-section Status pore size distribution väckelse magneto-optical hip arthroplasty Lars Tegnér gradient nanotopography Populära sökningar supervisor Philippians Asymmetric hydrogenation vascular endothelium urban road links Joakim Esbjörnsson trend stake minor salivary glands Vicki Paskalia multicultural context oxidation state Avhandlingar med många visningar igår (2017-04-26) Naturvetenskap i tillblivelse Barns meningsskapande kring biologisk mångfald och en hållbar framtid Advanced Kalman Filtering Approaches to Bayesian State Estimation Developmental regulation of smooth muscle contraction in the urinary bladder All Digital Polar Transmitter Design for Software Defined Radio Architecture and Low Power Circuit Implementation Approximation of Schrödinger Operators and Scattering Data Using Multiresolution Analysis Generation of midbrain dopaminergic neurons in vivo and in vitro: the role of Neurogenin2 Att styra i namn av barns fritid : En nutidshistoria om konstruktionen av dagens fritidshem i samordning med skolan Contact Allergy to Autoxidized Fragrance Terpenes. Chemical Characterization, Analysis, and Studies of Contact Allergenic Activity Human Papillomavirus vaccination: Immunological and epidemiological studies Från idé till politisk verklighet. Föräldrapolitiken i Sverige och Danmark Se gårdagens mest populära sökningar här.
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store Trump Wants to Give Himself a Tax Cut and Undermine the Tax Code by John Cassidy Your Competition for the Coffee Shop’s Couch Seat by Jeremy Nguyen “Bush Mama”: A Landmark Film, and a Reminder of Cinema’s Exclusionary History by Richard Brody What Pregnant Athletes Can Achieve by Mary Pilon Donald Trump’s Unintelligible Presidency by Amy Davidson Obama’s Barrage of Complete Sentences Seen as Brutal Attack on Trump by Andy Borowitz We Live in the Reproductive Dystopia of “The Handmaid’s Tale” by Moira Weigel Rod Dreher’s Monastic Vision by Joshua Rothman Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close John Cassidy Trump Wants to Give Himself a Tax Cut and Undermine the Tax Code By John Cassidy   April 26, 2017 Gary Cohn, Donald Trump’s top economic adviser, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin unveiled the President’s new tax plan at the White House on Wednesday.CreditPHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREW HARRER / BLOOMBERG / GETTY “This is quite an historic day for us…. We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to do something really big,” Gary Cohn, the former president of Goldman Sachs, who now serves as President Trump’s top economic adviser, told reporters at the White House on Wednesday. Trump’s desire to reform the U.S. tax code is big—clearly—but the actual plan, which Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin unveiled at the press conference, was nothing more than a sketch. And even as the details remain to be filled out, there’s much reason to doubt the plan’s viability in Congress. Still, Cohn and Mnuchin confirmed a couple of important things about this Administration’s approach and intentions when it comes to taxes. The first is that Trump wants to give himself a big tax break, and not just by slashing the tax rates that high earners and business owners face. Thanks to a leaked tax filing, one thing we know about Trump’s tax history is that in 2005 he paid the federal government thirty-eight million dollars on income of about a hundred and fifty million dollars. But, because Trump had so many deductions, and exploited so many loopholes, his initial tax liability that year was much lower: $5.3 million. The only reason he ended up paying thirty-eight million is that he got caught by the Alternative Minimum Tax (A.M.T.)—a fallback mechanism that the Internal Revenue Service uses to prevent people like him from paying too little. If Trump’s plan goes into effect, the A.M.T. will be eliminated. Why? Mnuchin’s explanation was that the tax code is too complex. “The A.M.T. is just another example of a … complicated set of rules,” he said. If Trump gets his way, he and other rich people won’t have to worry about the A.M.T. With the help of their accountants, they will be able to minimize their tax exposures in the knowledge that the I.R.S. won’t be able to undo their handiwork. Cohn and Mnuchin also confirmed that Trump wants to blow up the personal-income side of the tax code. They didn’t present it like that, of course. Trump’s proposal would cut the tax rate for large corporations from thirty-five per cent to fifteen percent. Stressing that Trump wanted to help out small-business owners, too, Cohn and Mnuchin explained that the President’s plan would also slash the tax rate for owners of so-called “pass-through” businesses—such as sole proprietorships, S Corporations, and L.L.C.s—to the same fifteen per cent. To people unfamiliar with the tax code, this proposal may sound reasonable. Why shouldn’t a restaurant owner or building contractor who employs fifty or sixty people pay the same tax rate as Walmart, or, indeed as Goldman Sachs? Those who stand to benefit the most from Trump’s proposal, however, aren’t local businesses or owners of mom-and-pop stores—they are hedge-fund managers, private-equity moguls, real-estate investors, and other wealthy groups that organize their businesses in “pass through” partnerships specifically to take advantage of the tax code. “About half of all pass-through income flows to the top 1 percent of households (those with incomes above $693,500 in 2016),” the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities said in a February report. “About 27 percent goes to the bottom 90 percent of households.” Under the current system, high earners are obliged to pay the top rate of federal income tax—currently 39.6 per cent—on any pass-through income they receive. Cutting the rate to fifteen percent, as Trump recommends, would present them with a huge tax cut. How huge? Last year, the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center estimated that introducing a flat rate of fifteen per cent on pass-through income would reduce tax revenues by about nine hundred billion dollars over ten years. In the absence of other revenue enhancers, which are sorely lacking in Trump’s plan—which is financed by issuing more debt—the burden of this tax cut would fall on future taxpayers. There’s another big problem. In setting the top rate of income tax at thirty-five per cent and the rate on pass-through income at fifteen per cent rate, the Trump reform would give high-income earners a great incentive to reclassify themselves as small-business owners, so they would be eligible for the lower rate. Take a senior corporate lawyer with taxable income of five hundred thousand dollars a year after deductions. As an employee, her tax liability would be a hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars. But if she reclassified herself as the sole-proprietor of a legal-consulting company, the liability would be seventy-five thousand dollars. She would save a hundred thousand dollars. When you think about Trump’s proposal, the possibilities for tax avoidance can seem limitless. “I could form a consulting company and sell my services to the Urban Institute,” Joseph Rosenberg, a senior research associate at the Tax Policy Center, which is a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution, told me. “There are going to be a lot of people who would figure out that they can pay a lot less tax if they can be classified as self-employed.” The potential effect on the over-all tax system, which is heavily dependent on contributions from high earners, is alarming. In their analysis of Trump’s campaign tax plan, Rosenberg and his colleagues estimated that people shifting wages and salaries to business income would reduce over-all tax revenues by another six hundred and fifty billion dollars over ten years. But Rosenberg acknowledged there was great deal of uncertainty. “A lot depends on what is done to police that boundary” between salary income and business income, he said. “And a lot of this stuff is fairly arbitrary.’ At the White House press conference, Mnuchin acknowledged there could be a problem. But he downplayed it, saying it would be resolved in the detailed framing of the tax plan, which could take months. “We will make sure that there are rules in place so that wealthy people can’t create pass-throughs and use that as a mechanism to avoid paying the tax rate that they should be on the personal side,” he said. For some reason, it didn’t sound entirely reassuring. John Cassidy has been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1995. He also writes a column about politics, economics, and more for newyorker.com. More Get the latest from John Cassidy delivered straight to your inbox. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular Donald Trump’s Unintelligible Presidency By Amy Davidson Obama’s Barrage of Complete Sentences Seen as Brutal Attack on Trump By Andy Borowitz We Live in the Reproductive Dystopia of “The Handmaid’s Tale” By Moira Weigel Rod Dreher’s Monastic Vision By Joshua Rothman Things I Learned About Finance Bros by (Briefly) Dating a Finance Bro By Tara Isabella Burton Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via SecureDrop. » More From the New Yorker John Cassidy Trump’s Tax Plan Looks Like a Plutocrat’s Dream John Cassidy John Cassidy The Real Trump Agenda: Helping Big Business John Cassidy Amy Davidson Donald Trump’s Unintelligible Presidency Amy Davidson Satire from the Borowitz Report Obama’s Barrage of Complete Sentences Seen as Brutal Attack on Trump Andy Borowitz Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Cloudy skies early. A few showers developing later in the day. High near 45F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Cloudy with rain and snow showers in the evening. Snow showers overnight. Low 33F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of precip 50%. Snow accumulations less than one inch. Updated: April 26, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close 1 of 2 Buy Now KIRA VERCRUYSSEN, Missoulian University of Montana senior Sophie Hainline, left, practices a scene with 7-year-old Suzana Kambale from a play created by several Congolese refugees in Missoula. The Congolese refugee families perform "When One Becomes Many" at 7 p.m. Sunday in the University of Montana's UC Ballroom. Buy Now KIRA VERCRUYSSEN, Missoulian Joel Makeci, center, discusses details for the weekend's play with Elizabeth Koenig and Taylor Wyllie of UM's Franke Global Leadership Initiative during the final dress rehearsal in the UC Ballroom. top story Missoula's Congolese take stage for glimpse at refugee plight KIM BRIGGEMAN kbriggeman@missoulian.com Kim Briggeman Apr 26, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago Buy Now KIRA VERCRUYSSEN, Missoulian University of Montana senior Sophie Hainline, left, practices a scene with 7-year-old Suzana Kambale from a play created by several Congolese refugees in Missoula. The Congolese refugee families perform "When One Becomes Many" at 7 p.m. Sunday in the University of Montana's UC Ballroom. Buy Now KIRA VERCRUYSSEN, Missoulian Joel Makeci, center, discusses details for the weekend's play with Elizabeth Koenig and Taylor Wyllie of UM's Franke Global Leadership Initiative during the final dress rehearsal in the UC Ballroom. There’s only so much you can tell people who’ve never been there about the miseries of a refugee camp. Congolese families in Missoula are set to show us instead. “When One Becomes Many” is a (roughly) 90-minute play conceived in war and refugee camps of Africa, honed at Sunday practices in Missoula, and blossoming Sunday at 7 p.m. on a small stage in the University Center Ballroom. “I can speak to you my idea, but that cannot be to all the people,” Joel Makeci told a reporter Wednesday morning. "Because at the play many people will be there, we will speak it one time to many people and our message will go far.” Makeci, a 34-year-old musician and father of five, has become a spokesmen for the Missoula Unit Artist Group. The theater group, like its first play, was created by the refugees themselves, five families from camps in east Africa who began arriving in western Montana last August and have since settled into apartments, jobs, churches and schools around Missoula. “We wrote the play all together,” explained Makeci, who works at a local Wal-Mart. “Someone can have an idea and we can correct to make the idea speak to anything.” It’s a somber topic that denounces the stupidity of war that drove families like Makeci’s from their native Democratic Republic of Congo. He was a young boy when he arrived on the coastline of Tanzania and Nyarugusu refugee camp, where he met Bikyeombe Abwe. All five of their children were born in Tanzania. The play interprets their story and those of the other Congolese in Missoula. “They wanted to portray in this play the idea that when war affects one person or a group of people, it affects so many more than that,” said Rachel Dixon, one of a half-dozen University of Montana seniors who made facilitating “When One Becomes Many” their capstone project with the Franke Global Leadership Initiative (GLI) program. The play opens in a refugee camp, where scenes of death, sickness and sorrow are intermixed with play and joy. It takes the audience through the often-arduous steps of the refugee resettlement program that ultimately brought them to Missoula. Makeci said that while plays in the future will be in English, this one is spoken mostly in Swahili, the native language of the Congolese. “It’s sort of a mix between improv and nailed-down stuff,” said Kathleen Stone, who’s also with the GLI program. “We’ve essentially created subtitles and a PowerPoint that will change as the plot progresses.” Dixon and Stone are joined in the capstone group by fellow fourth-year students Michael Couso, Sophie Hainline, Elizabeth Koenig and Taylor Wylie. Stone said the Congolese play and the group’s part in it came about last fall almost by happenstance. “We were trying to come up with a topic that focused on a global problem to try to find a local solution, and we went all over the place. We finally settled on wanting to do something involving refugees, and ideally Missoula’s refugee families,” she said. Dixon is a friend of Peter McDonough, a board member of Soft Landing Missoula who also serves as a translator for the Congolese. He told her the families had expressed an interest in doing a play to tell their stories. Rehearsals began over Christmas break. The GLI students found practice venues, gave rides and otherwise facilitated the project, but the production itself – actors, script, scenes, choreography and music – is the work of the Congolese. “It’s an interesting blend,” Dixon said. “There are some scenes that are kind of intense, carrying someone off on a stretcher, a doctor coming and refusing to help a dying man – pretty heavy stuff. But you also have dancing and drum music and singing and kids hula-hooping, which is amazing. "The cool thing about this play from my perspective is it’s really unique in the sense that we haven’t influenced the message, which is hard sometimes, pinning down a script and the logistics of it all.” Makeci said the play highlights the differences between life in refugee camps, where no one is free to leave, and life in Montana. He called the former a human rights issue that continues to plague refugees. "We came here to a big continent like America and we have the right to go anywhere,” he said with a smile. “It’s different.” When the play is over, “I hope the Missoulians will know about our life before coming to America," Makeci said. "I can say we sometimes had good things, (but) if we had many good things, we could not come to America. We would still be in Africa.” Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 To go Missoula's Congolese refugee families perform "When One Becomes Many" at 7 p.m. Sunday in the University of Montana's UC Ballroom. Tickets are $10 students, $15 general at the door. Proceeds will assist the families. Call Kathleen Stone at 801-712-1794 or go to facebook.com/BridgingtheGapMissoula. More information Trump to shut off flow of refugees to Missoula, elsewhere The trickle of refugee families to Missoula will be shut down altogether, at least temporarily, after President Donald Trump began implementin… Congolese music, dance workshops come to Missoula Congolese refugees: New Missoulians share their joys, foibles and discoveries Missoula students get first-hand view of world refugee crisis Related to this topic Top 10 at Missoulian.com, April 15-21 Tags Refugee Resettlement Refugee Camps Congolese Missoula Unit Artist Group Kathleen Stone Rachel Dixon University Of Montana Democratic Republic Of Congo Soft Landing Missoula Joel Makeci Literature Theatre Music Art Refugee Camp Show Play Refugee Missoula Kim Briggeman Follow Kim Briggeman Close Get email notifications on Kim Briggeman daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kim Briggeman posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kim Briggeman Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Recommended View More Deals & Offers The grass is always greener on your side... with Grizzly Lawn Care's irrigation systems! Maxxed Out Performance & Repair ~ $75/hr Shop Labor Rate ~ Best Prices in Town © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
up next: now reading: Book Review: William Mellor and Dick Carpenter's 'Bottleneckers' AP Photo Book Review: William Mellor and Dick Carpenter's 'Bottleneckers' By John Tamny April 27, 2017 AP Photo X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... In Pasadena, CA in the 1970s, a married mother-of-two in my neighborhood began a daycare service out of her house.  Interesting at the time was that not long after starting her business she was visited by local government officials.  It seemed she needed a license if she wanted to continue operating. It didn’t register at the time (I was very young), but looking back, this was very odd.  Parents are nothing if not overly careful when it comes to their children.  Most would never put their child in the care of someone whom they didn’t trust, who was irresponsible, incompetent, or all three.  As such, when it comes to daycare, the very idea of a license requirement reads as superfluous.  But what was odd back in the 70s was increasingly common, and is very common today.  As William “Chip” Mellor and Dick Carpenter, respectively chairman/founding general counsel and director of strategic research at the essential Institute for Justice report in their recently released book Bottleneckers: Gaming the Government for Power and Private Profit, “Some criminals begin at a young age” by virtue of “conducting business without a license.” While in the 1950s roughly 5 percent of U.S. workers needed a “government-issued license to work,” the authors cite estimates that what used to be one in twenty is “almost one in three today.” Odds are if you start a business, you’re breaking some kind of licensure law based on your lack of “a government-issued permission slip” allowing you to work.  Mellor and Carpenter attach an adjective to those individuals and industry groups who use government to limit the entrance of new competition.  They call them “bottleneckers,” and a bottlenecker is “a person who advocates for the creation or perpetuation of government regulation, particularly an occupational license, to restrict entry into his or her occupation, thereby accruing an economic advantage without providing a benefit to consumers.” License requirements are but one way that those with close ties to government secure for themselves a supposed advantage.  And they do so in surprising ways. Juanita Swedenburg and her husband retired from the Foreign Service in the 1970s, only to buy land in Middleburg, VA.  They knew that no less than Thomas Jefferson had observed that Virginia’s soil had qualities similar to the dirt in France, and would thus likely be conducive to the grape growing necessary for winemaking.  What became Swedenburg Estates Winery soon enough attracted a local, then national following. The late-in-life entrepreneurs were eventually selling their wares nationally only for Swedenburg to one day realize she was breaking the law.  Dating back to the Prohibition era, there were still rules on the books limiting cross-border trade in alcohol products.  Though the laws were wrapped in sanctimony about protecting young people from alcohol, this bottleneck was more realistically about distributors throughout the U.S. protecting their turf.  The laws meant that no upstart vintner in Middleburg could simply (and perhaps logically) approach a wine store owner or major retailer in Dallas (or anywhere else) with the goods.  Instead, people like the Swedenburgs would have to find distributors possessing the right (or license) to sell wine in Dallas.  To show the readers the power behind this bottleneck, consider what happened when the Swedenburgs filed a lawsuit in New York courts to secure their right to simply conduct business in the Empire State: the authors recall that “the state’s four largest liquor distributors, whose combined revenues exceeded $1 billion annually, intervened to help defend the bottleneck.” Again, this wasn’t about the health and safety of the eternal political prop that we call children; rather it was about the erection of barriers to trade.  The authors cite a Virginia liquor distributor who admitted, presumably in a weak moment, that “People we represent all over the world might just decide they want to sell directly to big retailers – Wal-Mart, Sam’s Club, and Costco – without us.”  This matters simply because distributors can enjoy mark-ups on alcohol in the 15-25 percent range.  For the Swedenburgs, their story comes with a happy ending care of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Before striking down laws that “deprive [ed] citizens of their right to have access to the markets of other states on equal terms,” the Middleburg vintners faced the rather expensive prospect of being forced to purchase or erect warehouse space in New York in order to conduct business there.  So while the Courts came out in favor of the Swedenburgs, Mellor and Carpenter provide the reader with a book full of unfortunate instances of trade restraint that comes care of bottleneckers possessing influence over the powers-that-be in government.  Consider some of the examples within Bottleneckers: ·        Families nowadays don’t just suffer potentially heavy taxation when a loved one dies.  It turns out that for the longest time casket makers had amassed – and maintained - substantial influence over legislators such that sales of same could only take place courtesy of casket sellers who had to have “a funeral director’s license."  Accession of license required attendance at an approved school that, according to Mellor and Carpenter, could take many months to complete, and at costs of $10-$12,000 dollars.  Luckily the Supreme Court stepped in once again in 2013, and ruled that the monks of Saint Joseph Abbey (in a part of Louisiana rich with the wood that lends well to making these empty boxes) “had committed no sin in creating plain wood caskets and selling them to their Louisiana neighbors.” ·       Justina Clayton grew up in desperate circumstances in war-torn Sierra Leone only to get the chance to immigrate to the United States.  Married, with a family, and also working toward a college degree, Clayton got into the business of hair-braiding; the latter something she’d developed expertise in while still living in Sierra Leone.  All was well, her family was able to attain a higher standard of living thanks to her entrepreneurialism, but then she received a letter telling her that “It is illegal in the state of Utah to do any form of extensions without a valid cosmetology license.” Having advertised her services, the note asked her to “Please delete your ad, or you will be reported." The problem, as readers might expect by now, was that licenses in Utah didn’t come cheap.  They required “two thousand hours of training and the successful completion of a licensing test.” Cost of classes: $18,000.  ·        In the state of New Mexico, while those with a bent for interior design were long able to offer their services, it turns out they were only legal so long as they didn’t self-refer as an “interior designer” without a license.  The rules were much the same in normally non-interventionist Texas.  Vickee Byrum built what became a national interior design business out of Austin, and “although she could do her job, she could not tell people what it was, as a result of the state’s titling laws.” Byrum eventually took legal action to fight “the restriction on her right to speak truthfully about what she did for a living.” As readers can probably imagine by now, the stories of government getting in the way of what is a simple right to offer up one’s skills and services in return for compensation are many.  Furthermore, many can no doubt imagine that while most of the restraints discussed in Bottleneckers are of the “crony” variety, sometimes government has been used with race very much in mind. In particular, the authors write about Montgomery, AL during the Martin Luther King/Rosa Parks era, and about how King and other Civil Rights activists instigated a bus boycott in order to force the end of hideous government-instituted rules requiring blacks to sit in the back of busses.  In order to make the boycott effective, King et al convinced black cabdrivers to simulate bus pricing by charging boycotters in need of transportation to work the ten cent bus fare.  Unsurprisingly, Montgomery city officials intervened, only to require that they charge the normal 45 cent cab fare.  Considering taxis modernly, it was just announced last week that New York City might require Uber to allow tipping of its drivers.  The authors would no doubt have a field day with this bit of faux government compassion.  Though it will surely be billed as evidence that city officials are out to protect “exploited” Uber drivers, the not-so-opaque truth is that such an imposition is plainly a creation of the City’s powerful, and expensively licensed taxi lobby; one that’s seen the value of those licenses plummet thanks to the entrance of lower-priced transportation options like Uber.  The proposed requirement is a naked attempt by city officials to "equalize" the traditional New York cabdriver with Uber drivers via through government decree. Thinking about Uber, one addition to the book the authors might have considered would have been a chapter on how an “app” downloaded onto smartphones has broken taxi cartels nationwide, and around the world.  The latter in mind, do they foresee similar app-like disruptions of other bottlenecks? Beyond the ridiculous nature of the bottlenecks, barriers invariably created by political pull, it’s hard to forget that one of the greatest attributes of free trade concerns the ability of individuals to choose whom they transact with.  This right invariably fosters competition among many to serve our needs; the competition expanding the value of our paychecks.  Conversely, restraints on trade benefit the very few at the expense of many, though even there it could be argued that licensure ultimately harms the protected too. Figure that competition forces us to constantly improve what we’re offering the public in order to remain in business, plus it can’t be forgotten that businesses frequently cluster with good reason: the bigger the number of competitors in a certain goods or services space, the bigger the market.  If readers doubt this, they need only consider how rare it is that Burger King, McDonald’s, and Whataburger open up stores in locations bereft of other restaurants. Interesting and sad at the same time about the myriad bottlenecks past and present is how ineffective they’ve ultimately proven to be.  Though defended as evidence that government is looking out for our best interests, the authors cite a series of studies that invariably revealed an inconvenient truth that sanctimonious bottleneckers would rather not acknowledge: whether the studies were of television repair people, dentists, plumbers, optometrists, sanitarians, real estate agents, health professionals, veterinarians, physicians, teachers, and electricians, they all revealed “the same thing: that there was no improvement in quality from licensure.” What’s important is that the studies shouldn’t in any way surprise us.  The problem with licenses is that those who possess them likely have an enhanced ability to do harm to consumers thanks to a piece of paper that essentially lengthens the amount of time that they can foist their incompetence on the public.  But the main thing is that markets ultimately work.  We quite simply don’t require licensing in order to enjoy abundant markets offering myriad goods and services simply because market forces on their own are quite able when it comes to saving consumers from the inept.  Whom would we trust? Individuals in government in possession of limited information, or the marketplace itself; the latter representing the collective wisdom of everyone. After that, we can’t ignore the basic truth reminding us that even the profit-motivated regularly miss when it comes to deciding whom to direct capital toward.  Though they’re global brands today, the list of wise investors who passed on Amazon, Facebook and Nike could fill many books.  If investors invariably miss what will most serve the needs of the people, can we really believe that functionaries in government possess a greater ability to decide who can and can’t serve us? All of which brings us back to parenting, and parenting advice.  Toward book’s end the authors tell the story of John “Bo” Rosemond, a North Carolina-based psychologist who had developed quite the following around the U.S. thanks to a popular parenting column run in over 200 newspapers.  As anyone who is a parent knows, or better yet anyone who has been around parents knows in often nauseating detail, mothers and fathers are nothing if not enormously protective of their invariably “perfect,” “especially cute,” “borderline genius” offspring.  As such, they’re often obnoxiously careful about the advice they abide when it comes to raising their future Harvard and Stanford grads.  Despite this, Rosemond received a letter on May 7, 2013 which said he was violating Kentucky law by “operating as an unlicensed psychologist” in Kentucky.  Yet Rosemond wasn’t operating in the Bluegrass State; in truth the Lexington Herald-Leader had run his parenting column.  Ok, but come on! Parents, or at least the ones this writer knows, don’t need government’s help as it applies to protecting their well above average creations.  More to the point, we generally don’t need the government’s help at all when it comes to protecting our interests in the marketplace.  And that’s the good news in what is ultimately an optimistic book.  Things are changing.  Mellor and Carpenter’s stories of government overreach generally have happy endings whereby the courts (thanks to Institute for Justice) have stepped in to defend the right of individuals to offer goods and services free of government meddling.  Mentioned earlier was that one of the greatest aspects of free trade is that it means we have many more people – local and global – aggressively competing to serve us.  But the best part of free trade is that it maximizes the possibility that we individuals will get to pursue the kind of work that most animates our individual talents.  With the freedom to “import” from across the street or around the world, and with the freedom to serve others regardless of education or license, the odds of individuals doing that which elevates them the most increases.  Almost as important, the policies are changing.  The authors point to Florida Governor Rick Scott’s challenge directed at Florida legislators “to identify and repeal ‘job-killing regulations.’”   Perhaps more surprisingly, they report that in a 2015 speech given at the Brookings Institution, then Vice President Joe Biden backed licensing reform “that makes it easier for workers to start businesses and begin careers.” Not to be outdone, in the same year then President Obama, in a speech before the National Governors’ Association, lauded states that “are leading the way in removing unnecessary licensing requirements so workers can start filling up some of the jobs that they already have the skills for.” While what’s ridiculous seemingly can’t last forever, it’s worth pointing out that the Institute for Justice which Mellor and Carpenter are closely associated with has been instrumental in the changing of the conversation as it were. As for weaknesses, or quibbles, there were a few.  In their chapter on the funeral home/casket cartel, it was as though lefty economists George Akerlof and Robert Shiller briefly entered the authors’ bodies when they criticized funeral director schooling meant - gasp - "to persuade people to buy high-priced ones [caskets].” According to the authors, “Lavishly decorated display rooms were organized to make the most expensive caskets easily seen.” Ok, but all businesses generally pursue transactions that are high margin. In their chapter on interior designers, they cite a Kenyon College study which revealed, among other things, that “in states where the interior design profession is regulated, consumers pay higher prices for design services.” But is there a correlation? It’s possible that states with the most stringent interior design regulations are also among the wealthier ones full of the kind of people who would regularly purchase those high-end services.  Other readers might struggle with the idea that protecting the right to hair-braid, build caskets and offer parental advice will move the proverbial economic growth needle.  It’s a fair point - sometimes the bottlenecks discussed did seem small - but arguably one that misses the point.  Governments that are allowed to get in the way of individuals expressing their talents in seemingly smaller marketplaces invariably don’t stop there.  Bureaucracies are ever in search of an expanded purpose to our broad economic detriment, and that’s why Mellor and Carpenter have written such an important book, not to mention how important is the Institute for Justice itself.  An economy is not a blob as much as it’s a collection of individuals.  Economies grow the most when individuals are free.  All of this in mind, Mellor, Carpenter and the Institute for Justice deserve our praise and gratitude for their tireless protection of the individuals who are the source of our abundant prosperity.  John Tamny is editor of RealClearMarkets, a Senior Fellow in Economics at Reason Foundation, and a senior economic adviser to Toreador Research and Trading (www.trtadvisors.com). He's the author of Who Needs the Fed? (Encounter Books, 2016), along with Popular Economics(Regnery, 2015).  Related Topics: Regulation, Crony Capitalism, Licensing, Book Reviews, John Tamny Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Thursday, April 27, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Import tax is off Trump's agenda, but it's not completely dead by Joseph Lawler | Apr 26, 2017, 6:52 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn Border-adjusted tax opponents and advocates hinted that the victory is not permanent. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Retailers breathed a sigh of relief Wednesday as the Trump administration excluded the House Republican import tax from its new tax reform principles. Industries that rely on imported goods waged a high-profile campaign against the border-adjusted tax over the past several months and earned a victory Wednesday as President Trump declined to endorse it. Yet border-adjusted tax opponents and advocates hinted Wednesday that the victory is not permanent and that the reform idea could resurface in further talks. "We will not relent in our efforts to ensure a border adjustment tax has no place in any tax policy," said Joshua Baca, the spokesman for Americans for Affordable Products, in a statement on Trump's tax reform outline. Baca's group is the main anti-border tax advocacy group, made up of companies such as Walmart, Macy's and many others. Retailers would face the greatest risks under the border adjustment plan, which would aim to tax companies based on the destination of their sales. The plan would work by excluding exports from taxable income but preventing companies from deducting export sales from their taxable income. That would in effect place a tax on imports. Oil refineries, such as those owned by Koch Industries, would also stand to lose. Koch-affiliated groups such as Americans for Prosperity, a major opponent of border-adjustment, praised Wednesday's plan. But although the border adjustment was excluded from Wednesday's one-page tax reform outline, it does not mean that the White House is ready to totally rule it out. Previewing the plan in an interview hosted by The Hill newspaper Wednesday morning, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the border adjustment, saying that "there are many aspects of it we like." "We don't think it works in its current form, and we're going to continue to have discussions with them about revisions that they will consider," Mnuchin said, referring to House Republicans. House GOP leaders acknowledge that the plan needs work and haven't given up on it. Speaking at a conference hosted by the law firm BakerHostetler Wednesday morning, House Speaker Paul Ryan said that the border adjustment "needs to be modified" and said that the U.S. needs the most internationally competitive system possible. Asked on the sidelines of the conference if Trump might revisit the border adjustment, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said that if "there's an opening, we'll all walk through." "And remember: Article I, section 7 of the Constitution — all tax reform starts in the House," he added. Speaking in an interview on MSNBC, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady reiterated that he will continue to back the idea. "Somehow — I think it needs work — we need to have equal taxation in the U.S. of products, whether they're foreign or made in America, just as our competitors do," Brady said. House Republicans introduced the border adjustment as a way to eliminate the incentives that businesses face to try to move their corporate headquarters overseas or game the tax code by shifting income into low-tax jurisdictions. But it is attractive for another reason, namely that it would raise about $1 trillion over 10 years. That revenue could help offset the cost of lower tax rates if Congress aims to ensure that tax reform does not add to the deficit. Although many Republicans would be willing to cut taxes and add to the deficit, one reason that leadership might want to make sure that the tax reform is revenue-neutral is that it would ease the process of passing legislation through reconciliation, the special budget procedure that allows for bills to pass with only a simple majority in the Senate. Ryan said Wednesday that reconciliation was still the plan for tax reform. If that indeed is the path forward, the Trump administration will have to find revenue-raisers, and the border-adjusted tax will be an option. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget on Wednesday published a rough estimate that Trump's outline would cut revenue by $3 trillion to $7 trillion over a decade, a massive shortfall in terms of finding tax breaks to eliminate. Kevin Brady Steven Mnuchin Tax Reform Donald Trump Economy Joseph Lawler Treasury Paul Ryan News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 7 hours ago Majority of US adults want Trump to ditch healthcare 3 hours ago Veterans Affairs has 346 workers who do only union work 10 hours ago Taxpayers should be excited about Trump's tax reform proposal 10 hours ago TMZ founder: 'Stupid' to criticize celebrities that have met with Trump 10 hours ago Democrat displays 'cops as pigs' painting on the House floor 10 hours ago Trump's tax plan: Good for renters, bad for New York state governments 11 hours ago Suspended judge Roy Moore to challenge Luther Strange in Alabama Senate primary 11 hours ago Chuck Schumer: New healthcare amendment violates Byrd Rule 13 hours ago Michelle Obama teams up with MTV for college signing day 14 hours ago Freedom Caucus supports Obamacare repeal deal while centrists waver 14 hours ago Senate readies floor vote for Labor pick Acosta 14 hours ago Trump needs to know these 3 things about North Korea 15 hours ago US Pacific Command chief: 'I'll take the hit' for carrier confusion 15 hours ago Paul Ryan super PAC dumps more money into Georgia special 16 hours ago Why the FCC is off to a great start in Trump's first 100 days 16 hours ago Matt Drudge continues to attack Paul Ryan About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
up next: now reading: Trump Takes Aim at Canadian Lumber, Only to Injure Americans Jonathan Miano/The Times of Northwest Indiana via AP Trump Takes Aim at Canadian Lumber, Only to Injure Americans By Allan Golombek April 27, 2017 Jonathan Miano/The Times of Northwest Indiana via AP X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Thirty years ago, when I worked for the Premier of Canada’s largest province, one of the biggest issues we had to contend with was U.S. efforts to impose tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber – a move that would mostly hurt American consumers. Today that is still an important issue, given the Trump administration’s attempt to impose a 20 percent tariff. And the U.S. position doesn’t make any more sense for U.S. consumers today that it did then. Basically, the Department of Commerce is alleging that Canadian softwood lumber is underpriced. Unlike the United States, the forest lands the industry uses in Canada are owned by the provinces, which work out the price (or the stumpage fees) they charge softwood companies. According to the Commerce Department and the U.S. lumber industry, the price is low, in effect a subsidy. But if the price represents a subsidy, doesn’t that just mean that Canadian provinces are subsidizing U.S. consumers? If they are willing to make it easier for American families to own a home, why is Washington complaining? If Canadian provinces are undercutting price, aren’t they the ones paying for it? Is it any different really, from Wal-Mart or Target offering a sale to consumers? Unfortunately, in a world in which lumber companies can afford lawyers, lobbyists and campaign donations, consumers are the last ones governments seem to worry about. By limiting the amount of lumber that crosses the border into the United States, any measure to protect the U.S. softwood lumber industry would boost prices. This would be good news for U.S. producers, who would rake in higher profits. This would be good news for some Canadian lumber producers – those that hold quota and can adjust production or access other markets may benefit. It would be bad news for those that cannot, including most small and family-owned businesses. But the biggest losers would be U.S. consumers. A recent study by the Canadian Journal of Lumber found that the most recent agreement, struck in 2006 and containing a combination of quotas and taxes, did indeed reduce U.S. lumber imports from Canada by 7.78 per cent. And U.S. lumber producers did indeed gain, to the tune of $1.6-billion. But U.S. consumers lost $2.3-billion. Under the 2006 agreement, Canadian provinces had a choice: An export tax of up to 15 per cent, depending on monthly lumber prices in the United States – or an export tax of up to 5 per cent plus a quota on total lumber exports. This time around, U.S. lumber industry leaders are pushing for a quota, or at least a bigger portion of quota in the mix. That isn’t surprising. Lobbyists like quotas because they offer more certainty to producers and bigger profits – which translates into higher costs for consumers. Just consider the trade quota that President Reagan’s administration imposed on the Japanese auto industry in the 1980s. The restrictions on automobile imports to the United States increased the average cost of a Japanese car by 16 percent. Japanese car producers ended up benefiting to the tune of billions of dollars – at the expense of American consumers, who had to pay more for cars. The Trump administration’s attempt to impose duties on softwood lumber will have the same effect: American families will pay more for homes, while lumber companies make a bigger profit. The measure would impose a cost on many Americans to create benefits for a lucky few. Isn’t it time governments thought about doing the opposite? Allan Golombek is a Senior Director at the White House Writers Group.  Related Topics: Tariff, Canada, Allan Golombek Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Latin America’s policy options for times of protectionism Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending Education Op-Ed Latin America’s policy options for times of protectionism The Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues (CLAAF) Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Download Download PDF File Download the statement Español Editor's Note: The Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues (CLAAF) is composed of a group of prestigious independent Latin American economists, former policymakers, and academics with strong expertise in the field of macroeconomics, banking and finance and whose goal is to identify and analyze challenges and risks for the region (see here for a full list of committee members). The following document—Policy Statement Number 37—was released following the meeting held in Washington, D.C. on April 4. I. Latin America’s current external and domestic environment As the Committee noted in its statement No.36, the external environment for Latin America has deteriorated markedly, reflecting worsening terms of trade, declining foreign direct investment flows, and stagnant or declining trade flows. The latter phenomenon has been consistent with global trends: after a recovery following a sharp contraction in 2009, global trade has displayed a marked lack of dynamism, especially so in the emerging market world. This contrasts sharply with the post-WWII trend, when global trade grew a sustained pace that exceeded the growth of world GDP. The external scenario is being further affected by events that are shaping a new global political and economic context. The Brexit referendum, the views expressed by the new U.S. administration, and the rising importance of anti-globalization parties in Europe have increased global economic and political uncertainty. To be sure, the phenomenon of rising protectionism and anti- immigration attitudes in the advanced economies goes beyond the recent electoral developments in the U.S., as it reflects an underlying discontent of the middle classes in those countries. This contrasts sharply with the evidence in emerging market economies, where increased integration to international trade has resulted in higher living standards. Rising protectionism in the U.S. is already affecting countries in the region in various ways. The U.S. has announced it will not join the Trans Pacific Partnership. According to Global Trade Alert, in the last 12 weeks ending in March 2017, the U.S. has adopted the largest number of protectionist measures in the world. The adoption of new trade restrictions (e.g., the closing of citric imports from Argentina), changes in immigration policy and higher uncertainty about the future of NAFTA have induced a significant volatility of the Mexican Peso. Author T The Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues (CLAAF) A related issue that may affect U.S. relations with the rest of the world is the announcement by the U.S. administration that it will seek to implement a significant reduction in the corporate income tax, a decision that may generate incentives for companies to move away from the region, particularly Mexico. The pressure that the U.S. administration is increasingly exerting on U.S.-based companies with operations abroad (such as the well-known Carrier and Toyota cases) compounds this phenomenon. The protectionist threat occurs at a time when the domestic macroeconomic outlook remains uncertain in a number of countries in the region. Growth performance has been lackluster in recently dynamic economies (e.g., Chile, Mexico, and Colombia), recovery from sharp recessions in Argentina (-2.6 percent in 2016) and Brazil (-3.2 percent in 2016) has been slow, recession continues in Ecuador, and Venezuela remains in a dramatic downward spiral. Moreover, the fiscal situation in several Latin American economies has deteriorated significantly, raising issues about future debt sustainability. For instance, Argentina, Brazil, and Ecuador exhibit nonfinancial public sector deficits above 8 percent of GDP. In Mexico, net public debt has increased from 30 percent to 48 percent of GDP between 2010 and 2016 with a budget deficit running at 3 percent of GDP. In Venezuela, the budget deficit reached 25.7 percent of GDP in the context of an output contraction of 10 percent. In this scenario, increased external uncertainty may compound with already existing domestic weaknesses. Hence, the U.S. protectionist threat needs to be taken seriously. Though it is still uncertain how much of what has been announced will effectively materialize, Latin America cannot run the risk of being unprepared for the significant potential direct and indirect effects of such a menace to its exports, capital inflows, and growth. The Protectionist Threat The committee believes that the threat of U.S. adoption of protectionist policies has an important negative impact on the region’s ongoing discussion on the benefits and desirability of international trade integration. The U.S. has traditionally played the role of promoter of free trade in the world economy and any backtracking paradigm could adversely influence policies in the region. Rising protectionism in the U.S. may fuel further protectionism in Latin America. This is especially dangerous as the political economy of anti-trade in the region usually reflects a capture of policy by domestic business leaders and special interest groups. Hence, rising U.S. protectionism may end up providing support to sectoral views that oppose the integration of Latin America into world markets, a process that has contributed to economic growth as well as to poverty and inequality reduction. The potential adoption of protectionist policies by the U.S. administration may include: adoption of a generalized border adjustment tax (BAT) and individualized trade restrictions (within or outside of WTO rules); revision of existing trade agreements, in particular NAFTA; official pressure applied to U.S.-based companies to redirect investments into the U.S. and away from other countries (particularly Mexico in the context of NAFTA); and 4) adoption of trade restrictions vis-á-vis China. One of the most concrete announcements so far has been the creation of a commission that will soon propose the enactment of a BAT. Some have argued that imposing such measure—which may be viewed as a real devaluation—may be neutralized by an appreciation of the U.S. dollar. However, it may still be a way to meet two goals: honor protectionist promises and reduce the fiscal cost of adopting aggressive tax cuts for corporates (another campaign promise). However, this prediction of full neutrality lacks empirical support and reflects a narrow focus on the determinants of the exchange rate. The committee believes that imposition of a BAT would not be neutral, not least because of doubts about its permanence, and would hurt Latin American exports to the U.S., whether protected or not by a free trade agreement. It could have additional serious effects on the region through its effects on growth, especially if it leads to defensive measures by countries in the region. The worst scenario, though improbable so far, would be that the application of trade restrictions leads to a generalized trade war. Such a development would, in the committee’s view, increase the risk of a sharp reduction in capital flows that would compound the adverse effects of a reduction in trade flows. The committee believes that implementation of a BAT may face significant opposition within the U.S. In particular, the modern structure of international trade, increasingly organized through global value chains, suggests the BAT’s incidence may ultimately be uneven across firms and, hence, disruptive to U.S. international businesses (e.g., the Walmart case). In this context, the committee believes that the BAT is likely to have a bias in favor of incumbent global value chains. Hence, new entrants and countries that are less integrated to global value chains that do not include U.S. production may be more vulnerable to the enactment of a BAT. In that respect, Latin America is one of the world’s regions that have integrated the least to global value chains (apart from more traditional value chains based on natural resources) and, where, the recent lack of dynamism in trade has been more apparent. A reduction in trade with the advanced economies, and in particular with the U.S., may entail significant costs for Latin America. This reflects the fact that gains from trade, covering a wide array of factors, such as faster transfer of technology and improvements in input quality—in particular of capital goods—would be reduced or lost. Trade benefits domestic production processes, and provides incentives that attract foreign direct investment (FDI). FDI from advanced countries to emerging market economies related to global trade not only contributes directly to economic growth but also to institutional quality and corporate governance. Related Up Front Donald Trump and the future of globalization Brina Seidel and Laurence Chandy Friday, November 18, 2016 Up Front Trump’s trade policy: protecting American workers at the expense of American consumers Dany Bahar Friday, January 6, 2017 Africa in focus Making Africa Great Again: Reducing aid dependency Angelle B. Kwemo Thursday, April 20, 2017 However, Latin America’s history shows that not all FDI has the beneficial effects noted above. If governments attract FDI by means of excessive privileges, special tax treatments and protection of domestic markets, FDI may become as inefficient as the highly protected domestic sectors. In this case, FDI flows respond more to the recipient countries’ lack of financing than to a desire to acquire technological progress and increase the economy’s productivity. The U.S. administration has already announced its intention to revise NAFTA. Such revision may be very complex in practice as the competitiveness of several U.S. industries (such as the automotive, medical equipment and computers industries) would be jeopardized.1 Further, though the U.S. President possesses legal authority to take the U.S. out of NAFTA it is yet unclear whether any intended modifications require Mexican and Canadian acceptance and/or congressional approval in the U.S. Still, the U.S. administration may be inclined to believe that protectionism may reinforce the current U.S. recovery, though this is not a foregone conclusion in a world where trade is dominated by global value chains. The stakes are very high for Mexico given its strong economic dependence on U.S. trade, investment, and financial flows: nearly 78 percent of Mexico’s exports go to the U.S., and nearly 53 percent of Mexico’s FDI comes from the U.S. ($101 billion in 2013). Indirect effects to Latin America of eventual protectionist actions could be especially severe if the U.S. applies significant trade restrictions to China, as this may exacerbate current Chinese financial fragility and slowdown trends. Although the U.S. administration has already backed down on some of its initial positions (e.g., about strengthening links with Taiwan in defiance to China´s “one country” stance), it could happen that an eventual renminbi depreciation reflecting growing financial instability and capital outflows in China could be interpreted as “currency manipulation” and give rise to U.S. trade retaliations. A resulting worsening of the Chinese slowdown would hurt Latin American exports to China, leading to slower growth including via lower than otherwise commodity prices. In addition, slower Chinese growth and lower commodity prices would also impact adversely Latin American capital inflows. The recent experience in 2013 and 2014 shows that the fall in commodity prices led to a sharp drop in FDI inflows in oil and mining exporting countries in South America. It also led, in some countries, to a (temporary) increase in sovereign risk and fall of capital inflows due to reduced growth prospects, though this effect was partly counteracted by the continued world’s ample liquidity. If, as expected, monetary conditions in the U.S. and Europe tighten, such compensatory factor may no longer be present in the future. II. What are Latin America´s policy options to face the challenges and mitigate the risks? As mentioned above, though it is still uncertain how much of the protectionist threat will become a reality, Latin America cannot run the risk of being unprepared for the significant potential direct and indirect effects on exports, capital inflows, and growth. Priority should be given to actions that would benefit Latin American economic growth in any event. On the one hand, the impact of rising protectionism can create social and political tensions that can widen the space for policy mistakes. On the other hand, it can create opportunities to broaden economic and financial integration outside the U.S. economy. The region’s response must avoid self-defeating actions and seize opportunities proactively. The committee recommends that policy implementation maintains a long-term perspective and resist alternatives that may seem reasonable from a short-term perspective, but can alter medium and long term sustainability, as has occurred in the past. In this sense, the committee considers that retaliation in the face of protectionism has always been and continues to be a very poor and very costly policy choice. However, the committee believes that the region should prepare itself to collectively counteract, jointly with countries in other regions, eventual U.S. protectionist measures within the WTO and other international organizations and fora. Similarly, if regional economic growth indeed continues to underperform, policymakers may feel tempted to implement measures that presumably compensate domestic producers for the advantages granted to their foreign competitors by their governments. For instance, an important reduction in the corporate income tax rate abroad may elicit calls for an equivalent reduction in the domestic corporate tax rate or other fiscal stimuli, for instance through the financial sector. Regional policy makers must evaluate these proposals very carefully because fiscal sustainability might be compromised and, perhaps more importantly, because it may perpetuate inefficiencies and low productivity traps. The committee believes that it is hard to envision strong growth without trade. However, Latin America displays a low level of trade openness and very low intra-regional trade. This is the case for South America, and in particular Mercosur countries, as Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean are significantly more open. Central America and the Caribbean also display higher levels of intra-regional trade. Mexico, Central American, and Caribbean countries are those that would suffer the most from increased U.S. protectionism as the U.S. represents a higher share of their export markets. Several studies suggest that a low level of trade openness is a serious impediment for higher productivity and economic growth, particularly when countries are not integrated to global value chains.2 At the same time, it must be recognized that the process of international trade integration has significant adjustment and distributive costs that require compensating policies. To maximize its benefits, an opening process needs to be designed placing emphasis on factors that maximize acquisition of knowledge, transfer of technology, and contribution to value chains that incorporate domestic capital. Strengthening Latin America’s economic ties with Europe and Asia Some countries in the region already have preferential trade agreements with the European Union, such as Chile, Mexico, Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, and the Central American Common Market countries. The Mercosur countries and the EU have been negotiating, intermittently, a free trade agreement for many years. However, these trade agreements have tended to be more restrictive than those signed with the U.S., reflecting the fact that the U.S. had a more open trade policy than the EU. If U.S. protectionism rises, it is likely that the EU will seek more aggressively to negotiate new trade agreements and be interested in deepening existing ones. This is not surprising as for the EU deepening economic ties with Latin America and Asia now does not only represent a defensive move to partially compensate (though much less than for Latin America) the effects of eventual U.S. protectionist measures (such as the imposition of a BAT), but an opportunity to increase their exports, FDI, and geopolitical influence in these regions at the expense of eventually declining U.S. economic flows and influence. The committee believes that Latin America should take advantage of this opportunity. Mexico and the EU are already negotiating the “modernization” and deepening of their free trade agreement, given that the stakes of the protectionist threat are higher for Mexico than for the rest of the region. The committee recommends that other countries in the region should follow this lead, making sure that the EU becomes more open to agricultural products from the region. Similarly, several Latin American countries have also signed bilateral free trade agreements with Asian countries.3 The authorities of several Asian countries have also voiced their intention of deepening their economic relations with other regions as a response to U.S. protectionist threat. The Chinese are seeing this as an opportunity to expand and strengthen their economic ties and geopolitical influence in other regions at the expense of the U.S. Prime Minister Xi has emerged as the main advocate of globalization vis-á-vis the U.S. protectionist threat. The committee believes that this may open important opportunities for Latin America, provided China is more willing than in the past to open its domestic markets. Strengthening regional economic integration through open regionalism Another direction in which Latin America should move is in deepening intra-regional economic relations within the concept of open regionalism. That is, avoiding past mistakes when regional economic integration was seen as substitute for global integration. Indeed, the orientation of some of the sub-regional integration schemes have been moving in the direction of open regionalism, e.g., CAFTA-DR agreements with the U.S. and the EU, in addition to some bilateral agreements. The Pacific Alliance (currently comprising Chile, Colombia, México, and Peru, but open to potential new members) was, since its inception, inserted in an open regionalism context, with a vision of “deep” integration that goes beyond trade liberalization, including convergence towards a common regulatory framework. However, trade agreements in the region are incomplete. For instance, trade agreements between Mercosur and the Caribbean and Central America are almost non-existent. As are those between the Andean countries and the Caribbean and Central America. The committee believes that new trade agreements should be designed to increase coverage, uniting sub-regional groups that are not linked, and reducing gaps (missing links) within sub-regional groups. Additionally, the current “spaghetti bowl” of trade agreements should be greatly simplified, particularly by harmonizing rules of origin and allowing their accumulation, as already done by CAFTA. In this respect, Mercosur rules of origin remain extremely complex and act as a deterrent to regional trade integration. In connection to deeper economic integration, the committee recommends policymakers in the region to focus their efforts on coordinating regional logistics, and optimizing the infrastructure networks of ports, railroad, road, and energy. An important aspect of this process is the harmonization and coordination of customs requirements, particularly those related to transport logistics (e.g., establishing a single passport for trucking logistics). Integration and standardization should also extend to the regulatory environment to facilitate, for instance, the transfer of energy across countries in Latin America. All these initiatives have the objective of building important regional goods that have not been a sufficiently explored by policymakers in the region. Further, President Bachelet’s proposed Mercosur-Pacific Alliance convergence may for the first time have some real possibilities of success, given the recent changes in the orientation of trade and financial policies in Brazil and Argentina. This may be a long-shot objective given that Mercosur is significantly more closed to trade than the Pacific Alliance. However, the committee believes that the opportunity emerging from the new political landscape, and the incentives provided by both the region’s current economic slowdown and the new protectionism threat, should not be wasted. Rather, it should jumpstart a pragmatic and expeditious process of conversations oriented towards a Mercosur-Pacific Alliance convergence within the concept of open regionalism. There is already a significant process of regional financial integration going on through cross- investments in banking and insurance. This has been reinforced by the fact that some large international players have withdrawn from the region due to re-structuring efforts occurred after the global financial crisis of 2009, and the effects of Basle III agreements. This has prompted, in turn, some incipient efforts towards harmonization of regulations and cooperation in supervision, particularly between the CACM and Colombia. Such initiatives become crucial both to facilitate and make more efficient the current process of cross-border investments and provision of financial services, but also to make it safer by reducing opportunities of regulatory arbitrage and the possibilities of mutual financial contagion. Although more difficult to achieve due to the lack of a common currency, there could be significant potential value in increasing further capital market integration, given the presence of economies of scale and the need of opportunities for risk diversification that characterize these markets. This is especially relevant if, as expected, international financial conditions tighten in the coming years making it more difficult for local firms to finance their investment projects and for some local investors to diversify and lower their portfolio risk. Such initiatives may be especially important to increase long-term financing in areas such as infrastructure, where the region badly needs stepping up its efforts. And it could be especially important for the risk-diversification and growth of institutional investors, such as national pension funds and insurance companies, as well as for the development of regional mutual funds and higher investments of international portfolio investors in our region, as discussed in studies by the IMF (2017) and Wilson Center-IDB (2016).4 5 It seems to be the right moment to also pursue this Agenda. Macro-prudential and monetary policy response As it was discussed in the previous section, a rise in U.S. protectionism may generate retaliations from other countries, with the risk of generating a trade war. Such a scenario may imply conditions favorable to the emergence of an eventual reversal in capital flows to the region. Given this contingency, and the current situation of ample international liquidity and low interest rates, the committee believes that policymakers should be especially vigilant about the presence of significant and transitory incentives for carry-trade and other short term inflows. In such context, the committee believes that macro-prudential policies, e.g., countercyclical reserve requirements, dynamic provisioning, taxes on short term foreign currency borrowing by banks, may be better than monetary policy to deal with this potential problem. This is, instead, a good moment to strengthen the external liquidity position and lengthen the maturity of public debt. Notwithstanding, the committee also believes that, in countries where central banks have space to lower interest rates without compromising their credibility, policy rates should be reduced to weaken the incentives to undertake carry trade. Footnotes U.S. manufacturing industries, including automotive, electronics, appliances, and machinery, all rely on the assistance of Mexican manufacturers. One report estimates that 40 percent of the content of U.S. imports from Mexico and 25 percent of the content of U.S. imports from Canada are of U.S. origin. In comparison, U.S. imports from China have only 4 percent U.S. content. Taken together, goods from Mexico and Canada represent about 75 percent of all the U.S. domestic content that returns to the United States as imports. The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), U.S. Congressional Research Service, Villareal and Fergusson, 2015. Faundez, Sebastian; Mulder, Nanno and Carpentier, Nicole (2011). “Productivity growth in Latin American manufacturing: what role for international trade intensities?” ECLAC, November 2011. Pages, Carmen (2010). “La era de la productividad: cómo transformar las economías desde sus cimientos” Desarrollo de las Américas, BID. In particular, Chile has trade agreements with Japan, Korea, and China; Peru with Korea and China; México with Japan; and Costa Rica with China. Generally, these trade agreements have been more restrictive than those signed with the U.S. Chile, Peru and México are members of APEC and were partners to the TPP. Perry and Auvert (2016). Eyraud, Singh and Sutton (2017). More on Global Development Africa in focus Four Questions for the New Director of the Africa Growth Initiative at Brookings Christina Golubski and Brahima Sangafowa Coulibaly Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Up Front A guide for Secretary Tillerson: Let State focus on diplomacy, USAID be accountable for assistance George Ingram Monday, April 24, 2017 Future Development It’s power asymmetry, stupid: Lessons from the 2017 World Development Report on Governance and the Law David Bulman and Luis-Felipe López-Calva Monday, April 24, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending Education Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will hold an online meeting to discuss controversial plans to build a Walmart-anchored shopping center in pine rockland near Zoo Miami. Tim Chapman Miami Herald Staff Environment April 26, 2017 5:55 PM Feds host online meeting to discuss Walmart in rare forest By Jenny Staletovich jstaletovich@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will host an online meeting Thursday to answer questions about plans to build a Walmart-anchored shopping center on the largest remaining tract of rare pine rockland outside Everglades National Park. Earlier this month, the agency rejected requests to hold a public meeting on the controversial project and instead scheduled the online webinar from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Thursday. Callers can participate by calling 888-324-6912. The conference number is PW3668902 and passcode is 2938997. The session can also be accessed by going to https://www.mymeetings.com/nc/join.php?i=PW3668902&p=2938997&t=c. Information to be reviewed during the call is available at: https://www.fws.gov/verobeach/NewsReleasesPDFs/CRC/20170426_CRCpublic%20meeting_ESA_CRC.pdf. The controversial project includes 900 apartments, a 289,000-square-foot shopping center and parking on 138 acres of pineland near Zoo Miami on a former navy blimp base. The land, given to the University of Miami by the U.S. Department of Education, had been targeted by environmentalists for conservation. But in 2014, the university sold the land to a Palm Beach County developer for $22 million. After Peter Cummings started work, U.S. wildlife officials warned him to stop or face potential violations for harming endangered species. A draft conservation plan includes about 51 acres of preserved land, but critics worry chopping up the forest will make it harder for the endangered bats, butterflies, beetles and plants that inhabit the forest to survive. The agency is taking public comment on the plan through May 22. Follow Jenny Staletovich on Twitter @jenstaletovich Related stories from the Miami Herald Endangered Pine Rockland facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise Pause 2:21 Tegu lizards trapped in south Miami-Dade county 1:58 Ranch finds balance between business and environment 1:06 What to do when you meet a python 2:46 Monitoring Florida Bay 1:30 Video captures man stuffing pillow case filled with puppies into drain (Graphic Content) 1:34 Greg Cote previews the Miami Dolphins' upcoming draft pick 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft 1:47 Don Mattingly talks about Wednesday's 7-4 loss to the Phillies 0:52 Giralda Al Fresco continues in Coral Gables Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Frank Ridgley, head of conservation and research at Zoo Miami, talks about the endangered pine rockland Video and pictures by Peter Andrew Bosch and Jenny Staletovich/Miami Herald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise Pause 2:21 Tegu lizards trapped in south Miami-Dade county 1:58 Ranch finds balance between business and environment 1:06 What to do when you meet a python 2:46 Monitoring Florida Bay 1:30 Video captures man stuffing pillow case filled with puppies into drain (Graphic Content) 1:34 Greg Cote previews the Miami Dolphins' upcoming draft pick 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft 1:47 Don Mattingly talks about Wednesday's 7-4 loss to the Phillies 0:52 Giralda Al Fresco continues in Coral Gables Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 hours ago Tegu lizards trapped in south Miami-Dade county 2:21 5 hours ago Tegu lizards trapped in south Miami-Dade county 3:18 6 days ago Sick seagrass in Tuttle Basin 0:07 7 days ago Sick sea grass in Tuttle Basin View More Video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters Environment Senate advances bill to let FPL customers pay fracking costs Science is the star attraction at protest march The Arctic is melting and guess who faces more flooding — that’s right, South Florida Florida judge clears way for Big Cypress oil exploration Florida Keys says goodbye to flesh-eating screw flies Environment Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Bessemer bus riders could see relief with possible new routes - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report News Bessemer bus riders could see relief with possible new routes 2017-04-26T04:10:47Z2017-04-26T21:39:52Z By Jamiese Price, Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography jamieseprice@wbrc.com Follow @JamieseWBRC Source: WBRC BESSEMER, AL (WBRC) - Getting around Bessemer could get a little easier for some Max Transit Riders. The Birmingham-Jefferson County Transit Authority revealed new recommended routes Tuesday at a public meeting. The routes are referred to as circulators, servicing the Bessemer area only. One route would make stops at businesses like Walmart and the other route will focus on the Jonesboro Community and the new Promenade shopping center. These routes will run every half hour during peak times.  Some at Tuesday’s public meeting said it could save riders a lot of time, adding convenience to their day. "These are concerns that people have shared with us down through the years and to see them come to fruition is a great thing for the city of Bessemer. A lot of people tell us they don't ride the bus is because the bus aren't going where they need them to go and it takes so long,” said Johnnye Lassiter, BJCTA Max Board Member As it is now, there are two routes that run in and out of Bessemer--Route One and Route 45. “The buses are crowded when they’re in an out of Bessemer,” said Birmingham-Jefferson County Transit Authority Director of Operations Christopher Ruffin. He said both routes are filled and are only running every hour. “The Bessemer population is depending on us to make this happen,” he said. These new routes will add to the city's new pilot service program. The Birmingham-Jefferson County Transit Authority partnered with Bessemer for its new Route - 46. It services the Dollar General Distribution Center, The Promenade Shopping Center, and the city's new recreation center. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved. NewsMore>> BREAKING FIRST ALERT: Severe T'Storm Watch in effect until 5 a.m. FIRST ALERT: Severe T'Storm Watch in effect until 5 a.m. Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 2:45 AM EDT2017-04-27 06:45:37 GMT A Severe Thunderstorm Watch has been issued by the National Weather Service for the following counties: Autauga, Bibb, Chilton, Dallas, Fayette, Greene, Hale, Jefferson, Lamar, Marengo, Marion, Perry, Pickens, Shelby, Sumter, Tuscaloosa, Walker, and Winston counties. This watch is in effect until 5 a.m. Thursday morning. More >> A Severe Thunderstorm Watch has been issued by the National Weather Service for the following counties: Autauga, Bibb, Chilton, Dallas, Fayette, Greene, Hale, Jefferson, Lamar, Marengo, Marion, Perry, Pickens, Shelby, Sumter, Tuscaloosa, Walker, and Winston counties. This watch is in effect until 5 a.m. Thursday morning.More >> News Asbestos found at Tuscaloosa elementary school raises questions about transparency Asbestos found at Tuscaloosa elementary school raises questions about transparency Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 11:31 PM EDT2017-04-27 03:31:48 GMT Central Elementary school is currently gutted but the Tuscaloosa City Schools Executive Facilities Director Jeff Johnson said the school will be ready by this August. More >> Central Elementary school is currently gutted but the Tuscaloosa City Schools Executive Facilities Director Jeff Johnson said the school will be ready by this August.More >> News Bessemer PD investigating shooting on Gray Street Bessemer PD investigating shooting on Gray Street Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 11:15 PM EDT2017-04-27 03:15:44 GMT  Bessemer police are investigating a shooting in the 400 block of Gray Street. More >>  Bessemer police are investigating a shooting in the 400 block of Gray Street.More >> News Deputies: Man hospitalized after argument leads to shooting Center Point Deputies: Man hospitalized after argument leads to shooting Center Point Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 11:01 PM EDT2017-04-27 03:01:31 GMT A 40-year-old man was shot in Center Point Wednesday night, according to deputies. More >> A 40-year-old man was shot in Center Point Wednesday night, according to deputies.More >> News On Your Side Investigation: Courage on Campus: Reports of sexual assault rise at some AL colleges, officials credit outreach On Your Side Investigation: Courage on Campus: Reports of sexual assault rise at some AL colleges, officials credit outreach Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-04-27 03:00:13 GMT “If I start crying, I do apologize,” Hayes said to the room packed with students, professors, and administrators. With a deep breath, he started his spoken word performance.  More >> “If I start crying, I do apologize,” Hayes said to the room packed with students, professors, and administrators. With a deep breath, he started his spoken word performance.  More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 140 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Kit and Ace closes downtown Detroit store Kit and Ace is closing all of its U.S. stores — including its store on Woodward Avenue in downtown Detroit. Post to Facebook Kit and Ace closes downtown Detroit store Kit and Ace is closing all of its U.S. stores — including its store on Woodward Avenue in downtown Detroit.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2q7jXY7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Kit and Ace closes downtown Detroit store Georgea Kovanis , On Style Published 5:35 p.m. ET April 26, 2017 | Updated 6 hours ago Buy Photo The Kit + Ace store on Woodward in downtown Detroit. (Photo: JC Reindl, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo 140 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Kit and Ace, the company that sells expensive athleisure clothing, is closing all of its U.S. stores — including its store on Woodward Avenue in downtown Detroit. The closings are effective immediately, according to a company press release. It's also closing stores in Australia and the United Kingdom. The Vancouver, B.C.-based company said it will focus on its Canadian showrooms and its e-commerce business, kitandace.com. Read more: A new way to save even more money at Walmart Here's a sneak peek at Detroit's store of the future Kit and Ace, founded by the wife and son of Lululemon founder Chip Wilson, occupied a 3,000-square foot space at 1459 Woodward, a building owned or controlled by Bedrock real estate, which was instrumental in luring the retailer downtown. The store carried easy-fitting clothing for men and for women (T-shirts for $58), that was casual but not so casual it couldn't be worn outside the yoga studio. Its selections were more sophisticated than those of Moosejaw, Under Armour and Nike. Its loss makes the downtown shopping strip — which includes menswear retailers John Varvatos and Bonobos — feel even more masculine. 140 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2q7jXY7
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Woman Rampages In Walmart Parking Lot Woman Rampages In Walmart Parking Lot Duration: 01:01s - Published: on March 21, 2017< > Embed A young woman who went on a wild rampage in a Union City Walmart parking lot, striking several people before fleeing in her Honda Accord, was the subject of a Bay Area-wide manhunt Monday. The Union City Police Department said the incident began at around 6 p.m. Sunday when the female suspect attempted to return some batteries. When store employees declined to accept the batteries, she became extremely agitated, police said. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Woman Rampages In Walmart Parking Lot A young woman who went on a wild rampage in a Union City Walmart parking lot, striking several people before fleeing in her Honda Accord, was the subject of a Bay Area-wide manhunt Monday. The Union City Police Department said the incident began at around 6 p.m. Sunday when the female suspect attempted to return some batteries. When store employees declined to accept the batteries, she became extremely agitated, police said. Recent related news Dozens of snakes dumped in Arkansas Walmart parking lotArkansas police received calls from frightened customers who encountered the dozens of snakes that... FOXNews.com 5 hours ago - US Woman accused of killing toddler in Lafayette parking lot was learning to drive, report saysThe 44-year-old woman accused of killing a toddler in a parking lot collision on Sunday was learning... Denver Post 1 week ago - US Santa Rosa woman arrested for allegedly inhaling drugs while talking with copsSanta Rosa woman arrested for allegedly inhaling drugs while talking with cops A woman was arrested... SFGate 3 days ago - US Two in custody after attempted carjacking in Burlington Mall parking lotA man and woman from Hamilton are facing robbery charges after allegedly attempting to carjack a... CP24 5 days ago - Americas You Might Like Facebook Page People Bernie Sanders Jonathan Demme Donald Trump Ann Coulter José Mourinho Current Topics Marshawn Lynch Fox News Chris Soules Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Their Finest Will Macron Make Good On May 7th? MOVIE REVIEW: The Belko Experiment Are We Looking At Double Doctors In Who's Christmas Special? The Fast And Furious Franchise Is Approaching Is Trump Mentally Ill? Genuine Psychiatrists Have Their Say Is a SNES Classic Mini On The Way? Would You Let a STRANGER Choose Your Profile Picture? You May Be Better Off For It Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     US may stay in Paris climate accord, with caveats Listen | Print By Jean-Louis SANTINI, with Kerry SHERIDAN in Miami (AFP)     9 hours ago in World Signs are mounting that US President Donald Trump's administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but certain, and staying at the table could come with significant caveats, like a weakening of US commitments to curbing greenhouse gas emissions. "Given the unpredictability of decision-making by this administration, I am very reluctant to predict," said Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. "But there does seem to be a growing convergence around a strategy of staying in the Paris Agreement but lowering the US target." The latest word on the administration's stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who said Tuesday he would not advise Trump to abandon the deal but rather renegotiate it. US Energy Secretary Rick Perry said he would not advise President Trump to abandon the Paris climate deal, but to "renegotiate it" Aaron P. Bernstein, GETTY/AFP/File That statement aligned Perry, the former governor of Texas, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly headed ExxonMobil and has spoken in favor of honoring the US commitment to the Paris deal, struck in 2015 and signed by more than 190 countries. Trump's daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner -- who both serve as his advisors -- are also said to be in favor of the deal. On Wednesday, 13 major international businesses ranging from energy to pharmaceuticals to retail urged Trump to adhere to the Paris accord. "US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response," said the letter signed by BP, Walmart, Google and others. "We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." Speaking at a TED conference Wednesday, former vice president turned environmental activist Al Gore said there is a "better than a 50-50 chance" Trump will honor the Paris deal. "I certainly hope so, because that agreement sent a powerful message... and has already begun to accelerate the sustainability revolution." - Amending targets? - But some in Trump's inner circle, including advisor Steve Bannon, want Trump to keep his campaign promise to "cancel" the deal. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt is also said to be pushing for a US exit, according to Andrew Light, senior fellow at the World Resources Institute, a global research organization. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt is said to be pushing for an exit from the Paris climate change accords Aaron P. Bernstein, GETTY/AFP/File "He is worried that if the US stays in Paris, that would become the basis for some kind of legal objection to his work now, to do things like dismantle the Clean Power Plan and regulations (former president Barack) Obama put in place on transportation and electricity sectors," Light told AFP. "I don't think the US staying in Paris interferes at all with what Pruitt wants to do with regard to domestic regulations," he added. "But if the US stays in Paris there is a very high likelihood they will also announce they intend to change the US target." The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels. Under the agreement, signatories undertake to limit global warming to "well below" 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels, and to strive for 1.5 C. Countries submitted voluntary, non-binding carbon-cutting goals towards this goal. Light, a former US State Department climate official, said any US weakening of its target would violate the spirit of the accord. "But given that there is no strong compliance regime it is not really clear, to me at least, what other countries could do to try to keep the US from going through with some kind of revision," he said. The White House has said a decision will be announced before the G7 summit in Italy on May 26 and 27. "It is unclear, really, what they are going to do," said Frank Maisano, co-founder of the strategic communications practice at Bracewell, an international law firm based in Houston. "I think the sentiment is currently that they should stay in and for very good reasons, because we never had much success when we just pushed it to the side -- take our toys and go home," he told AFP. More about Environment, US, Climate, Politics, Energy More news from Environment US Climate Politics Energy Coal Latest News Top News Op-Ed: China urges US and South Korea to withdraw THAAD missile system Nigeria's Buhari misses second cabinet meeting in a row Afghan strongman shelters former Taliban insurgents Egypt's Sisi to accept courts' decision on island transfers South Sudan forces launch new offensive: UN Pacquiao promises exciting fight for the fans on July 2 In Muslim Indonesia, tiny Jewish community lives on Op-Ed: Turkish airstrikes on Kurds in Iraq and Syria anger US Manny Pacquiao likely to retire in 2021 Spills on Enbridge's old Line 5 pipeline tops one million gallons Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
News Sports Business Food 45° Full Menu 45° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Local April 26, 2017 4:03 PM Carbon monoxide victim died just ‘talking to a friend’ By Tony Rizzo trizzo@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Kansas City, Kan., police on Wednesday identified two people who died of carbon monoxide poisoning Sunday. Carolyn K. Williams-Cottier, 26, of Kansas City, Kan., and Trevor B. Roth, 30, of Dodge City, Kan., were found dead inside a vehicle in a Wal-Mart parking lot in the 10800 block of Parallel Parkway. Police said their deaths had been classified as accidental. A GoFundMe account has been set up to help Williams-Cottier’s family with funeral expenses. “She passed away from carbon monoxide poisoning without knowing the danger. She was innocently spending time talking with a friend, just like we all do,” according to the person who set up the account. Tony Rizzo: 816-234-4435, @trizzkc LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago Kansas City police seek tips in string of burglaries in Crossroads 3:46 8 hours ago Kansas City police seek tips in string of burglaries in Crossroads 0:52 9 hours ago Vegetable prices are soaring due to heavy rain in California 1:47 9 hours ago The White Privilege Conference in Kansas City View More Video Local Deputy superintendent tapped as interim leader of Shawnee Mission schools Woman accused of shooting husband dead had asked for protection from him, attorney says Minivan-driving thieves break into KC Crossroads Arts District businesses A threat to kill black students at Fort Osage High School led about 200 to protest Wet spring in California leads to high price for lettuce, other produce in Kansas City Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   DuPage County updated: 4/26/2017 8:00 PM Witnesses, video led to murder charge in Oak Brook tollway shooting Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO   Illinois State Police Capt. Robert Meeder, right, and DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin outline charges in an apparent road-rage shooting in Oak Brook. Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer   Justin Kmitch Follow @JustinKmitchDH     Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance technology that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon State police Capt. Robert Meeder said several drivers who said they saw the shooting pulled to the shoulder of the road Friday to talk with troopers. Several others called in tips after seeing media reports of the shooting. All those witnesses gave similar descriptions of Tillmon and the bright green safety vest or jacket he was wearing when he raised his right arm and opened fire, authorities said. That information, along with witnesses' descriptions of the tow truck Tillmon was driving, allowed police to review video from the tollway and compare it to the GPS device and I-PASS transponder in his truck. Now Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, is charged with first-degree murder and is being held on $3 million bail in DuPage County jail. He turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday and appeared Wednesday morning in DuPage bond court wearing a yellow jumpsuit and slippers. "The public has a right to travel safely on our roads, our expressways and our tollways," DuPage State's Attorney Robert Berlin said after the hearing. "Drive-by shootings not only endanger the intended victim but put many innocent motorists and passengers at great risk for bodily harm."   DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin, right, and Assistant State's Attorney Jim French speak at a Wednesday morning news conference outlining the murder charges against Anthony Tillmon of Lansing related to an apparent road-rage shooting last week in Oak Brook. - Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer Tillmon is accused of shooting Eduardo Munoz, 43, most recently of Northlake, who was driving a semitrailer truck east on I-88 during the afternoon rush hour at mile marker 138.5 near York Road. Witnesses said Tillmon, a tow-truck driver for Calumet City's Wes's Service, and Munoz both were driving aggressively and were flailing their arms at each other, authorities said. Tillmon then fired multiple shots, authorities said, hitting Munoz three times. Prosecutors said they don't know what led to the confrontation; Tillmon has not talked to police. Munoz was able to pull over and call 911. He was taken to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, where he died. "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, said during a Wednesday news conference. Prosecutors said tollway video and I-PASS records show the two trucks near each other at the time of the shooting. The tow truck's GPS device also placed the truck assigned to Tillmon at the scene. After the shooting, authorities said, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart in Lansing, where video shows him parking his truck in a remote location and his girlfriend picking him up in a red Jeep. Authorities say many witnesses pulled over on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook to report what they saw of a road rage shooting that killed a truck driver. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Assistant State's Attorney Jim French said Tillmon's girlfriend took him to her Lansing home so he could "clean up" and then dropped him off at Wes's Towing. Once there, he asked one of his co-workers to drive him back to Wal-Mart to pick up the tow truck. He drove the truck back to the company, got in his Dodge Charger, drove back to his girlfriend's house and then left in her Jeep. Berlin declined to answer questions about whether the girlfriend will face charges, saying only that the case remains under investigation. Tillmon's co-workers told authorities he was showing off a gun at work shortly before the shooting. He has no FOID card or concealed carry card. The weapon used in the shooting has not been recovered, but Berlin said authorities found a 9 mm shell casing in the tow truck as well as a green vest with Tillmon's nickname on it. A different gun was found in Tillmon's personal vehicle. "Witness descriptions of the shooter matched (Tillmon) as well as a green jacket," Berlin said. Prosecutors asked Judge Joseph Bugos to deny bail because Tillmon, if found guilty, faces between 45 years and life in prison. "If someone crosses him while he's out on bond, we're going to have another murder in DuPage County or Illinois," French said. Prosecutors said Tillmon has never been convicted of a crime. Tillmon's attorney argued the case against his client is circumstantial and there was no positive identification. He asked for $100,000 bail. If he posts the $300,300 necessary for his release, Tillmon will be ordered held to home confinement, authorities said. His next court date is May 22. Tillmon had worked for Wes's Service for 10 years as a tow-truck driver, the company's attorney, Rory McGinty, said Wednesday. The company has a strict policy against employees carrying weapons while on the job, he said. "From what I'm told, he was a good man for 10 years," McGinty said. "Came to work, did what he was supposed to do." Tillmon was on his shift at the time of the shooting, McGinty said, and it was the last time he reported to work. Now others at Wes's Service are struggling to make sense of what happened. "We don't understand what we're hearing," McGinty said. The truck driver shot on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook was able to pull over after the road rage shooting and call 911 himself. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Munoz, who friends called "Lalo," moved back and forth between Florida and Illinois and most recently was living in Northlake, according to Larry Perez, the lead pastor of U-turn Covenant Church, where Munoz attended services. A fiance, father and grandfather, Munoz drove a truck during the week and apparently was just minutes from the end of his shift when he was shot. A memorial service is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Thursday at the church, 35 E. North Ave., Northlake. A funeral service will be at 10 a.m. Friday. Related Article Police: Road rage led to fatal shooting on Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook   Related Article Florida trucker fatally shot on highway near Chicago   Related Article Truck driver dies after another driver shoots him on I-88 in Oak Brook   Tweet This article filed under: News Oak Brook Crime DuPage County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US may stay in Paris climate accord, with caveats By Afp Published: 17:06 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 18:31 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels Signs are mounting that US President Donald Trump's administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but certain, and staying at the table could come with significant caveats, like a weakening of US commitments to curbing greenhouse gas emissions. "Given the unpredictability of decision-making by this administration, I am very reluctant to predict," said Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. "But there does seem to be a growing convergence around a strategy of staying in the Paris Agreement but lowering the US target." The latest word on the administration's stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who said Tuesday he would not advise Trump to abandon the deal but rather renegotiate it. US Energy Secretary Rick Perry said he would not advise President Trump to abandon the Paris climate deal, but to "renegotiate it" That statement aligned Perry, the former governor of Texas, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly headed ExxonMobil and has spoken in favor of honoring the US commitment to the Paris deal, struck in 2015 and signed by more than 190 countries. Trump's daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner -- who both serve as his advisors -- are also said to be in favor of the deal. On Wednesday, 13 major international businesses ranging from energy to pharmaceuticals to retail urged Trump to adhere to the Paris accord. "US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response," said the letter signed by BP, Walmart, Google and others. "We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." Speaking at a TED conference Wednesday, former vice president turned environmental activist Al Gore said there is a "better than a 50-50 chance" Trump will honor the Paris deal. "I certainly hope so, because that agreement sent a powerful message... and has already begun to accelerate the sustainability revolution." - Amending targets? - But some in Trump's inner circle, including advisor Steve Bannon, want Trump to keep his campaign promise to "cancel" the deal. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt is also said to be pushing for a US exit, according to Andrew Light, senior fellow at the World Resources Institute, a global research organization. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt is said to be pushing for an exit from the Paris climate change accords "He is worried that if the US stays in Paris, that would become the basis for some kind of legal objection to his work now, to do things like dismantle the Clean Power Plan and regulations (former president Barack) Obama put in place on transportation and electricity sectors," Light told AFP. "I don't think the US staying in Paris interferes at all with what Pruitt wants to do with regard to domestic regulations," he added. "But if the US stays in Paris there is a very high likelihood they will also announce they intend to change the US target." The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels. Under the agreement, signatories undertake to limit global warming to "well below" 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels, and to strive for 1.5 C. Countries submitted voluntary, non-binding carbon-cutting goals towards this goal. Light, a former US State Department climate official, said any US weakening of its target would violate the spirit of the accord. "But given that there is no strong compliance regime it is not really clear, to me at least, what other countries could do to try to keep the US from going through with some kind of revision," he said. The White House has said a decision will be announced before the G7 summit in Italy on May 26 and 27. "It is unclear, really, what they are going to do," said Frank Maisano, co-founder of the strategic communications practice at Bracewell, an international law firm based in Houston. "I think the sentiment is currently that they should stay in and for very good reasons, because we never had much success when we just pushed it to the side -- take our toys and go home," he told AFP. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico Another pool look 'Photoshop, Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants PICTURED: Cheryl puts the lavish home she shared with ex-husband on the market for £5million as she focuses on new life with Liam Payne 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' Will amicably co-parent their newborn son Eissa Kate Wright shares a very busty throwback from recent trip to Ibiza... after QUITTING The Only Way Is Essex as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her birthday Ferne McCann talks childbirth during cameo on The Mummy Diaries... filmed BEFORE she revealed she was pregnant by her acid attack suspect ex Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico It's a cover up Bikini-clad Amber Turner puts on a sizzling display alongside a glam Megan McKenna to film for TOWIE's series finale... as fans call for her to be SACKED Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Due date is approaching Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour Their year-old daughter Luna is coming! Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Missing out on girls' trip Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes behind in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights with daughter Madison 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit Reminiscent of the ones worn on iconic 90's show Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Racy Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere An elegant pure white outfit Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Rising star! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK 'Have you lost weight?' Fans share their concern as Megan McKenna posts snap of her notably slender body ahead of TOWIE pool party 'I was made to feel like a cheap whore': Ashley James reveals she changed her racy top at fashion event after cab driver took a picture of her breasts Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price The 48-year-old singer had slashed the price Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical  Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave White House party because all she could do was cry  Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Daisy Lowe makes a statement with a bold red lip at London launch... as Claudia Winkleman flaunts her ample assets in a plunging black dress What would the Neighbours say? Jodi Anasta and Olympia Valance STRIP DOWN to sheer bras and stockings in sultry photo shoot 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots A pop of pink! Crown Princess Mary clutches a colourful bouquet of BALLOON flowers as she tours a hospital for seriously sick children Visiting children TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in sexy cut-out swimwear as she enjoys ice cream and a passionate kiss with beau James Lock at finale wrap party 'They're keen to keep it quiet': Amber Dowding and Chris Clark are officially dating again... as TOWIE fans turn on him following his split with Jesy Nelson Such a ladies van! Brooklyn Beckham flaunts his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover to female companions as he heads for a ride in London 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing her late dad'S legacy Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party Trying the blonde bombshell look Lily Collins rocks leather pants and red lips for WE Day cocktail party Golden Globe nominee gave a talk at the Inglewood Forum Steph Davis ups the glam in skin-tight leggings and sky-high heels as she takes son for a stroll... after confirming she's back together with Jeremy  'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Married to physician Jason Wimberly Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in terror attack just a month ago Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot Hitting the beach 'She's an attention-seeker!' Chloe Sims continues to vent fury over Megan McKenna as she brands her 'fake' over closeness to ex Pete Wicks on TOWIE The Only Way is... back! Lauren Pope is set to make explosive return to TOWIE after two year break... and reveals she had a fling with Dan Edgar PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-list couple put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion complete with servants' quarters 'Perspective is a b****': Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid un-airbrushed bikini furore PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in LA One-on-one time Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London She sheer is the main attraction! Busty Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in mesh detail top at underwear launch in London All eyes were on her Lucy Mecklenburgh looks sensational as she flaunts her sun-kissed skin and gym-honed figure in a demure peplum dress for Boux Avenue launch Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York Needed to stand out from the crowd Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Magic Mike hunk  'It was an "us or them" situation': Spice Girls talent show to find two new stars has been AXED 'after Victoria Beckham and Mel C refused to be replaced'  Made In Chelsea newcomer Daisy Robins reveals she 'spent the night' with Lewis Bloor... after kissing snap that saw him make a dig at his ex Marnie Simpson Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party With his girls EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Rubbernecking gatecrashers will be denied access to Pippa's wedding  Not a public wedding SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: My £31,000 diamond and gold watch, by Redgrave: Actress says it is one of 'my favourite things' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: No chance of Harry's ex getting camera shy! Picture of Chelsy Davy in a bikini is posted by hotel heiress She knows how to make a splash! Sam Faiers sizzles in a busty bikini as she spends the day at Legoland in Dubai with baby son Paul TOWIE's Courtney Green displays her VERY ample cleavage in perilously plunging swimwear and semi-sheer sarong for finale pool party 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Love Island's Tina Stinnes looks set to cause havoc for Jamie and Frankie in EXPLOSIVE Made In Chelsea episode... after slamming the show Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini Seeing double! Megan McKenna and Amber Dowding slip into skimpy swimsuits as they get to work on the set of TOWIE series finale  Amber Heard says she's 'missing' pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with boyfriend Elon Musk following dog smuggling drama with ex Johnny Depp 'Why can't they say chorizo properly?': MasterChef viewers slam professional cook for his pronunciation of the Spanish sausage (so how DO you say it?) Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual as he enjoys family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver Curvy Kelly Brook is the perfect hourglass in a sophisticated off-the-shoulder dress for food launch Looked glamorous at London's Tower Bridge 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Personal struggles Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Returned to her Manhattan apartment  Tallia Storm looks devilishly sexy in lacy bralette and chic bomber jacket as she flaunts her abs at London art exhibition Looking good Make-up free Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is beams while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26... as he toys with quitting acting Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Lucy Mecklenburgh oozes confidence in TINY string bikini as she flaunts slim figure for racy Instagram... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Toned physique Katie Price shocks viewers as she says the N-word TWICE on live TV while discussing the online bullying her son Harvey has faced Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Been sober for the past 18 months Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Awkward...  X Factor's Craig Colton looks downcast as he's spotted for first time since horrifying homophobic knife attack at his home Vicious knife attack 'When I was bigger I had to depend on humour': Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt reveals larger frame created more job opportunities 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honoured by the King of Spain Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot Showed plenty of skin despite the clouds 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Looking back 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga Happy as they are Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Not happy From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC American Horror Story co-stars Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) With 20 plus tattoos, there is not much room Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set Working hard Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Enjoyed a day out with his family Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks white dress and trench... after ex Kris Jenner wore near identical outfit a year ago Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Kill-ian Murphy! Peaky Blinders actor Cillian is back to his violent ways as Tommy Shelby as he and co-star Adrien Brody brandish guns on the set of the hit show Suited and booted! Lily James teams her post-WWII costume with UGG BOOTS as she takes a break on the set of drama flick Guernsey Dressed in character They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Directorial debut Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since accidentally revealing she was expecting Foot-Loose Women! TV hosts are put through their paces as they perform one of Steps' classic routines during impromptu dance-off with band WhatsApp-ening here? Pregnant Danielle Lloyd sneaks a peek at fiancé Michael O'Neill's phone as she goes make-up free in snakeskin print tracksuit for stroll Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Yanked from the NBC schedule Johnny Depp slams ex managers for blaming $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Posted on Facebook That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years after painful divorce sidelined her New music this summer 'Stressed' BGT's George Sampson, reveals he's getting a £9k hair transplant after dance moves caused severe balding 'It was like therapy': Coronation Street's Jane Danson admits moving Michelle Connor stillbirth storyline helped her come to terms with losing her own baby My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in Snapchat video Very cute Ready to take the next step! Vicky Pattison and beau John Noble share steamy smooch as they hunt for their first home together in Newcastle Happy couple Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Had lunch with a friend Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between Couldn't keep the smile off her face What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in skin-tight sportswear as she hits the gym following family trip It was business as usual for Coleen Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Blonde bombshell Baby brain? Alex Jones showcases her sleek post-baby figure as she leaves The One Show ... after making embarrassing blunder on air with Chris Pratt Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami Discussed various cultural concerns Hilaria Baldwin recalls watching husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) A significant age difference 'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Held the bottom of her growing bump Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  Security scare 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post about family Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  The reality TV star had cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumoured new love interest Travis look very cosy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Namaste like this for the picture: Flexy Pixie Lott slips into a teeny polka dot bikini as she contorts her body for early morning yoga in flashback snap Contestant on The Chase FAILS in her bid to win £4,000 to 'date' Micheal Bolton - but Bradley Walsh still makes the superfan's dream come true The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Fund dead on Sunday  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife already have three daughters... but a fourth could be on the horizon Enjoying retirement A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Serena Williams reveals she announced her pregnancy on social media by ACCIDENT as she opens up about why she fell for geek fiancee Off-duty Jennifer Lawrence transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side  She's so Kardashian! Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing On Snapchat 'There are darker times to come': Corrie's Chris Harper hints Bethany Platt will be raped again as he reveals storyline has had 'brilliant' reaction A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with actress Natalie Morales' Not to be confused with TV host of same name Gold and Silv-stedt! Socialite Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NY Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... three years after suing singer for egging their home Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley poses with their children for special reunion photo shoot Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door Chelsea Clinton receives award for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  Blue is the colour! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Maria Sharapova returns to training ahead of Stuttgart comeback and will find out if she can compete at the French Open next month Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle Happy chappy! Hunky American actor Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in a Gold Coast bar The hunky American actor is currently filming 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Open Menu Gear 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Carry On The Go List Travel Archive Fitness In Stride Performance Plate Lab Rat Science of Performance The 101 Fitness Archive Adventure Trail Life Big Ideas Feuds First Look Adventure Archive Sponsor ContentSea Change Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Notebook Dating and Love How I Work Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches No, thanks The New Icons Subscribe Now and Save 72% off the Cover Price. PLUS Get the May Special Women's Issue! Learn More Gear Guy Our Six Favorite Adventure Blankets Versatility that rolls By: Joe Jackson Apr 26, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Even in the summer, a blanket can be a make or break item on a camping trip. Photo: Courtesy Rumpl I’d say that in the pantheon of useful summer gear, an adventure blanket stacks up right behind flip-flops and shorts. They’re great for picnics on the beach, stargazing in the mountains, and cuddling in your tent. Here are six options to get you started. Nemo Victory ($80)   Photo: Courtesy Nemo Best For: Naps This will be the third summer that a four-person Victory Blanket has lived in the trunk of my car. If I had to guess, I’d wager that my wife and I have logged over 100 hours of reading, eating, and napping on ours. I love it because the rugged tarp-like bottom sloughs off mud and dirt, and the woven top is cushy enough to sleep on without a pad (assuming you’re not camped out on rocks). Warning: all that cushiness means the blanket is bulky. Rolled up, it’s significantly bigger than my backpacking tent. Buy Now Mexican Blanket ($14)   Photo: Courtesy El Paso Designs Best For: Backup One of these handmade, polyester-cotton blankets from Mexico that you can find in a place like Walmart should have a permanent spot in your car as backup, even if you’ve already got a more expensive blanket. They do just fine on the beach and on dry ground for picnics. They’re also pretty warm, unless temperatures drop into the thirties. Do not use them, however, when the ground is wet. The polyester-cotton blend soaks up water and renders them useless. Buy Now Rumpl Original Puffy ($100 and up)   Photo: Courtesy Rumpl Best For: Snuggling There’s a healthy dose of synthetic insulation in this blanket, so I think of it as a backcountry quilt that’s perfect for warmer nights in the tent. You can also use it as a wrap on early mornings before the campfire starts raging or when you want to sit and watch the stars. Bonus: it’s machine washable. Buy Now Coalatree Kachula Adventure 2.0 ($70)   Photo: Courtesy Coalatree Best For: Durability Hey, all you overlanders: this is what you want in the back of your Tacoma. Made from ripstop nylon with a durable water-repellent coating, it’s my first choice when I have to lay down and change a tire in the rain, snow, or mud. The striped earth-tone patterns also look good laid across sandstone in Moab. When packed up, it sits somewhere between the Victory and Mexican blankets in terms of size. Buy Now Pendleton Roll-Up ($140)   Photo: Courtesy Pendleton Best For: Romantic picnics At $140, the Roll-Up is the most expensive pick on my list, but the Oregon-made, virgin-wool blanket is also the best-looking. You can choose from several classic plaid designs, and it comes with a nylon back, so it won’t get roughed up on the ground. When temps drop, the wool is a great insulator. Heads up: the blanket has to be dry-cleaned, so be careful not to spill your beer or wine on it. Buy Now Grand Trunk Parasheet ($40)   Photo: Courtesy Grand Trunk Best For: The beach There’s no padding here, but the nylon stays cool, so it’s great on hot, soft sand. It will also keep your clothes from getting dirty, and when it’s not in use the 16-ounce blanket packs down to the size of a jacket and fits easily in your pack or picnic basket. Buy Now Filed To: Car Camping, Sleep, Gear, Adventure, Moab, Synthetic Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Text Email Icon Email Subscribe to Outside Save 72% and Get the Special Women's Issue! State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Load More Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC.
null
Skip to main content Home About Advertise Contact Giving to NCR Give Now Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Printable Forms Subscribe Account Give Now National Catholic Reporter The Independent News Source Search Search Menu Menu Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Search form Search Catholic colleges join nationwide hunger strike protests against Wendy's Shireen Korkzan  |  Apr. 26, 2017 NCR Today PrintemailPDF Three Catholic colleges have joined a rolling series of nationwide protests against fast-food chain Wendy’s. Dozens of students and alumni from John Carroll University, Georgetown University and University of Notre Dame have collaborated to participate in three sequential 48-hour fasts this week. Since March, students from colleges across the country have been participating in hunger strikes to protest Wendy’s in solidarity with the Coalition of Immokalee Workers, a cohort of farmworkers in Florida that has been lobbying to improve farmworkers’ rights since 1993. Participating colleges in the solidarity fasts include the Ohio State University, University of Michigan, New College of Florida, University of South Florida, University of Tampa, Eckerd College and Vanderbilt University. In 2011, the Coalition of Immokalee Workers launched the worker-driven Fair Food Program, a partnership among farmers, farmworkers and food companies that ensures livable wages and humane conditions for produce pickers. The program was designed and implemented by workers, and now protects thousands of farmworkers. Fourteen major food retailers currently participate in the program, including Taco Bell, McDonald's, Burger King, Chipotle, Walmart and Whole Foods Market. Wendy's, however, has yet to join the Fair Food Program. In addition, the Dublin, Ohio-based chain imports its tomatoes from Mexico, which the coalition claims is unethical, citing Richard Marosi's four-part series of articles on the slavery conditions Mexican farmworkers face that appeared in The Los Angeles Times in 2014. Related: Ohio State students fast, protest against university's lease renewal with fast-food chain Wendy's, March 2014, 2017 See the NCR content you're missing! Request a FREE sample of our print edition. The coalition says it shares a longstanding partnership with John Carroll University through the Jesuit institution’s alternative spring break program. Through the spring break program, students have the opportunity to build relationships with farmworkers in Immokalee by participating in various community service projects and engaging in local cultural activities, including Mass. According to Shelby Mack, an organizer for the Alliance for Fair Food, a large number of the farmworkers are Catholic. The alliance is a partnering organization of the coalition. Five John Carroll students launched their fast on April 24, which ended with a delegation to a Wendy’s near campus at noon local time on April 26. Six Georgetown students will pick up the fast later this evening and spend the next 48 hours educating other students about farmworker conditions through a series of educational events on campus, including a screening of “Food Chains,” a documentary about agricultural labor in the United States. The Georgetown students will conclude their fast with a vigil organized with students from George Washington University and DC Fair Food, a local chapter of the Alliance for Fair Food. Three Notre Dame students will conclude this week’s series of hunger strikes, beginning their 48 hours of fasting with a “Last Supper” and hosting several educational events on campus over the next couple of days. The coalition says Notre Dame was one of the first colleges to join the Student/Farmworker Alliance, a national network of students and youth fighting to eradicate the exploitation of farmworkers in solidarity and partnership with the Coalition of Immokalee Farmworkers. Human trafficking in the United States Food and drink St. Joseph County, Indiana Agriculture Social movements Farmworker Coalition of Immokalee Workers Student/Farmworker Alliance Fair Food Program Food Chains Chipotle Mexican Grill Immokalee, Florida University of Notre Dame Georgetown University John Carroll University Jesuits McDonald's Burger King Taco Bell Walmart Whole Foods Market Wendy's Slavery Abuse exploitation of workers Richard Marosi United States Mexico Advertisement Print email PDF Show comments National Catholic Reporter uses Civil Comments. Please keep your comments on-topic, focus on the issue and avoid personal insults, harassment and abuse. Read the user guide.   Search form Search NCR Email Alerts Sign up to get NCR updates by email. Existing users: change your preferences here. Enter your email address in the box below and click “Go.” NCR on Facebook NCR on Twitter NCR on YouTube NCR on Instagram NCR Email Alerts NCR RSS feed   In This Issue April 21-May 4, 2017 Read select articles from our print issue Special Section [Print Only]: Summer Books SUBSCRIBE! Latest Posts In El Salvador, a moment more precious than gold by Andrés McKinley Eco Catholic Parish roundup: Marrow donors; creation care; Springfield synod by Dan Morris-Young NCR Today Religious freedom abroad deteriorates, with few exceptions by Thomas Reese Faith and Justice Ohio court votes to vacate ruling on state's lethal injection protocol by Kristen Whitney Daniels NCR Today Catholic colleges join nationwide hunger strike protests against Wendy's by Shireen Korkzan NCR Today Trump's neglected promise to American workers by Simone Campbell, Jason Kimelman-Block NCR Today Links for 04/26/17 by Michael Sean Winters Distinctly Catholic Francis 'rewriting Italian church history' with visit to priests' tombs in June by Joshua J. McElwee NCR Today Pope's quotes: Healthcare rights by NCR Staff The Francis Chronicles Morning Briefing by Dennis Coday, Tom Roberts NCR Today More posts >   Accountability Books Justice Media Parish People Politics Spirituality Theology Vatican World Global Sisters Report Contact Address and Phone Customer Service Company Directory Website Help About NCR Mission Job Opportunities Submission Guidelines Web User Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise NCR Media Kit Online Advertising Email Advertising Donate Ways to Give Stock and Securities Gifts Legacy/Estate Gifts Endowment Gifts Naming Opportunities Subscribe Subscribe to NCR Give NCR as a Gift Renew Kindle edition Store National Catholic Reporter publications: NCRonline.org | CelebrationPublications.org | GlobalSistersReport.org Copyright © The National Catholic Reporter Publishing Company | 115 E. Armour Blvd., Kansas City, MO 64111 | 1-800-444-8910
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Vudu Disc-to-Digital goes mobile: scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for a fee [Updated] Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:12am PDTMar 23, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 93 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Applications News Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into Vudu has offered a Disc-to-Digital service for a while for those who wanted to convert their physical DVD and Blu-Ray movie collection to digital. However, the service either required you to pop into a Walmart with all of your discs in hand or download the app on your computer and insert discs one by one to verify that you own them. Now, the option is available on mobile. Through an update to the Vudu app, which doesn't seem to be live yet, Vudu users will be able to scan the barcode off their DVDs and Blu-Rays and let the app offer them the digital version in return. There are a couple of catches though plus a fee to pay. First, the service only has about 8000 movies in the catalogue now, so you may run into one or many that aren't yet supported. For example, Disney's movies aren't available, but you shouldn't have problems with Lionsgate, Paramount, Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, or Warner Bros. Second, you have to physically be at your billing location because the app will request a GPS verification to make sure you're at home scanning your own collection and not strolling through a store and scanning everything on the shelves. Third, there's a limit of 100 titles per year per account, which seems like a reasonable way to avoid potential abuse from those who manage to get around the location limitation. As for the price, it costs $2 to convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-Ray to HD, but $5 to upgrade a DVD to HD. One complimentary conversion will be offered for Vudu users to try out the service. If neither the catches or prices turned you off, the feature should go live today so keep your eye on an update to the Vudu app if you're interested. Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into digital movies! Upgrade your app and convert your collection today! • It’s easy! Scan the UPC, convert with a click, and watch anytime, anywhere • Conversions start at just $2; watch instantly • Access your movies on any Vudu compatible device Don’t have your UPC? Try Vudu To Go on your computer or laptop and convert with your disc. Learn more at vudu.com/disc End of Update Download QR-Code Vudu Movies & TV Developer: VUDU Price: Free Press Release Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Vudu’s Mobile Disc-to-Digital is Available Starting Today for Nearly 8,000 Movies March 23, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vudu, Walmart’s subscription-free, premium video streaming service, announced today the launch of the first mobile offering to convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital libraries, right from a customer’s phone. Available beginning today, March 23, at 12:00 a.m. EDT, Mobile Disc-to-Digital turns DVDs and Blu-rays into digital movies* with a simple scan through the Vudu app. These movies can then be viewed on hundreds of Vudu-enabled devices including televisions, Blu-ray disc players, gaming consoles, streaming players and through the Vudu app on phones and tablets. Over the past several years, Vudu has seen increased demand for its offerings that bridge physical and digital entertainment, including its in-home Disc-to-Digital service and InstaWatch, which automatically sends customers a digital copy of eligible DVDs or Blu-ray discs purchased at Walmart stores and on Walmart.com. “The average movie collector owns nearly 100 DVDs and Blu-rays.** We know these customers have invested a lot into building their physical movie collections,” said Jeremy Verba, general manager, Vudu. “As more and more customers create digital libraries, we are constantly looking for ways to help them unlock additional value from the movies they already own.” Mobile Disc-to-Digital works on iPhones and Android devices and is available for nearly 8,000 movies from Lionsgate, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. Additional titles will be added in the coming months. Movie fans can convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-ray disc to HDX for $2. To upgrade DVDs to HDX, it will cost $5 per title. All Vudu users will receive one complimentary first-time mobile conversion. Mobile Disc-to-Digital conversions must take place at a customer’s home / billing address. Mobile Disc-to-Digital works in three easy steps: 1. Scan – Navigate to Disc-to-Digital in the Vudu app and scan the barcode on the physical disc case. 2. Convert – Choose SD or HDX. Submit one title or scan all of your movies before submitting. 3. Watch – Watch your movies on any Vudu-enabled device. “Like Walmart, at Vudu we’re always striving to save our customers time and money,” added Verba. “Our Mobile Disc-to-Digital service is a key part of Vudu’s broader effort to make digital entertainment access simple and convenient.” For more information on Vudu, visit www.Vudu.com. *Customers need a free UltraViolet account in order to use Mobile Disc-to-Digital **Fox Media & Tech Tracker - 2016 About Vudu With more than 100,000 titles that can be watched on movie lovers’ favorite devices, Vudu gives users anytime, anywhere access to favorite movies and television shows. At home or on the go, online or offline, Vudu delivers a premium entertainment experience with the latest in digital video and entertainment technology, including 4K Ultra High Definition, Dolby Vision HDR and Dolby Atmos Cinema Sound. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tags blu-ray to digital convert dvds to digital disc-to-digital vudu walmart subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Arlo Q 2-pack of 1080p cameras available for $260 on Amazon ($90 off) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Get a Sony Xperia XZ for $430 ($220 off) with a U.S. warranty from eBay Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments FernandoRocker What prevent us to just generate the barcodes and scan them from the computer's screen? Justin W Same thing that prevents you from walking into a store and scanning an on-the-shelf DVD you haven't purchased: nothing. F4LL0U7 The GPS feature prevents you from doing it at the store, but you could take a photo at the store and then do it at home. I don't really care enough to go through that hassle, but I'll definitely do the one complimentary conversion to try out the service. Impulse_Vigil I'm curious what does the location feature check for... Cause my billing address is a P.O. box a couple miles from my house. Zorn85 ...well presumably it will check to see if you are at the billing address, which you wouldn't be if it's a PO Box. They may not even accept PO Boxes as billing addresses for that very reason. Impulse_Vigil Vudu does, at least in general, it might error out for the purpose of this service tho. Hasn't gone live so can't very well try it and find out... Gregory What's a billing address? Brett What's a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there any horse socks? Is anybody listening to me? Gregory You might be joking, but I genuinely have no idea what a billing address is. Internet search reveals that it's "an address to which you receive your credit card statement", but I've never seen a "credit card statement" in my life either... Matt Do you know what a shipping address is? Demitrius Harris Everybody knows that... clearly, a shipping address is a speech given to an audience of ships. Clearly. My1 well putting credit cards aside, you probably have to register with an address in case any bills or whatever may arrive, and the app will check whether you are at your registered address. F4LL0U7 Everybody my age pees their pants, it's the coolest disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O The address your credit card is registered on. tehboogieman UPCs for DVDs and Blurays are easily available online just like almost any movie that's on this list, Don't even need to go anywhere. I guess it's a way for pirates to launder their movies, but hardly seems worth it to pay for something a person is willing to "steal" Justin W Ah, missed that part of the article. Still, it's quite stupid to assume this would stop anyone from trying to get discount movies, as others have mentioned UPCs are available pretty much universally online. Impulse_Vigil You still need to pay per disc, so I imagine between the 100 movie cap and the cost they've crunched the numbers on possible losses... If you're going to all these trouble you'd probably just pirate it thru p2p anyway. Demitrius Harris Some people rather not steal, no matter the cost or savings. Impulse_Vigil You're misinterpreting my comment, I never justified stealing or pirating... Shoot I commented I'd be trying this out, I *still* buy BDs and even CDs. What I'm saying is that the companies behind this are aware there'll be a certain amount of people trying to game the system and they probably already crunched the numbers on potential losses... Plus they know that pirating a movie online is still much much easier, so they don't need to put so many safeguards on this system... Not that many people are gonna go around scanning barcodes with pretend addresses in order to steal online copies of a movie. Demitrius Harris Thank you for clarifying and yes, I misunderstood what you meant. HeyRadar Honestly, $2 (or $5.00) is a fair price for a media-less video anyway. Why digital and physical copies stayed the same price, was just price fixing. My1 I would agree if this is offline and without annoyances, but I have experienced too much of the bullshit happening there to believe that that would happen. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Or you could just do it yourself at home using Handbrake. FernandoRocker But you could theoretically stream the Vudu movies from anywhere, not just locally. Impulse_Vigil Yeah that's one advantage... Uploading a bunch of rips to a cloud account or streaming them from home is certainly possible but more of a hassle. slayer91790 Then that's were Plex comes into play. mog386 But with handbrake you can't get hd versions of your DVDs. With Vudu you can get the HDX copy for a bit more. Which is perfect if you have a giant DVD collection that you never got rid of... Like me. Matt But you can't take a picture of a dvd in a store and put the picture into Handbrake. Shagnscooby Headline probably shouldn't imply you can do your whole collection for free when you only get one. A bit click-batey. DEKKER Read again: "for a fee". marcusmarcus2 I hate how articles headlines are click-batey when I don't read them. How dare they. Reading is hard. /s SHunter Couldn't you jus go to the store and start scanning barcodes? Just price checking! /wink cajunflavoredbob Settings > Developer Options > Enable Mock Locations Yes. Yes you could. You could also do a Google Search at home for the DVD box art, which would get you the barcode at home. If they block mock locations, root users can move the mock location app to /system. However, for all this hassle of trying to game Vudu as a service, you could also download the films illegally and not be restricted to Vudu's service. Point is that there are always ways around the artificial road blocks set up by media companies. Illegal is illegal. Choose your poison. Nathan J Well, you're still paying $5 for HD or $2 for SD. The fact that you supposedly bought it on DVD doesn't really matter. I mean, does it really? You could have bought the disc used for however low. You could have borrowed it from a friend. The idea that they made money on the first sale of the DVD is beside the point. They're selling you access to a DRM-locked digital file for $5. It's not an unfair price for the consumer, and it's straight profit to the rightsholder. I don't think you can really cheat them, since you're paying either way. Unless it's the free copy, which I'm guessing Vudu pays for. But they're paying regardless, and they don't see a single rusty red cent of the DVD's initial sale, so it doesn't matter (much) to them. Or at least it shouldn't. Dan DeBartolo It's $2 for HD if you are scanning Blu Ray titles. $2/pop for 1080p titles that are viewable offline is pretty sweet. My1 you dont even need mock location, you also could just take a picture of the DVD with barcode and take a picture of that picture to scan the barcode, or you check google images. teh Jax Now I just need this to work on my HDDVD titles! jm9843 I did this in-store one time and they treated it like a DVD. So the 'conversion' to HD was a little more expensive ($5 instead of $2). teh Jax No shit?! That's pretty awesome! brararsh At first I read it as "Scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for FREE". My Bad. :) Max Johnson Me too. Why the heck would I want to do it for a 'fee' when I can do it for free myself. enoch861 Well your first conversion is gratis. So there's that. Jeff Beck Keep in mind if you convert 10+ movies at a time you get a 50 percent discount, bringing the cost down to $1 a movie or 2.50 for an HD upgrade if you are using a DVD copy. I converted all the titles I could from my own library a couple years ago. I love not having to use discs anymore and my collection is available almost anywhere through VUDU. marcusmarcus2 Nice catch. Robert Preston It appears they sadly ended that promotion, finally. Josh The standard (long standing) 50% off for converting 10 titles at a time has now expired. Now, newcomers to D2D who use the mobile app to convert titles, get 50% off of 10 for their first conversion only. Previous users get 100% off their first mobile conversion, for a single title. Chris Griffin "Ok." - Plex users mjholtzem So it looks like this service is backed by UltraViolet, so that means discs that you convert with this service should be available on other UltraViolet clients such as Flixter right? enoch861 I believe so. But don't quote me on that. mjholtzem Any clue how that might work with "hdx" titles? enoch861 On other services it'll show up as HD since Vudu is the only one that has "HDX". As far as I can tell any Blu-Ray is redeemed as an HDX title. All my Blu-Rays I've redeemed (with the UV code) show up as HDX. mjholtzem If that's true this is actually pretty compelling Josh Yes, about UltraViolet and Flixster Video. JPMcMillen Not necessarily. I've got a few UltraViolet movies I can watch on Vudu, but are marked 'Currently Unavailable' on Flixter. Flixter does show the movies in the list, so it's not like it can't find them, they just aren't available through them. Richard Branches Wish we could have this in other countries, I remember Vudu was planning to go internationally starting with Mexico but it didn't work out, which is sad 😞... Josh When I travelled, I was able to get it working with a VPN connection. Also Hola Unblocker worked in Chrome. Leonardo Baez Limitation of 100 titles per year.... But I have a 450 titles collection. (Dvds plus blurays) Jeff718 Pay again to have access anywhere without carrying around a DVD player. Nathan J Anywhere? So you can download the files for offline use and watch on an airplane? Or anywhere you have unmetered broadband access? Because there is a pretty big difference there. Not trying to be snarky here. I am unfamiliar with the Vudu service. I do have a couple movies up there. Since I started buying Blu-rays, a couple of them have had the digital HD option. (Pro tip, never do Google. They only offer SD copies. Found that out the hard way with Independence Day. Digital HD copy? Google is an option? Oh, Google only offers it in SD? And I can't change my mind and use Vudu instead? Well that sucks!) ProvoAggie They do allow offline playback. You can download them using the app on your tablet, phone or PC. Dan DeBartolo You absolutely can do offline playback. I download a bunch to my iPad Vudu app before hitting the road. The Ultraviolet linkage also means titles share between platforms like Flixster video, and it's Disney Movies Anywhere friendly. When the 50% for 10 or more titles was active I converted my entire DVD collection to HD digital at $2.50/pop. Some of the remastered prints are a pretty penny on their own, and to get some classics in HD was well worth it. The old SD DVDs age with time. It was a no brained for me. br_hermon I doubt it but... does VUDU allow you to download the files locally so you can store them and play them via VLC, Kodi, etc? Is there DRM? or is it proprietary, and you can only view them on VUDU's servers (streaming)? Japzone It's just like all the other VOD services like iTunes, Google Play, etc. You stream from them, and they have a few apps that support offline playback. Plenty of DRM layered on as required by Hollywood. Jeff718 I toss my cases and put my discs in a binder. Am I screwed if I want to use this service? HeyRadar You may not be able to use the smartphone app, but you can still use the service using a PC, or taking your discs to Walmart. Course, you could probably find the UPC on the internet. Josh Note that the in-store Walmart conversion service ends on April 1. Mr. Robot Sounds like there's no conversion involved. This company just sells you those movies in digital form for a lower price because you already own the physical discs. But the article misses some important information, f.e. what format you get and if there's DRM or not. I bet there is. Japzone It doesn't miss anything. This is clearly about Vudu, a popular VOD Streaming service owned by Walmart. Everything is streamed and DRM protected, with some apps that support offline playback. Just like every other VOD Streaming service out there that deals with Hollywood content. Mr. Robot Sorry, not everybody who reads AP is from the US. I have never before heard of this service and as I said, the word "conversion" is a bit misleading IMO. And even after your answer I still don't know the format. Is it h264, hevc, VP9? Japzone There is no user accessible format. The content is accessed like Netflix. You stream using their website or apps, and the apps have a DRM protected offline function so you can store videos offline for a flight or trip. The user never gets direct access to the files. Sorian >400 dvds and blu-rays.... yeah... that's expensive for now. RyanT I'd say about half of my collection came with digital copies, would be nice to eventually have the other half digital as well, not to mention upgrading those awful old DVDs. Motoinsistor It's live now, just showed up for me in settings pfmiller Doesn't work for me. Tried my free conversion and it app just "captures" your UPC before you even have a chance to line up the barcode. Even if you manage to get the barcode lined up in time it always reports that it can't find the UPC. Michael Scapp I tried this today, and I got an error message every time. Still buggy, hoping it gets better with updates. My1 is this thing US only? would be great to convert my anime collection over. but probably the digital version is either online only and/or riddled with DRM Skeeter P I added some the first night. Now I tried to add more and it keeps saying location has to be same as billing address. It won't work. I didn't move from night before?? Powered phone off. restarted. checked location Button nothing helps. Any ideas? Max Miller http://www.upcitemdb.com You're welcome... Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 8 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 61 dbrand debuts grippy new Black Dragon skin, offers 20% off storewide until midnight ET 2017/04/24 5:26pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 29 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 443 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 3 Google TalkBack 5.2 is out of beta with speech verbosity settings, Select to Speak, and more 2017/04/26 6:28pm PDTApr 26, 2017 19 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 26 Nougat starts rolling out to the Samsung Chromebook Plus, but only for Canary builds right now 2017/04/26 2:34pm PDTApr 26, 2017 60 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Blast from the Past 296 1 Year Ago Today Evleaks Says HTC Is Building Two Nexuses - M1 And S1 - And We Think They're Codenamed Marlin And Sailfish 2016/04/27 11:45am PDTApr 27, 2016 83 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Set A Reminder As Well] Google's Desktop Search Also Lets You Set An Alarm Or Send A Note To Your Phone 2015/04/27 1:00am PDTApr 27, 2015 51 3 Years Ago Today Solid Explorer Updated With Limited Work-Around For KitKat SD Card Restrictions On Samsung Devices 2014/04/27 3:30pm PDTApr 27, 2014 6 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Transformer Pad 300 3G (TF300TG) Currently Getting Its Android 4.2.1 Update, Full ROM Download Already Available 2013/04/27 3:43pm PDTApr 27, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today [The Android Police Podcast] Episode 7: Squirting Tidbits 2012/04/27 7:12pm PDTApr 27, 2012 31 6 Years Ago Today PSA: Take It Easy, AT&T Isn't Targeting Unauthorized Android Tethering (And May Never) 2011/04/27 10:49pm PDTApr 27, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today HTC Desire, Legend, And Possibly Incredible Rooted By MoDaCo.com Founder PaulOBrien 2010/04/27 11:31pm PDTApr 27, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 61 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 105 [Update: Just headphones for employees] Google-branded wireless headphones show up at the FCC 2017/04/26 10:28am PDTApr 26, 2017 20 Google Photos v2.14 is preparing personalized experiences and sharing suggestions based around facial recognition [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:08pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 7 Days 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 24 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 48 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 101 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 135 queries | 0.695s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
TV Reality Gossip Music Red Carpet New! VIDEO Privacy Policy Terms of Service Latest News Pretty Little Liars Jesse Williams Married at First Sight Chris Soules Videos 0 Saved Articles Recently Viewed Advertisement Credit: Instagram     Teen Mom ‘Teen Mom’ Grandmas Barbara Evans and Debra Danielsen Officially Bury the Hatchet April 26, 2017 by Haley Longman 0 Shares Advertisement Though their daughters still have a long way to go, Teen Mom’s most outspoken grandmas seem to have buried the hatchet! Despite having a few choice words for Barbara Evans and Jenelle Evans a few short weeks ago, Debra Danielsen reunited with Babs to film an MTV special, and it definitely seems like these two gals are newfound besties. A few weeks ago, Farrah Abraham’s mom did an interview in which she bashed her daughter’s Teen Mom OG co-stars, and even threw a few jabs at the Evans ladies. She said Jenelle needs to “reset her priorities in life,” and that Babs “gave me the cold shoulder” and “said some mean things about my daughter.”   Credit: MTV     But that seems to be a thing of the past, as the franchise’s most outspoken mamas have officially reunited. Debra, who appears with Farrah and ex-husband Michael in Marriage Boot Camp: Family Edition, posted two photos on Instagram of herself and the Walmart deli worker over the weekend, and they looked chummy as can be. Having mom&me wine with @barbara0230 ! So much fun! A post shared by Debra Danielsen (@ddanielsen1) on Apr 25, 2017 at 8:57am PDT Nothin’ to see here, folks. Just two 50-somethings hanging out with some wine and cheese. The aspiring rapper even revealed in the photo captions that she was “having so much fun” and “a wonderful time” with the Teen Mom 2 grandma. BFF alert! Having a wonderful time with @barbara0230 ! A post shared by Debra Danielsen (@ddanielsen1) on Apr 25, 2017 at 6:28pm PDT It’s unclear exactly what the ladies were filming, but they were clearly shooting a special of sorts at MTV studios in Santa Clarita, California. We look forward to finding out what they were up to! So, how do we think their daughters feel about this little hang out sesh?   Farrah is probably totally unbothered, since she’s been in San Francisco with Simon Saran filming his upcoming “Being Simon” special. Little Indians! #TeenMomOG #beingsimon #indian #india @taalboutique @farrah__abraham A post shared by KING SIMON (@simon_23_saran) on Apr 24, 2017 at 2:50pm PDT Plus, she’s made it clear both on the show and IRL she’s trying to distance herself from her mom anyway. As for Jenelle? Her relationship with her mom is just as strained, especially as they’re still going to court over custody of 7-year-old Jace. Credit: MTV     But we can only imagine how the mom of three feels about her mother chillin’ with someone who just a few weeks ago bashed her — but we guess this is less weird than Barbara hanging out with her ex-husband, Courtland Rogers! What do you think the TM grandmas are filming? Do you think they’d be friends if they were on the same franchise? Tell us your thoughts! MBC Reality Stars: Family Edition premieres Friday, April 28 at 9 p.m. ET on WE tv and Teen Mom OG airs Mondays at 9 p.m. ET on MTV. Advertisement Advertisement Share Show Comments Advertisement Around the Web From Sites We Love Advertisement Advertisement Check out Wetpaint Video With celebrity interviews and exclusives Most Popular Chris Soules 911 Call Post-Crash Released (UPDATE)1Kim Zolciak Pens Heartfelt Message to Husband Following Son’s Surgery 2RHOA's Peter Thomas: I Pulled a Box Cutter on Matt Jordan3 OMG — Adam Lind Tests Positive for Meth!425 Celebs Who Love Game of Thrones As Much as You5Rachel’s New Bachelorette Promo Just Gave Us Chills (VIDEO)6 Advertisement Get Updated Add your email to get news about your favorite shows or celebrities Add Me! TV Reality TV Kardashians Real Housewives GoT Walking Dead Music Beyoncé Drake Justin Timberlake Kanye West Katy Perry Taylor Swift Celebrities Breakups Deaths Feuds Moms & Babies Red Carpet Emmys Grammys Oscars Video Street Challenge The Good Things: Los Angeles Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright 2017 FunctionX, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Plandai Biotechnology Gains Credibility with NutriBullet Deal /EINPresswire.com/ — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 26, 2017) – Plandaí Biotechnology (OTCQB: PLPL) expects Capital Brands, LLC, the developer, marketer, and distributor of both the wildly popular NutriBullet and NutriBullet SuperFoods, to launch its reformulated product, SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®, next month. SuperFood Fat Burning Boost® is being reformulated to include Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex. This is a landmark moment for a company like Plandaí Biotechnology that has just recently moved from solely a research and development company to focusing more on sales and marketing of its Phytofare® product. More than 40 million NutriBullet units have been sold worldwide, it’s an Amazon best seller in a number of categories and even Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William, is a big fan of NutriBullet. Capital Brands produces SuperFood formula mixes that it says is to help „give the consumer the best possible health benefits using only the best and most quality ingredients available.” The company focuses on nutrient extraction in order to deliver the most nutrients possible from food and other ingredients to increase the health of people everywhere. Capital Brands has chosen Plandaí Biotechnology’s Phytofare® as one of those quality ingredients it will deliver, and now some time next month Phytofare® is expected to be introduced to Capital Brands’ retailers (Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, JC Penny, etc.) and to shoppers who use their website (nutriliving.com) as the active ingredient in SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®. This is a deal that should immediately give Plandaí credibility. After all, Plandaí invested many years of hard work into the development of Phytofare®, and having a worldwide brand that is well-known for using „only the best and most quality ingredients” in its products, speaks loudly to just how potent Phytofare® is. Capital Brands reformulating one of its SuperFood products to include Plandaí’s Phytofare®, should also serve as confirmation for the many years of research and the human clinical trials that Plandaí conducted to prove that its product is highly bioavailable. Bioavailability is essentially the measure of how much of a drug or supplement is able to be absorbed into the bloodstream and how long it can remain there so that the body can realize its health benefits. In the case of Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex, Capital Brands obviously feels that the results will offer exactly what its customers want. A human clinical trial showed Plandaí’s product offers 10 times more bioavailability than the commercially available extract it was compared to, and the results from the clinical trial, which was conducted in South Africa by North West University, have allowed Plandaí to advertise exactly what consumers are looking for — a more potent green tea extract. Green tea’s health benefits come from the 8 catechins, a type of antioxidant, found in the leaves of the tea plant. In Plandaí’s clinical trial, all 8 of those catechins were present in the bloodstream versus only two found when participants consumed the commercial extract that was used in the clinical testing. Phytofare® also provided 5 times greater absorption of those catechins, and the clinical trial found that the life span of the catechin’s molecules in the bloodstream was doubled in Phytofare®. When consumers shop for health products, they’re looking for those that have proven themselves in clinical trials, and, in turn, can boast of higher bioavailability. Capital Brands has created a worldwide brand with that thinking in mind, and it’s no mistake that the company has landed at Plandaí’s door. The benefit to those using the Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex is that with higher bioavailability or absorption rate, the phytonutrients are in the bloodstream in greater quantities and for twice as long, and now as the company has become fully focused on sales and marketing, the credibility of this NutriBullet deal along with powerful clinical trial results, should help the company become extremely competitive in the market. About Stock Market Media Group Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles. We may from time to time include our own opinions about our featured companies, their businesses, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers and viewers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning any company are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications are provided only as an informational aid. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: http://www.sec.gov. We also recommend as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks. We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that SMMG is compensated $5,000 per month by Plandai Biotechnology for content development. Neither SMMG nor anyone associated with it owns shares in PLPL. For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Sequoia Project Celebrates Five Years with Significant Growth in Enabling Seamless, Nationwide Health Data Exchange Next PostNext Purdue Prepares Students for In-Demand Tech Jobs with Help of Rackspace OpenStack Private Cloud Search Recent Posts Sugar Sphere Market Analysis and in-Depth Research on Market Dynamics, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts to 2021 Sub Sea Bolt Tensioners Market Outlook, Geographical Segmentation, Industry Size & Share, Comprehensive Analysis to 2022 Finning to release Q1 2017 results and hold Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders on May 10, 2017 Plato Gold Reports on 2016 Year End Results New AbleGamers Center for Inclusive Play Dramatically Expands Charity’s Ability to Support Nation’s 33 Million Gamers With Disabilities Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Scarsella gets 15 years for shooting 5 at Jamar Clark protest Issues MPR News Staff · Apr 26, 2017 Allen Scarsella was convicted of shooting Black Lives Matter protesters outside the 4th Precinct. Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Updated 2:43 p.m. | Posted 2:08 p.m. Allen Scarsella, the Bloomington man convicted of shooting and wounding five men at a protest over the 2015 police killing of Jamar Clark, was sentenced Wednesday to 15 years in prison. The shooting happened Nov. 23, 2015, a little over a week after Clark was shot and killed by a Minneapolis police officer. Clark's shooting set off weeks of protests, including an extended encampment outside the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis. Scarsella, 25, testified during his trial that he was not sympathetic to the protesters, so he went to the encampment site to make fun of them and record some video. When protesters chased him away down a dark street that night, Scarsella claimed he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and fired in self-defense. • Full coverage: Jamar Clark shooting During his trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Scarsella, who is white, was motivated by racial bias to shoot the protesters, who are all black. The prosecution showed jurors a trail of racist text messages that Scarsella sent to his friends. Paramedics tend to one of the shooting victims. Christopher Juhn for MPR News file In some cases, he referred to black people as chimps; another text message mentioned shooting "black guys;" he texted his girlfriend from a Wal-Mart complaining of "smelly brown people" at the store. • Scarsella's texts: A trail of racist message to his friends Scarsella said he was joking and that the text messages were only meant to be shared with friends who knew he wasn't serious. One of his victims, however, told the court of the deep damage Scarsella had done to him. "Right now, still to this day, I can't work because of the pain ... I can't provide for my family," shooting victim Cameron Clark told Judge Hilary Caligiuri prior to the sentencing as Scarsella sat nearby in a jail-issued orange jumpsuit. Clark was shot in the leg with the bullet narrowly missing an artery. • One victim's pain: A lingering nightmare and a damaged leg • Breakdown: The case, by the numbers Defense attorney Laura Heinrich told the judge prior to sentencing that Scarsella was remorseful about the shooting. "That is something he feels deeply sorry about," she said. She pressed the court for a probationary sentence, warning that descriptions of the crime as a "racially motivated mass shooting puts Mr. Scarsella in a position where he's likely going to be targeted for violent conduct" in prison. Retribution, she said, was not the goal of sentencing. Scarsella was found guilty on a total of 12 counts, including assault with a dangerous weapon and riot. Before hearing his sentence, he told the judge Wednesday he was remorseful that he'd hurt people. "I'll live with that for the rest of my life, he said. "It's not what I wanted. I wish that it hadn't happened." Scarsella will be required to serve at least two-thirds of his 15-year sentence in prison, Caligiuri said. He was facing as many as 19 years in prison. Before the sentencing, Cameron Clark told the judge that Scarsella should have been on trial for premeditated murder. Had the roles been reversed, Clark added, and it had been him, a black man, shooting white people, the law would have come down heavier. The courtroom was packed. Before beginning the hearing, Caligiuri asked people sitting in the gallery, as well as the court staff sitting in the jury box, to refrain from making any audible reactions to any of the words spoken by anyone during the proceeding. Just before passing sentence, Caligiuri told Scarsella she was amazed that people, particularly well-educated people, "still held such repugnant ideas in this days and age." She said she didn't know if that's really what he believed or if it was just preening for an audience. "Either way, you brought a loaded gun" to the protest, she said. "I don't believe for a second you wore a mask that night because it was cold ... The only saving grace is that your shots didn't kill their targets." Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Listen: A majority of Americans find tax system unfair 2 hours ago Next Minnesota woman gets probation for supporting al-Shabab 2 hours ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 3:01 PM · Apr 26, 2017 About the author MPR News Staff • Reporter Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
South Carolina officers wound suspect who shot at them - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing College Football Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace South Carolina officers wound suspect who shot at them 2017-04-26T18:24:10Z2017-04-26T18:24:10Z COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina police officers have wounded a suspect who fired at them after shooting a man at a gasoline station. Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook said the shooting happened Wednesday about midday at a Wal-Mart parking lot. Holbrook said officers were called about someone acting erratically. He said as officers arrived, a man ran out of the store and toward a nearby gas station, where he shot and wounded a person pumping gas. Holbrook said the suspect ran toward officers, firing at them. They returned fire. Both the person pumping gasoline and the suspect are in surgery. There was no word on their conditions. Holbrook said two officers fired. The State Law Enforcement Division is investigating. They did not release the races of the officers or the wounded suspect. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 187156215 9 Food Drive Family Focus 9 School Tools Books for Kids Black Heritage 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More South Carolina officers wound suspect who shot at them Updated: Apr 26, 2017 - 2:20 PM Twtter COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina police officers have wounded a suspect who fired at them after shooting a man at a gasoline station. Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook said the shooting happened Wednesday about midday at a Wal-Mart parking lot. Holbrook said officers were called about someone acting erratically. He said as officers arrived, a man ran out of the store and toward a nearby gas station, where he shot and wounded a person pumping gas. Holbrook said the suspect ran toward officers, firing at them. They returned fire. Both the person pumping gasoline and the suspect are in surgery. There was no word on their conditions. Holbrook said two officers fired. The State Law Enforcement Division is investigating. They did not release the races of the officers or the wounded suspect. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter South Carolina officers wound suspect who shot at them Trooper ambush killer sentenced to death in Pennsylvania Carson eyes private sector as tool to offset housing cuts Arkansas prepares to conclude aggressive execution schedule United raising limit on payments to bumped flyers to $10,000 News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News Minute: Here is the latest South Carolina news from The Ass - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing College Football Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace News Minute: Here is the latest South Carolina news from The Associated Press at 1:40 a.m. EDT 2017-04-27T05:44:34Z2017-04-27T05:44:34Z COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - South Carolina police officers have wounded a suspect who fired at them after shooting a man at a gasoline station. Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook said the shooting happened Wednesday about midday at a Wal-Mart parking lot. SUMTER, S.C. (AP) - A prosecutor says he will not charge three police officers in South Carolina in the death of a man who was shot 19 times because he was holding a gun that fired at least one shot as he wrestled with an officer. Solicitor Chip Finney said Wednesday the footage of a muzzle flash on the video combined with DNA proved that 35-year-old Waltki Williams fired his gun. COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - A University of South Carolina student is suing the owner of a bar he says needlessly assaulted him during a fight over the St. Patrick's Day weekend. Daniel Wells faces a criminal assault charge. But senior engineering student Ryan Chisolm's civil lawsuit filed Wednesday seeks monetary damages for the injuries he suffered last month, including a broken jaw, nose and teeth. COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) - A bill that's supposed to fix South Carolina's crumbling roadways has been turned into a hoax on taxpayers, legislative leaders said Wednesday in criticizing a bi-partisan deal negotiated in the Senate. The amendment, approved late Tuesday, would cut income taxes, give college students a tuition tax credit, cut businesses' property taxes, and allow South Carolinians to get a rebate for extra taxes paid at the pump. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   DuPage County updated: 4/26/2017 8:00 PM Witnesses, video led to murder charge in Oak Brook tollway shooting Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO   Illinois State Police Capt. Robert Meeder, right, and DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin outline charges in an apparent road-rage shooting in Oak Brook. Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer   Justin Kmitch Follow @JustinKmitchDH     Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance technology that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon State police Capt. Robert Meeder said several drivers who said they saw the shooting pulled to the shoulder of the road Friday to talk with troopers. Several others called in tips after seeing media reports of the shooting. All those witnesses gave similar descriptions of Tillmon and the bright green safety vest or jacket he was wearing when he raised his right arm and opened fire, authorities said. That information, along with witnesses' descriptions of the tow truck Tillmon was driving, allowed police to review video from the tollway and compare it to the GPS device and I-PASS transponder in his truck. Now Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, is charged with first-degree murder and is being held on $3 million bail in DuPage County jail. He turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday and appeared Wednesday morning in DuPage bond court wearing a yellow jumpsuit and slippers. "The public has a right to travel safely on our roads, our expressways and our tollways," DuPage State's Attorney Robert Berlin said after the hearing. "Drive-by shootings not only endanger the intended victim but put many innocent motorists and passengers at great risk for bodily harm."   DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin, right, and Assistant State's Attorney Jim French speak at a Wednesday morning news conference outlining the murder charges against Anthony Tillmon of Lansing related to an apparent road-rage shooting last week in Oak Brook. - Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer Tillmon is accused of shooting Eduardo Munoz, 43, most recently of Northlake, who was driving a semitrailer truck east on I-88 during the afternoon rush hour at mile marker 138.5 near York Road. Witnesses said Tillmon, a tow-truck driver for Calumet City's Wes's Service, and Munoz both were driving aggressively and were flailing their arms at each other, authorities said. Tillmon then fired multiple shots, authorities said, hitting Munoz three times. Prosecutors said they don't know what led to the confrontation; Tillmon has not talked to police. Munoz was able to pull over and call 911. He was taken to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, where he died. "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, said during a Wednesday news conference. Prosecutors said tollway video and I-PASS records show the two trucks near each other at the time of the shooting. The tow truck's GPS device also placed the truck assigned to Tillmon at the scene. After the shooting, authorities said, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart in Lansing, where video shows him parking his truck in a remote location and his girlfriend picking him up in a red Jeep. Authorities say many witnesses pulled over on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook to report what they saw of a road rage shooting that killed a truck driver. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Assistant State's Attorney Jim French said Tillmon's girlfriend took him to her Lansing home so he could "clean up" and then dropped him off at Wes's Towing. Once there, he asked one of his co-workers to drive him back to Wal-Mart to pick up the tow truck. He drove the truck back to the company, got in his Dodge Charger, drove back to his girlfriend's house and then left in her Jeep. Berlin declined to answer questions about whether the girlfriend will face charges, saying only that the case remains under investigation. Tillmon's co-workers told authorities he was showing off a gun at work shortly before the shooting. He has no FOID card or concealed carry card. The weapon used in the shooting has not been recovered, but Berlin said authorities found a 9 mm shell casing in the tow truck as well as a green vest with Tillmon's nickname on it. A different gun was found in Tillmon's personal vehicle. "Witness descriptions of the shooter matched (Tillmon) as well as a green jacket," Berlin said. Prosecutors asked Judge Joseph Bugos to deny bail because Tillmon, if found guilty, faces between 45 years and life in prison. "If someone crosses him while he's out on bond, we're going to have another murder in DuPage County or Illinois," French said. Prosecutors said Tillmon has never been convicted of a crime. Tillmon's attorney argued the case against his client is circumstantial and there was no positive identification. He asked for $100,000 bail. If he posts the $300,300 necessary for his release, Tillmon will be ordered held to home confinement, authorities said. His next court date is May 22. Tillmon had worked for Wes's Service for 10 years as a tow-truck driver, the company's attorney, Rory McGinty, said Wednesday. The company has a strict policy against employees carrying weapons while on the job, he said. "From what I'm told, he was a good man for 10 years," McGinty said. "Came to work, did what he was supposed to do." Tillmon was on his shift at the time of the shooting, McGinty said, and it was the last time he reported to work. Now others at Wes's Service are struggling to make sense of what happened. "We don't understand what we're hearing," McGinty said. The truck driver shot on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook was able to pull over after the road rage shooting and call 911 himself. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Munoz, who friends called "Lalo," moved back and forth between Florida and Illinois and most recently was living in Northlake, according to Larry Perez, the lead pastor of U-turn Covenant Church, where Munoz attended services. A fiance, father and grandfather, Munoz drove a truck during the week and apparently was just minutes from the end of his shift when he was shot. A memorial service is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Thursday at the church, 35 E. North Ave., Northlake. A funeral service will be at 10 a.m. Friday. Related Article Police: Road rage led to fatal shooting on Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook   Related Article Florida trucker fatally shot on highway near Chicago   Related Article Truck driver dies after another driver shoots him on I-88 in Oak Brook   Tweet This article filed under: News Oak Brook Crime DuPage County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. ‘Financial CHOICE Act 2.0’ Blasted By Retailers & Lawmakers Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share ‘Financial CHOICE Act 2.0’ Blasted By Retailers & Lawmakers Image courtesy of (Aubrey Arenas) April 26, 2017 1:57 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler advocates cfpb consumer financial protection bureau consumer protections durbin amendment Financial Choices Act Financial Choices Act 2.0 financial reform Jeb Hensarling Just No Repeal retailers swipe fees The retail industry has already politely asked Congress to please not roll back financial reforms involving debit card transactions, but as lawmakers on Capitol Hill inch closer to undoing these protections, retailers are once again voicing their concerns that undoing the 2010 law will lead to higher prices and hurt small businesses. The Retail Industry Leaders Association and the Merchants Payments Coalition announced Wednesday renewed opposition against legislation that aims to roll back several provisions under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including the Durbin Amendment. Dubbed the Financial Choice Act 2.0, the 593-page legislation [PDF] introduced this week and scheduled for its first discussion by the Financial Services Committee today, is a revision of the previous Financial Choice Act introduced by bank-backed Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling last year. According to the bill’s comprehensive summary [PDF], the Act would repeal the Durbin Amendment [PDF], removing requirements that guided how much credit card networks could charge retailers for processing debit card transactions. The summary, on page 103, claims that by repealing the Durbin Amendment, Congress would bring an “end to a “misguided government experiment in price-fixing that has done consumers more harm than good.” The legislation claims that the Durbin Amendment resulted in the elimination of free checking accounts at banks and pushed consumers out of the mainstream banking system, while providing no discernible benefits to retail consumers. These are claims the retail industry disagrees with. What’s The Durbin Amendment? For those unfamiliar, the Durbin Amendment was added to the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act and was intended to lower costs to retailers and increase competition in the market — dominated by Visa and MasterCard — for processing debit card transactions. Each time a shopper uses their debit card at a checkout, the merchant pays a fee to the bank that issued that card. Prior to the reform, if merchants wanted to accept debit or credit cards issued by the card networks — Visa and MasterCard — they were required to pay the fee, which is set by the networks and non-negotiable. Under the amendment, banks with over $10 billion in assets would have to charge debit card interchange fees that are “reasonable and proportional to the actual cost” of processing the transaction. After much wrangling, these swipe fees were ultimately capped at $.21, about half of the pre-reform average. Additionally, the measure included provisions which allow retailers to refuse to use credit cards for small purchases and offer incentives for using cash or another type of card. Industry Response To Possible Repeal The retail industry claims that because of the Amendment merchants have been able to drop their prices, as they weren’t being charged the additional fees. In fact, the Merchant Payments Coalition claims that since the Amendment was approved in 2010 it has saved consumers $30 billion. The Coalition, which represents retailers, supermarkets, restaurants, drug stores, convenience stores, gas stations, online merchants and other businesses, announced Wednesday that it would meet with more than 100 members of Congress in an attempt to save the debit-card reforms. The group plans to discuss the ways in which swipe fee reform has “bolstered Main Street businesses” and allowed smaller competitors to handle debit transactions. “This competition has been good for the economy and helped people save money,” the group claims. Another industry group RILA — which counts a number of major retailers, such as Apple, Best Buy, Gap, Target, Walmart, and others, as members — urged legislators on Wednesday to remove the swipe fee provisions from the Act, declaring Wednesday that the repeal of such reforms is a “poison pill” for retailers. The group claims that the CHOICE Act would give the “largest banks and card networks a green light to charge billions in higher fees” from every business that accepts debit cards. “Repealing swipe fee reform is a billion-dollar giveaway to banks that are generating record profits and passing out record bonuses; it’s a poison pill for any bipartisan effort to enact meaningful financial reform,” Austen Jensen, Vice President of Government Affairs and Financial Services for RILA, said in a statement. If retailers are forced to pay higher fees, RILA believes those costs would be passed on to consumers. Gutting Other Reforms/Protections In addition to removing swipe fee reform, the Financial CHOICE Act 2.0 also aims to roll back several provisions under the Dodd-Frank Act and limit the CFBP’s ability to oversee the entire financial industry. Among the bill’s provisions are sections that would require the CFPB to get congressional approval before taking enforcement action against financial institutions, restrict the Bureau’s ability to write rules regulating financial companies, and revoke the agency’s authority to restrict arbitration. While each of these provisions aim to deregulate financial institutions, perhaps the most concerning is a measure that would essentially move to prevent the CFPB from having any oversight over the payday lending industry. Section 733 of the Act calls for the “removal of authority to regulate small-dollar credit.” This, of course, would prevent the agency from finalizing its nearly year-old proposed payday lending reforms aimed at reducing the likelihood of borrowers needing to take out new loans to cover old ones. The CFPB offers four protections to end debt traps: a test that companies must perform before extending credit; restrictions on rollovers; a payoff option for some products; and offering less-risky lending options. The measure would also prevent the agency from taking enforcement action against payday, auto title, or similar lenders. Additionally, the legislation would overhaul the annual stress tests the Federal Reserve uses to determine if banks have enough capital to sustain a financial crisis. Under the legislation, banks would be subject to the stress tests every other year and banks that agree to dramatically increase their capital would not have to undergo the stress test at all. The “Wrong Choice” Act Ever since rumors began swirling that Rep. Hensarling — who personally accepted at least $7.38 million from companies regulated by the CFPB, according to Allied Progress — would reintroduce the Financial CHOICE Act, consumer advocates have spoken out about the dangers of repealing protections and regulations of the financial industry. In fact, today our colleagues at Consumers Union urged lawmakers to oppose the Act that it believes will severely limit the CFPB’s ability to protect consumers and ensure they are treated fairly by banks and other financial firms. “The CHOICE Act is the wrong choice for lawmakers interested in protecting their constituents from financial scams and rip-offs,” Pamela Banks, senior policy counsel for Consumers Union, said in a statement. “This bill would render the CFPB virtually powerless and leave families vulnerable to unfair and abusive financial practices.” Since the CFPB opened its doors in 2011, it has won almost $12 billion in refunds and relief for an estimated 29 million Americans who’ve been defrauded by financial companies, CU notes. While the bill would strip the CFPB of its regulatory ability, it would completely revamp the Bureau’s structure. For instance, the Act would allow the Bureau’s director, Richard Cordray, to be fired at will, and would make the agency’s budget subject to annual congressional appropriations process, “opening it up to further attack by financial industry lobbyists and other opponents determined to undermine the agency and shrink its budget.” Other consumer advocacy groups have echoed CU’s sentiments, stating that the Financial Choice Act 2.0 is worse than the original legislation. The Center For Responsible Lending said in a statement that it believes the bill would once again expose American families to risky financial practices that contributed to the Great Recession of 2008. “This extreme legislation would put the foxes back in charge of guarding the hen house by putting big banks and predatory lenders back in charge of our economy,” Yana Miles, senior legislative counsel for CRL, said in a statement. Miles called on the Financial Services Committee to focus on protecting consumers rather than making it easier for “credit card companies, for-profit colleges, and debt collectors to swindle American families.” Similarly, Americans for Financial Reform sent a letter to members of Congress Wednesday expressing option to the Act. “This legislation would be better dubbed ‘Wall Street’s CHOICE Act,’ as it would have a devastating effect on the ability of regulators to protect consumers and investors from Wall Street exploitation and the economy from financial risks created by too-big-to-fail megabanks,” the group said. If passed, the “radical piece of legislation” would expose consumers, investors, and the public to “greatly heightened risk of abuse in their regular dealings with the financial system, and our economy as a whole to a far greater risk of instability and crisis.” Advocates aren’t alone in their distaste for the legislation. New York Rep. Carolyn Maloney, a ranking member on the House Financial Services subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment expressed her displeasure with the bill. “The Republican Financial CHOICE Act is a recipe for disaster that lays the groundwork for another financial crisis by repealing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,“ she said in a statement. Maloney added that she was hopeful the new CHOICE Act would have the same fate as Henasling’s previous version and “end up nowhere near the President’s desk.” April 26, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler advocates cfpb consumer financial protection bureau consumer protections durbin amendment Financial Choices Act Financial Choices Act 2.0 financial reform Jeb Hensarling Just No Repeal retailers swipe fees Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related keeping the rules Retailers Ask Congress To Please Not Roll Back Dodd-Frank Debit Card Reforms reaction roundup Key Players Give Their Opinions — For And Against — On GOP’s Obamacare Replacement Discounting Servicemember Protections Sketchy Retailer Caught Scamming Servicemembers With Pointless Fees on the attack Lawmakers Introduce Legislation That Would Abolish The CFPB first things first Trump Executive Order Directs Federal Agencies To Scale Back Obamacare; Could Remove Individual Mandate Previous Amazon’s ‘Echo Look’ Is A Camera That Will Let Strangers Judge Your Clothing Next Just Because Your Electric Toothbrush Makes A Lot Of Noise Doesn’t Mean It’s Effective Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Just Because Your Electric Toothbrush Makes A Lot Of Noise Doesn’t Mean It’s Effective Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Politics Tear down that 'liquor wall,' lawmakers say Liquor at grocery stores is OK with Florida lawmakers Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Gray RohrerContact ReporterTallahassee Bureau Privacy Policy TALLAHASSEE — Grocery store shoppers in Florida could soon pick up vodka with their vegetables or bourbon with their bread. The House on Wednesday passed a bill to end the post-Prohibition Era requirement that liquor be sold separately from groceries and other retail items. The bill also allows liquor to be sold in gas stations of more than 10,000 square feet. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott’s desk. His office said he would review it. The bill (SB 106) passed on a 58-57 vote and only after more than a hour of debate, reflecting its status as one of the most heavily lobbied measures this year. Big-box retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target have been pushing the bill for the past two years, but ABC Fine Wine and Spirits and independent liquor stores have fought it. Publix, which has gone to the expense of setting up separate liquor stores next to its main grocery stores because of the existing law, also is against the bill. Rep. Bryan Avila, R-Hialeah, the bill’s sponsor, said the law requiring liquor to be sold separately, known as the “liquor wall,” is a relic. “The only thing it does is it makes a law that was created in the 1930s in order to ease the sale of alcohol back into society after Prohibition --- all it does is repeal that law,” Avila said. “That law has outlived its day.” Opponents, however, argued it would allow people getting groceries to make impulse buys of hard liquor, increasing alcoholism and giving minors more access to liquor. Rep. Scott Plakon, R-Longwood, tried to amend the bill Tuesday to prevent stores from selling liquor if they hire clerks and cashiers younger than 21, but the amendment was rejected. “Let’s be honest about how we got here. The big-box stores wanted more money. Who wouldn’t?” Plakon said. Wal-Mart has given heavily to committees supporting several legislators and the majority parties, and one of its top lobbyists in Tallahassee, Michael Corcoran, is the brother of House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O’Lakes. Wal-Mart gave $50,000 to the Republican Party of Florida on March 6, the day before the start of the legislative session, and $7,500 to the Florida Democratic Party in September. It has also given $10,000 to Florida Roundtable, Corcoran’s political committee, and $204,000 to the Florida Senatorial Campaign Committee, led by Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart, since 2015. Publix and ABC, too, have donated generously to lawmakers. Publix gave $50,000 to Scott’s Let’s Get to Work political committee in January, and ABC gave $25,000 to the Florida Democratic Party during the 2016 campaign cycle. The bill doesn’t take effect until next year and will be phased in over three years. Starting July 1, 2018, retailers that sell groceries will be allowed to sell spirits in 25 percent of their stores in Florida, rising to half their stores in 2019 and 75 percent in 2020. The number of liquor licenses available will remain the same and will be issued at the county level at one per 7,500 residents. Dozens of owners and workers of independent liquor stores throughout the state watched the House debate on the bill Tuesday and Wednesday, wearing T-shirts opposing the measure. They fear the bill will allow large retailers to eat away at their market share. “A lot of us are going to go out of business,” said Mahesh Patel, owner of two liquor stores in Brevard County. Advocates for large retail chains say they are just responding to the market. Jason Unger, a lobbyist for Target, noted 31 other states don’t have the “liquor wall” requirement, and Target carries liquor in 15 of them. “For us, it was a matter of customer satisfaction and customer demand,” Unger said. Independent store owners, however, are looking at Scott’s veto pen as their last line of defense. “We would like to meet with the governor,’’ said Manish Shukla, owner of two liquor stores in Port St. Lucie. “The governor is our only hope.” grohrer@orlandosentinel.com or 850-222-5564 'Liquor wall' bill narrowly clears House committee » Caption Florida House and Senate must come to agreement on state budget The Florida House and Senate are having difficulty coming to an agreement on the state budget. The Florida House and Senate are having difficulty coming to an agreement on the state budget. Caption Liquor at grocery stores is OK with Florida lawmakers Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Liquor at grocery stores could soon be reality thanks to a bill passed by the House on Wednesday. The bill now heads to Gov. Rick Scott. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 78°
Technology Agent Marketing More Brokerage Tech Reviews Special Reports Listings MLS Mortgage Video Webinars Rentals Regulations International EVENTS View All Events Inman Connect San Francisco New York Indie Broker Summit San Francisco Hacker Connect San Francisco Luxury Connect Beverly Hills Inman Pro Market Intel More Results Hi, Log In Join Select Subscribe Share the love - Referrals Account Settings Logout Industry NewsNews Brief Why ‘Hacking Growth’ is a must-read for every entrepreneur Inman COO Morgan Brown's co-authored book on the methodology behind breakout businesses marks official launch by Inman Staff Writer Apr 25 By definition, entrepreneurs take on greater than normal financial risk to make the idea in their head a reality. But why experiment with growth when you could hack it? Just ask the likes of Airbnb, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Facebook and Uber — not to mention IBM, Walmart, and Microsoft — universally recognizable companies whose brands are permanently embedded in the American psyche. What they all have in common is the methodology laid out in the highly anticipated Hacking Growth: How Today’s Fastest-Growing Companies Drive Breakout Success, authored by Inman COO Morgan Brown and CEO and cofounder of GrowthHackers.com Sean Ellis. You can officially get your hands on your own copy of the book today. This roadmap for the aggressive upstart, determined entrepreneur and business stuck in the middle provides the practical toolkit necessary for getting out of neutral and onto the highway. Hacking Growth doesn’t leave readers in the theoretical but shows them how to remove the unknowns and replace wasteful big bets with a proof-laced plan built for speed. Eric Ries, bestselling author of The Lean Startup, said of the book: “In an increasingly erratic business landscape where new competition can emerge overnight, customers’ loyalties can shift unexpectedly, and markets are constantly being disrupted, finding growth solutions fast is crucial for survival. “Hacking Growth provides a compelling answer to this urgent need for speed, offering companies a methodology for finding and optimizing new strategies to increase their market share and quickly.” Catch Brown’s keynote address —- “Growth Hacking Your Way To Success” — with live insights from the book at Inman Connect San Francisco in August. And snag your own copy of Hacking Growth, available on Google Play, Amazon, BarnesandNoble.com and more. Comments Most Read Is Trump's tax plan good for homeowners? Nope, says NAR by Amber Taufen | Apr 26 'Another agent said he'd get me more money': 15 responses by Amber Taufen | Apr 18 Your $1 pricing mistake just cost your sellers thousands by Bernice Ross | Apr 17 9 architectural home styles (and how to spot them) by Marian McPherson | Apr 21 Special report: How to fix new-agent onboarding by Gill South | Apr 27 Back to top Share Images 2017 Influencers Contact Us Support Advertise Sponsor Contributors Code of Conduct © 2017 All Rights Reserved | Privacy | Legal Welcome back. Log in to access Inman Select. Email Password I forgot Log in Not a member? Sign Up. Forgot your password? No problem. Simply enter the email address you used to create your account and click "Reset Password". You will receive additional instructions via email. Forgot your username? If so please contact customer support at (510) 658-9252 Email Reset Password Password Reset Confirmation Password Reset Instructions have been sent to . Close Subscribe to Inman Weekly Get the week's leading headlines delivered straight to your inbox. Top headlines from around the real estate industry. Breaking news as it happens. 15 stories covering tech, special reports, video and opinion. Unique features from hacker profiles to portal watch and video interviews. Special reports on commissions, agent tech, brokerages and much more. Your Email Subscribe It looks like you're already a Select Member! To subscribe to exclusive newsletters, visit your email preferences in the account settings. Account Settings
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Health Stories» Micro Premies Might Be More Likely to Survive in 'Bio Bag' The Real Cause of Hemingway's Decline? Concussions: Psychiatrist Freedom Caucus Will Back Revised GOP Health Bill Your Favorite Hershey's Treat May Be Shrinking Soon Mom Shares Pic of Dying Son as a Plea Chili Pepper, Pot May Fix Your Ailing Stomach Dentist Offered Unusual 'Standard of Care': Investigators Got Acne? A Vaccine Could Be Coming After Decades of Work, a Malaria Vaccine Is Here Man Denied Transplant Due to Pot Use Dies at 20 The 23-Year-Old Lost His Memory. Then Came the MRI Deaths of Couple, Their Cats Baffle Cops, Worry Neighbors Health / lawsuit Go to Grid|Next Story Cherokees Sue: CVS, Walmart 'Flooded' Them With Opioids Cherokee Nation files complaint against 6 companies in tribal court over Okla. 'epidemic' By Jenn Gidman,  Newser Staff Posted Apr 26, 2017 11:50 AM CDT 37 comments Comments A CVS pharmacy is seen in Orlando, Fla., on Feb. 2, 2011.   (AP Photo/John Raoux) (Newser) – Native American communities experience some of the highest substance-abuse rates in the US: Babies are born addicted to prescription drugs due to exposure in utero, while Native American high school students take OxyContin at much higher rates than other teens, per NPR. Now the Cherokee Nation is fighting back in Oklahoma with what CBS News calls a "first-of-its-kind" suit against the US' biggest pharmacies. The complaint claims CVS, Walmart, and Walgreens, as well as the top three drug distributors, "flooded" communities in the state (home to 14 Cherokee counties) with opioids, leading to hundreds of Native American deaths. Per the suit, the firms ignored the opioid epidemic in the region and kept pumping painkillers out, with Cherokee AG Todd Hembree noting they turned a "blind eye" to federal safeguards "because their profits are much more important to them." What makes the Cherokee complaint unique isn't that it's the first against major drugmakers. A city in Washington state sued the maker of OxyContin for endangering its residents, for example, and Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen—two of the distributors named in the Cherokee suit, along with McKesson—settled a pain pill suit with West Virginia last year. NPR notes this case is different in that it's the first of its kind filed in tribal court, which could help expedite access to corporate records if the case doesn't get moved to federal court. Even though the drug manufacturers are just one piece of the drug problem, the head of the Cherokee Nation's child welfare department says the suit is a necessary step. "Somebody needs to stop letting these opioids be so readily available," she says. "It's hitting us hard." (Another issue for Native Americans: health care.)   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   3% Hilarious 16% Intriguing 10% Depressing 32% Brilliant 2% Scary 37% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 37 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Cops: Missing Woman Found in Neighbor's Inescapable Pit Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 37 comments CCXVI Apr 26, 2017 9:40 PM CDT And sue cellphone manufacturers for making people use their phones while driving and getting hurt in accidents! iq145 Apr 26, 2017 8:47 PM CDT That's not all CVS will flood you with: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/fla-man-allegedly-returned-enemas-cvs-article-1.1181642 As for Walmart: WalmartTorturesAnimals.com julianpenrod Apr 26, 2017 4:52 PM CDT Someone doesn't get prescription opioids without actively personally pursuing them. The pharmacies can have tons of opioids in them, but, if no one comes for them, they won't get them. There is a parallel here. It's similar to blacks accusing whites of “flooding” black communities with arrests, as if the blacks are powerless, doing nothing with respect to the matter, simply being there while the torrent of arrests envelopes them. Essentially, “voodoo incarceration”, jailing someone from a distance, without the individual having actually done something to bring it about! The blacks have to had done something themselves, actively pursue the arrest, in order for the arrest to occur. It looks like blacks have had success misrepresenting their presence in prison as being the fault of whites, so Indians decided to try the same scam, but to say their presence in states of addiction has nothing to do with their actions, but that whites someone forced addiction on them. View all 37 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser He Said a Fat Intruder Killed His Wife. Her Fitbit Said Otherwise 1 Erin Moran's Brother Has Message for 'Tiny' Scott Baio 2 Cops: Missing Woman Found in Neighbor's Inescapable Pit 3 Veteran Allegedly Executes Her Own Service Dog 4 United's Latest Headache Is a 3-Foot-Long One 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Graphic Video Shows Woman Executing Her Dog in the Woods and Laughing About It "Beer Yoga" Is Asia's Newest Fitness Craze Puppy Left to Die in Plastic Bin Making Rapid Recovery Canada Will Give 4,000 People Free Money for the Next 3 Years At Least 3 ISIS Fighters Have Been Killed in the Most Bizarre Way on Record He Tried to Kidnap an 11-Year-Old Girl, but She Was Tougher Than He Expected Nordstrom Is Selling Jeans Covered in Fake Mud for $425 Partner Links News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Killer Tide: ‘Warning: This Drug May Kill You’ Bronx Boy, 11, Stabs Home Invasion Suspect, Police Sources Say Trump Agrees Not To End NAFTA; Canada, Mexico Agree To Renegotiate Go to CBS Local Here’s One Way To Help Solve the Unemployment Crisis Talk Back to OZY What's the Real Value of Business Incubators? Go to Ozy Caitlyn Jenner confirms what we’ve all been wondering about her gender... A venomous snake is hiding in plain sight in the forest — does anybody see it? Erin Moran’s husband opens up about her cancer diagnosis and death in a... Go to Rare This '13 Reasons Why' Blog From Tony’s Point Of View Will Haunt You How To Make Your Room A Hangover Haven So You Can Indulge In Doing Nothing Jaime From ‘Game Of Thrones’ Reveals If He Thinks His Character Will Kill Cersei Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
Thursday, April 27, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets As government spending grows, special interest lobbyist paydays get bigger, too by Luke Rosiak | Apr 14, 2015, 5:00 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The 1300 block of K Street in northwest Washington, Thursday, Jan. 30th, 2014. (Graeme Jennings/Examiner File) Source: Congressional Budget Office, OpenSecrets.org. Lobbying has grown in direct proportion to government spending, with special interest groups consistently spending almost exactly $1 million for every billion dollars in federal expenditures. The correlation suggests that while liberal politicians portray K Street lobbyists as villains ruining Washington, it may be Big Government policies that attract them, according to a Washington Examiner analysis. The money spent on lobbying rose from $1.5 billion in 1998 to a high of $3.6 billion in 2010, during President Obama's stimulus package. During that same time period, spending grew from $1.7 trillion to $3.5 trillion. Experts said that as lawmakers have created new government programs and pumped up spending on existing programs, companies and activist groups have mobilized lobbyists to figure out how to cash in on the newfound money. "To paraphrase James Carville, drag a billion dollars through a trailer park, and there's no telling who will turn out," said Bill Allison, a lobbying expert at the Sunlight Foundation. "Lobbying is an overhead expense of Big Government — a constant." Sunlight is a nonprofit that seeks more government transparency. In some ways, it's a chicken-and-egg relationship, and a competing theory is that lobbyists are causing the government to grow. To be sure, some companies lobby to increase the federal budget in areas on which they can profit. That includes defense contractors like General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, and Boeing; government consultants like Accenture; quasi-public entities like public television stations; and healthcare firms like Emergent BioSolutions and AdvaMed. But many companies would prefer lower taxes over new government spending. If their lobbyists were successful, the result should be less government spending — in order to balance out the lower taxes — rather than the increase in government outlays, as measured by the Congressional Budget Office. Lobbying on taxes are mammoth companies like Microsoft, Wal-Mart, ExxonMobil and FedEx. Those companies may boost their lobbying presence as a reaction to government growth, which they see signaling higher taxes on the horizon. Three thousand entities hired lobbyists on federal appropriations last year, while 2,000 hired lobbyists on tax issues, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Lobbyists generally don't create demand, they sense an opportunity and respond to it, Allison said. "If I didn't think government had an interest in funding me, I wouldn't be putting the effort into lobbying it." Often that interest comes in the form of well-intentioned programs crafted by liberals from which companies almost always seem to find a way to profit. Politicians created government-backed student loans, for example, out of concern for young people. But for-profit colleges now lobby heavily for them, and depend upon the revenue that results. Soda and junk food manufacturers lobby to boost the food stamp program, and green-energy companies' business models depend on legal carve-outs. Big Government spending on defense and national security has the same effect. Creation of a new cabinet-level agency, the Department of Homeland Security, after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, set off a gold rush of lobbying, as did the heightened defense spending of the subsequent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, said Tim LaPira, a political science professor at James Madison University. Government taking on an expanded role — as it has done recently with healthcare — brings out lobbyists for both sides of an issue, as well as a crop of entities who were formerly not politically active, but now see a chance to profit. "A governmental decision to become involved in an issue area sets the agenda for existing and potential organized interests," LaPira and colleagues wrote in an academic paper titled "Drawing lobbyists to Washington." "If government had no authority over or involvement in an issue-area, then there would be little point in forming an interest group to lobby," LaPira and colleagues wrote. Demian Brady of the National Taxpayers Union noted that, while lobbying parallels federal spending, it doesn't match up so smoothly with federal revenues. "New federal programs create new constituencies who then lobby not only for additional benefits but to protect what they've already been granted," he said. "The benefits to the constituents of a given program are concentrated, while the costs of those programs are diffused, so that those people with the benefits have a much greater incentive to lobby on behalf of themselves than" taxpayers do to keep costs down. Spending Accountability Luke Rosiak Lobbying Taxes Watchdog Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 6 hours ago Democrats bash White House briefing: 'Nothing you couldn't read in the newspaper' 3 hours ago Bernie Sanders rallies anti-Trump protesters with climate bill 8 hours ago Housing industry pans Trump tax plan 8 hours ago Grade-A Trump: In a one-on-one interview with the Examiner, President Trump passes judgment on his first 100 days 3 hours ago C'mon centrists, fish or cut Obamacare 8 hours ago Canada looks to ban US coal shipments 8 hours ago What the United Airlines debacle can teach us about healthcare 9 hours ago White House warns Senate of 'extremely dangerous situation' in North Korea 10 hours ago GOP moves bill letting companies offer paid time off instead of overtime pay 10 hours ago AFL-CIO says North Dakota is the most dangerous state for workers 10 hours ago Does Trump's tax reform plan fulfill his campaign promises? 11 hours ago Suspended judge Roy Moore to challenge Luther Strange in Alabama Senate primary 12 hours ago White House tax plan: Lowers rates, attacks blue states, cuts tons of breaks 13 hours ago Ann Coulter pulls out of Berkeley speech 14 hours ago Congress, Supreme Court to lose VIP parking perk at Reagan National Airport 16 hours ago Why the FCC is off to a great start in Trump's first 100 days About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Woman accused of telling Walmart a bomb would go off at noon Print Email Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com By Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 26, 2017 at 12:32 PM, updated April 26, 2017 at 3:38 PM comments A woman accused of calling in a bomb threat Wednesday morning to the Walmart at Shrewsbury Commons is in custody, state police in York said. Christian Alexandersen | calexandersen@pennlive.com  The threat was found to be "non-credible," state police in York said. The store was evacuated after the 8:52 a.m. threat was called into the store saying a bomb was going to off at noon. State police brought in three bomb dogs from state Capitol police and the Dauphin County sheriff's office to search the building. The female suspect was identified at 10:29 a.m. and taken into custody, police said. Her name was not provided by police, and the investigation continues. A bomb threat was also called into the Schuylkill County 911 Center at 9:521 a.m. Wednesday saying a bomb would go off at Environmental Stoneworks on Pheasant Run Road in West Brunswick Township, state police said. The person claimed to have put a bomb inside the building. State police K9 unit searched the building and nothing was found. Man who took woman out of mental health facility was a 'Don Quixote,' said his dad Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group PennLive The Patriot-News Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 13 big businesses urge Trump to stay in Paris deal By Afp Published: 13:06 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 13:06 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail Big businesses say they want to help the transition to clean energy. Pictured here is an unused coal mine in Black Mountain, Virginia. Thirteen big businesses, including oil giant Shell and retailer Walmart, on Wednesday urged US President Donald Trump to keep the United States in the Paris Agreement on climate change. The deal signed by more than 190 countries in 2015 called for lower emissions to ease the threat of global warming. "As businesses concerned with the well-being of our customers, our investors, our communities, and our suppliers, we are strengthening our climate resilience, and we are investing in renewables, efficiency, nuclear, biofuels, carbon capture, sequestration, and other innovative technologies that can help achieve a clean energy transition," said the letter, published online by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. "For this transition to succeed, however, governments must lead as well," it added. "US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response. We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." The letter was signed by oil giants BP and Shell and technology powerhouses Google, Intel and Microsoft. Other signatories included Dupont, General Mills, National Grid, Novartis, the utility giant PG and E, Schneider Electric, Unilever and Walmart. Trump promised during his campaign to cancel US participation in the Paris climate agreement, but has since said he had "an open mind" on the matter. Oil giant ExxonMobil has previously called for the United States to stay in the Paris accord. ExxonMobil's former chief executive, Rex Tillerson, now US Secretary of State, has also spoken in favor of the United States staying at the table. On Tuesday, Energy Secretary Rick Perry said he believes Trump should remain part of the deal, but renegotiate it. The White House has said it will announce a decision next month. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico Another pool look 'Photoshop, Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants PICTURED: Cheryl puts the lavish home she shared with ex-husband on the market for £5million as she focuses on new life with Liam Payne 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' Will amicably co-parent their newborn son Eissa Kate Wright shares a very busty throwback from recent trip to Ibiza... after QUITTING The Only Way Is Essex as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her birthday Ferne McCann talks childbirth during cameo on The Mummy Diaries... filmed BEFORE she revealed she was pregnant by her acid attack suspect ex Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico It's a cover up Bikini-clad Amber Turner puts on a sizzling display alongside a glam Megan McKenna to film for TOWIE's series finale... as fans call for her to be SACKED Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Due date is approaching Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour Their year-old daughter Luna is coming! Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Missing out on girls' trip Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes behind in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights with daughter Madison 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit Reminiscent of the ones worn on iconic 90's show Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Racy Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere An elegant pure white outfit Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Rising star! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK 'Have you lost weight?' Fans share their concern as Megan McKenna posts snap of her notably slender body ahead of TOWIE pool party 'I was made to feel like a cheap whore': Ashley James reveals she changed her racy top at fashion event after cab driver took a picture of her breasts Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price The 48-year-old singer had slashed the price Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical  Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave White House party because all she could do was cry  Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Daisy Lowe makes a statement with a bold red lip at London launch... as Claudia Winkleman flaunts her ample assets in a plunging black dress What would the Neighbours say? Jodi Anasta and Olympia Valance STRIP DOWN to sheer bras and stockings in sultry photo shoot 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots A pop of pink! Crown Princess Mary clutches a colourful bouquet of BALLOON flowers as she tours a hospital for seriously sick children Visiting children TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in sexy cut-out swimwear as she enjoys ice cream and a passionate kiss with beau James Lock at finale wrap party 'They're keen to keep it quiet': Amber Dowding and Chris Clark are officially dating again... as TOWIE fans turn on him following his split with Jesy Nelson Such a ladies van! Brooklyn Beckham flaunts his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover to female companions as he heads for a ride in London 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing her late dad'S legacy Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party Trying the blonde bombshell look Lily Collins rocks leather pants and red lips for WE Day cocktail party Golden Globe nominee gave a talk at the Inglewood Forum Steph Davis ups the glam in skin-tight leggings and sky-high heels as she takes son for a stroll... after confirming she's back together with Jeremy  'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Married to physician Jason Wimberly Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in terror attack just a month ago Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot Hitting the beach 'She's an attention-seeker!' Chloe Sims continues to vent fury over Megan McKenna as she brands her 'fake' over closeness to ex Pete Wicks on TOWIE The Only Way is... back! Lauren Pope is set to make explosive return to TOWIE after two year break... and reveals she had a fling with Dan Edgar PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-list couple put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion complete with servants' quarters 'Perspective is a b****': Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid un-airbrushed bikini furore PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in LA One-on-one time Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London She sheer is the main attraction! Busty Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in mesh detail top at underwear launch in London All eyes were on her Lucy Mecklenburgh looks sensational as she flaunts her sun-kissed skin and gym-honed figure in a demure peplum dress for Boux Avenue launch Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York Needed to stand out from the crowd Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Magic Mike hunk  'It was an "us or them" situation': Spice Girls talent show to find two new stars has been AXED 'after Victoria Beckham and Mel C refused to be replaced'  Made In Chelsea newcomer Daisy Robins reveals she 'spent the night' with Lewis Bloor... after kissing snap that saw him make a dig at his ex Marnie Simpson Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party With his girls EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Rubbernecking gatecrashers will be denied access to Pippa's wedding  Not a public wedding SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: My £31,000 diamond and gold watch, by Redgrave: Actress says it is one of 'my favourite things' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: No chance of Harry's ex getting camera shy! Picture of Chelsy Davy in a bikini is posted by hotel heiress She knows how to make a splash! Sam Faiers sizzles in a busty bikini as she spends the day at Legoland in Dubai with baby son Paul TOWIE's Courtney Green displays her VERY ample cleavage in perilously plunging swimwear and semi-sheer sarong for finale pool party 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Love Island's Tina Stinnes looks set to cause havoc for Jamie and Frankie in EXPLOSIVE Made In Chelsea episode... after slamming the show Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini Seeing double! Megan McKenna and Amber Dowding slip into skimpy swimsuits as they get to work on the set of TOWIE series finale  Amber Heard says she's 'missing' pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with boyfriend Elon Musk following dog smuggling drama with ex Johnny Depp 'Why can't they say chorizo properly?': MasterChef viewers slam professional cook for his pronunciation of the Spanish sausage (so how DO you say it?) Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual as he enjoys family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver Curvy Kelly Brook is the perfect hourglass in a sophisticated off-the-shoulder dress for food launch Looked glamorous at London's Tower Bridge 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Personal struggles Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Returned to her Manhattan apartment  Tallia Storm looks devilishly sexy in lacy bralette and chic bomber jacket as she flaunts her abs at London art exhibition Looking good Make-up free Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is beams while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26... as he toys with quitting acting Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Lucy Mecklenburgh oozes confidence in TINY string bikini as she flaunts slim figure for racy Instagram... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Toned physique Katie Price shocks viewers as she says the N-word TWICE on live TV while discussing the online bullying her son Harvey has faced Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Been sober for the past 18 months Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Awkward...  X Factor's Craig Colton looks downcast as he's spotted for first time since horrifying homophobic knife attack at his home Vicious knife attack 'When I was bigger I had to depend on humour': Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt reveals larger frame created more job opportunities 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honoured by the King of Spain Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot Showed plenty of skin despite the clouds 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Looking back 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga Happy as they are Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Not happy From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC American Horror Story co-stars Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) With 20 plus tattoos, there is not much room Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set Working hard Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Enjoyed a day out with his family Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks white dress and trench... after ex Kris Jenner wore near identical outfit a year ago Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Kill-ian Murphy! Peaky Blinders actor Cillian is back to his violent ways as Tommy Shelby as he and co-star Adrien Brody brandish guns on the set of the hit show Suited and booted! Lily James teams her post-WWII costume with UGG BOOTS as she takes a break on the set of drama flick Guernsey Dressed in character They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Directorial debut Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since accidentally revealing she was expecting Foot-Loose Women! TV hosts are put through their paces as they perform one of Steps' classic routines during impromptu dance-off with band WhatsApp-ening here? Pregnant Danielle Lloyd sneaks a peek at fiancé Michael O'Neill's phone as she goes make-up free in snakeskin print tracksuit for stroll Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Yanked from the NBC schedule Johnny Depp slams ex managers for blaming $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Posted on Facebook That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years after painful divorce sidelined her New music this summer 'Stressed' BGT's George Sampson, reveals he's getting a £9k hair transplant after dance moves caused severe balding 'It was like therapy': Coronation Street's Jane Danson admits moving Michelle Connor stillbirth storyline helped her come to terms with losing her own baby My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in Snapchat video Very cute Ready to take the next step! Vicky Pattison and beau John Noble share steamy smooch as they hunt for their first home together in Newcastle Happy couple Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Had lunch with a friend Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between Couldn't keep the smile off her face What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in skin-tight sportswear as she hits the gym following family trip It was business as usual for Coleen Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Blonde bombshell Baby brain? Alex Jones showcases her sleek post-baby figure as she leaves The One Show ... after making embarrassing blunder on air with Chris Pratt Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami Discussed various cultural concerns Hilaria Baldwin recalls watching husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) A significant age difference 'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Held the bottom of her growing bump Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  Security scare 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post about family Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  The reality TV star had cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumoured new love interest Travis look very cosy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Namaste like this for the picture: Flexy Pixie Lott slips into a teeny polka dot bikini as she contorts her body for early morning yoga in flashback snap Contestant on The Chase FAILS in her bid to win £4,000 to 'date' Micheal Bolton - but Bradley Walsh still makes the superfan's dream come true The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Fund dead on Sunday  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife already have three daughters... but a fourth could be on the horizon Enjoying retirement A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Serena Williams reveals she announced her pregnancy on social media by ACCIDENT as she opens up about why she fell for geek fiancee Off-duty Jennifer Lawrence transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side  She's so Kardashian! Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing On Snapchat 'There are darker times to come': Corrie's Chris Harper hints Bethany Platt will be raped again as he reveals storyline has had 'brilliant' reaction A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with actress Natalie Morales' Not to be confused with TV host of same name Gold and Silv-stedt! Socialite Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NY Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... three years after suing singer for egging their home Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley poses with their children for special reunion photo shoot Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door Chelsea Clinton receives award for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  Blue is the colour! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Maria Sharapova returns to training ahead of Stuttgart comeback and will find out if she can compete at the French Open next month Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle Happy chappy! Hunky American actor Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in a Gold Coast bar The hunky American actor is currently filming 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   DuPage County updated: 4/26/2017 8:00 PM Witnesses, video led to murder charge in Oak Brook tollway shooting Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO   Illinois State Police Capt. Robert Meeder, right, and DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin outline charges in an apparent road-rage shooting in Oak Brook. Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer   Justin Kmitch Follow @JustinKmitchDH     Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance technology that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon State police Capt. Robert Meeder said several drivers who said they saw the shooting pulled to the shoulder of the road Friday to talk with troopers. Several others called in tips after seeing media reports of the shooting. All those witnesses gave similar descriptions of Tillmon and the bright green safety vest or jacket he was wearing when he raised his right arm and opened fire, authorities said. That information, along with witnesses' descriptions of the tow truck Tillmon was driving, allowed police to review video from the tollway and compare it to the GPS device and I-PASS transponder in his truck. Now Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, is charged with first-degree murder and is being held on $3 million bail in DuPage County jail. He turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday and appeared Wednesday morning in DuPage bond court wearing a yellow jumpsuit and slippers. "The public has a right to travel safely on our roads, our expressways and our tollways," DuPage State's Attorney Robert Berlin said after the hearing. "Drive-by shootings not only endanger the intended victim but put many innocent motorists and passengers at great risk for bodily harm."   DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin, right, and Assistant State's Attorney Jim French speak at a Wednesday morning news conference outlining the murder charges against Anthony Tillmon of Lansing related to an apparent road-rage shooting last week in Oak Brook. - Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer Tillmon is accused of shooting Eduardo Munoz, 43, most recently of Northlake, who was driving a semitrailer truck east on I-88 during the afternoon rush hour at mile marker 138.5 near York Road. Witnesses said Tillmon, a tow-truck driver for Calumet City's Wes's Service, and Munoz both were driving aggressively and were flailing their arms at each other, authorities said. Tillmon then fired multiple shots, authorities said, hitting Munoz three times. Prosecutors said they don't know what led to the confrontation; Tillmon has not talked to police. Munoz was able to pull over and call 911. He was taken to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, where he died. "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, said during a Wednesday news conference. Prosecutors said tollway video and I-PASS records show the two trucks near each other at the time of the shooting. The tow truck's GPS device also placed the truck assigned to Tillmon at the scene. After the shooting, authorities said, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart in Lansing, where video shows him parking his truck in a remote location and his girlfriend picking him up in a red Jeep. Authorities say many witnesses pulled over on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook to report what they saw of a road rage shooting that killed a truck driver. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Assistant State's Attorney Jim French said Tillmon's girlfriend took him to her Lansing home so he could "clean up" and then dropped him off at Wes's Towing. Once there, he asked one of his co-workers to drive him back to Wal-Mart to pick up the tow truck. He drove the truck back to the company, got in his Dodge Charger, drove back to his girlfriend's house and then left in her Jeep. Berlin declined to answer questions about whether the girlfriend will face charges, saying only that the case remains under investigation. Tillmon's co-workers told authorities he was showing off a gun at work shortly before the shooting. He has no FOID card or concealed carry card. The weapon used in the shooting has not been recovered, but Berlin said authorities found a 9 mm shell casing in the tow truck as well as a green vest with Tillmon's nickname on it. A different gun was found in Tillmon's personal vehicle. "Witness descriptions of the shooter matched (Tillmon) as well as a green jacket," Berlin said. Prosecutors asked Judge Joseph Bugos to deny bail because Tillmon, if found guilty, faces between 45 years and life in prison. "If someone crosses him while he's out on bond, we're going to have another murder in DuPage County or Illinois," French said. Prosecutors said Tillmon has never been convicted of a crime. Tillmon's attorney argued the case against his client is circumstantial and there was no positive identification. He asked for $100,000 bail. If he posts the $300,300 necessary for his release, Tillmon will be ordered held to home confinement, authorities said. His next court date is May 22. Tillmon had worked for Wes's Service for 10 years as a tow-truck driver, the company's attorney, Rory McGinty, said Wednesday. The company has a strict policy against employees carrying weapons while on the job, he said. "From what I'm told, he was a good man for 10 years," McGinty said. "Came to work, did what he was supposed to do." Tillmon was on his shift at the time of the shooting, McGinty said, and it was the last time he reported to work. Now others at Wes's Service are struggling to make sense of what happened. "We don't understand what we're hearing," McGinty said. The truck driver shot on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook was able to pull over after the road rage shooting and call 911 himself. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Munoz, who friends called "Lalo," moved back and forth between Florida and Illinois and most recently was living in Northlake, according to Larry Perez, the lead pastor of U-turn Covenant Church, where Munoz attended services. A fiance, father and grandfather, Munoz drove a truck during the week and apparently was just minutes from the end of his shift when he was shot. A memorial service is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Thursday at the church, 35 E. North Ave., Northlake. A funeral service will be at 10 a.m. Friday. Related Article Police: Road rage led to fatal shooting on Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook   Related Article Florida trucker fatally shot on highway near Chicago   Related Article Truck driver dies after another driver shoots him on I-88 in Oak Brook   Tweet This article filed under: News Oak Brook Crime DuPage County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Interop ITX Breaks 30+ Year Event Structure to Support Evolving IT Landscape with New 2017 Conference Programming Adds new initiatives and a broader range of topics to better prepare today's IT managers SAN FRANCISCO, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Interop ITX, the independent conference for tech leaders, is revealing brand new program elements for its revamped event returning to Las Vegas next month. Along with its new name and location, Interop ITX will offer broader programming surrounding modern trends and topics such as artificial intelligence (AI) and security, ensuring attendees and today's IT leaders are armed for the industry's constant change. The event is expanding beyond its strong networking and infrastructure history to deliver compelling and thought-provoking content valuable to those navigating through an evolving IT landscape. Interop ITX will take place May 15-19, 2017 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, NV. For more information and to take advantage of pre-conference pricing, please visit: interop.com New to Interop ITX: Review Board Interop ITX's first-ever Review Board is a true reflection of the IT community – comprised of seasoned speakers, attendees and independent industry experts. The Review Board has worked in tandem with the InformationWeek editorial team to build a valuable conference program more empirically selected than ever before. Members include: Sean Roberts, Director Technical Program Management, Walmart Labs, Jayne Groll, Co-founder & CEO, DevOps Institute. Ken Griffin, Dir. IT Operations and Services, Harvard Business Publishing and more. Tracks  All content has been organized into six new tracks, reflective of key industry trends: Infrastructure, Security, Cloud, Data Management, DevOps and Leadership & Professional Development Business Hall The traditional expo has evolved into a Business Hall that specifically addresses the needs of start-ups and small-medium size businesses and gives attendees the opportunity to compare, test, and experience the industry's latest solutions firsthand. This new structure will allow for a more even playing field and bring smaller innovative companies to the forefront, allowing them to have a greater presence at Interop ITX and make connections that will help them transform their businesses. Girls Who Code Interop ITX has partnered with Girls Who Code, a national non-profit closing the gender gap in technology, to raise donations for the support and future strength of its community. Interop ITX will match every dollar raised up to $5,000 through its donation program. AI Theater & Demo Showcase – sponsored by Samsung Case studies will be presented by businesses employing successful (AI) strategies and will provide strategic guidance and suggestions for attendees to utilize in their respective businesses. Accompanying the AI Theater is the Demo Showcase, which provides a hands-on lab demonstrating real-world AI technologies. Lightning Talks In conjunction with its Keynote program, Interop ITX will introduce its new lightning talks where each speaker will give a 5-minute presentation to be followed by a larger panel discussion. Speakers will include Janine Gianfredi, former Chief Marketing Officer of the United States Digital Service and Ed McLaughlin, Chief Information Officer, Mastercard and more. To learn more about this year's keynotes as well as view the current 2017 program lineup, visit:  interop.com/keynotes Register for Interop ITX here: interopitx.com  Apply for an Interop ITX Media Pass here: interop.com Follow Interop ITX Twitter: @interop   Facebook: facebook.com/InteropITX  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/groups/53959  About Interop ITX Interop ITX is the industry's most trusted independent Conference focused on Full Stack IT education for technology leaders. The event continues the 30 years Interop has dedicated to providing IT decision makers with a trusted environment to learn, collaborate and uncover new strategies and solutions they need to lead their teams and their businesses through constant change and disruption. Employed by a Conference-first model, Interop ITX offers both breadth and depth of content to a broad IT audience across core areas: Infrastructure, Security, Cloud, Data & Analytics, DevOps, and Leadership & Professional Development. For more information, visit interopitx.com. Interop ITX is organized by UBM plc. UBM is the largest pure-play B2B Events organizer in the world. Our 3,750+ people, based in more than 20 countries, serve more than 50 different sectors. Our deep knowledge and passion for these sectors allow us to create valuable experiences which enable our customers to succeed. Please visit www.ubm.com for the latest news and information about UBM.    SOURCE Interop ITX CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, High Tech Security, Networks, New Products/Services, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Discloses Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Next PostNext Consumer Oxygen Equipment: Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Criminal Victimization, 2015 Tracheotomy Tube Market – Global Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast – 2022 2018 Toyota Yaris Hatchback Adds Sporty Styling Enhancements and Convenience Features at Value Pricing Bone Sonometer Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Braidy Industries Inc. vor der Investition von 1,3 Milliarden US-Dollar für den Bau eines Aluminiumwalzwerks in den Vereinigten Staaten für die Produktion der kostengünstigsten Fahrzeugkarosseriebleche… Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Interop ITX Breaks 30+ Year Event Structure to Support Evolving IT Landscape with New 2017 Conference Programming SAN FRANCISCO, April 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today, Interop ITX, the independent conference for tech leaders, is revealing brand new program elements for its revamped event returning to Las Vegas next month. Along with its new name and location, Interop ITX will offer broader programming surrounding modern trends and topics such as artificial intelligence (AI) and security, ensuring attendees and today’s IT leaders are armed for the industry’s constant change. The event is expanding beyond its strong networking and infrastructure history to deliver compelling and thought-provoking content valuable to those navigating through an evolving IT landscape. Interop ITX will take place May 15-19, 2017 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, NV. For more information and to take advantage of pre-conference pricing, please visit: interop.com New to Interop ITX: Review Board Interop ITX’s first-ever Review Board is a true reflection of the IT community – comprised of seasoned speakers, attendees and independent industry experts. The Review Board has worked in tandem with the InformationWeek editorial team to build a valuable conference program more empirically selected than ever before. Members include: Sean Roberts, Director Technical Program Management, Walmart Labs, Jayne Groll, Co-founder & CEO, DevOps Institute. Ken Griffin, Dir. IT Operations and Services, Harvard Business Publishing and more. Tracks  All content has been organized into six new tracks, reflective of key industry trends: Infrastructure, Security, Cloud, Data Management, DevOps and Leadership & Professional Development Business Hall The traditional expo has evolved into a Business Hall that specifically addresses the needs of start-ups and small-medium size businesses and gives attendees the opportunity to compare, test, and experience the industry’s latest solutions firsthand. This new structure will allow for a more even playing field and bring smaller innovative companies to the forefront, allowing them to have a greater presence at Interop ITX and make connections that will help them transform their businesses. Girls Who Code Interop ITX has partnered with Girls Who Code, a national non-profit closing the gender gap in technology, to raise donations for the support and future strength of its community. Interop ITX will match every dollar raised up to $5,000 through its donation program. AI Theater & Demo Showcase – sponsored by Samsung Case studies will be presented by businesses employing successful (AI) strategies and will provide strategic guidance and suggestions for attendees to utilize in their respective businesses. Accompanying the AI Theater is the Demo Showcase, which provides a hands-on lab demonstrating real-world AI technologies. Lightning Talks In conjunction with its Keynote program, Interop ITX will introduce its new lightning talks where each speaker will give a 5-minute presentation to be followed by a larger panel discussion. Speakers will include Janine Gianfredi, former Chief Marketing Officer of the United States Digital Service and Ed McLaughlin, Chief Information Officer, Mastercard and more. To learn more about this year’s keynotes as well as view the current 2017 program lineup, visit:  interop.com/keynotes Register for Interop ITX here: interopitx.com  Apply for an Interop ITX Media Pass here: interop.com Follow Interop ITX Twitter: @interop   Facebook: facebook.com/InteropITX  LinkedIn: linkedin.com/groups/53959  About Interop ITX Interop ITX is the industry’s most trusted independent Conference focused on Full Stack IT education for technology leaders. The event continues the 30 years Interop has dedicated to providing IT decision makers with a trusted environment to learn, collaborate and uncover new strategies and solutions they need to lead their teams and their businesses through constant change and disruption. Employed by a Conference-first model, Interop ITX offers both breadth and depth of content to a broad IT audience across core areas: Infrastructure, Security, Cloud, Data & Analytics, DevOps, and Leadership & Professional Development. For more information, visit interopitx.com. Interop ITX is organized by UBM plc. UBM is the largest pure-play B2B Events organizer in the world. Our 3,750+ people, based in more than 20 countries, serve more than 50 different sectors. Our deep knowledge and passion for these sectors allow us to create valuable experiences which enable our customers to succeed. Please visit www.ubm.com for the latest news and information about UBM.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/interop-itx-breaks-30-year-event-structure-to-support-evolving-it-landscape-with-new-2017-conference-programming-300446065.html SOURCE Interop ITX Related Links http://www.interopitx.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NETSUITE UNVEILS MAJOR GLOBAL ERP ENHANCEMENTS Next PostNext BambooHR Launches Public Apps Marketplace for Customers and ISV Partner Program for Third-Party Developers Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Health official: Sense of duty drove crawfish crackdown Health officials speak out on Mobile crawfish controversy Print Email Lawrence Specker | lspecker@al.com By Lawrence Specker | lspecker@al.com Press-Register Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 26, 2017 at 11:16 AM, updated April 26, 2017 at 11:30 AM comments The Mobile County Health Department finally came out of its shell Tuesday on a long-boiling crawfish controversy, just as a bill being considered by the state legislature threatens to add a heap of fresh spice to the mix. In the year or so since it took a stance against the informal crawfish boils traditionally offered by some local bars, statements from the Mobile County Health Department (MCHD) have ranged from blandly bureaucratic to downright cryptic. But at Tuesday's meeting of the Mobile City Council, a department representative spoke at some length about the principles behind the MCHD's actions. "It is our duty and responsibility to protect the community even when the community doesn't want to be protected," said Stephanie Woods Crawford, bureau director of environmental health and preparedness for the MCHD. "It is our duty to enforce the code as it is written by FDA and the state." Mobile has long had a loose crawfish tradition under which some bars have offered free, freshly-cooked crawfish to patrons during the spring months. In 2016 and again in 2017, the MCHD asserted that these events run contrary to health regulations. Partial compromise in 2016 and further negotiation in 2017 have left many former participants either convinced that they can't hold the boils anymore, or so confused about the legalities that they're afraid to proceed. On Tuesday, Crawford was accompanied by Brad Philips, the department's director of inspection services, who did not speak. Crawford described how the dispute began, from the MCHD's viewpoint: "It is important to understand that the bars in question do not have the proper facilities to cook inside or outside of their establishments," Crawford said. "Our office received a complaint about the bars cooking crawfish, and our inspectors did their duty by going out and following up on the complaint." She did not mention that the complaint had come via email from a member of Mayor Sandy Stimpson's executive staff, Matt Anderson, who had relayed details of a complaint from a local restaurant owner upset by the "considerable, unsanitary mess" left by a sidewalk boil. The health department took action in early May 2016, but it was early June before the involvement of Stimpson's office was revealed by an AL.com records request. Stimpson has since expressed hope for an amicable resolution. On Tuesday, Crawford went on to say that when responding to that initial complaint, inspectors "discovered that the bars did not have the proper facilities to cook the crawfish, nor dispose of the wastewater from the boil. And there were cut potatoes and sausages within Walmart bags, shopping bags, which the bar employees stated that they had cut the potatoes and the sausages and placed them in the bags at their home. It is extremely important to understand that Walmart grocery bags and plastic store bags have different chemicals and pesticides within them." Crawford said that such departures from acceptable food-handling procedures required action. "If you have ever had or experienced a food-borne illness, then you understand the concerns and our duty to protect our community," she told the council. Crawford went on to say that as the dispute unfolded in 2016, the department had encouraged bars to apply for variances, but that didn't bear fruit. And in the meantime, the MCHD's hands had been tied by a change in the law. "A year passed, and on the day that one of the bar owners decided to cook crawfish again outside, I received an email with a outline of his recipe - which is not the processes and procedures of how that food will be handled," Crawford said. "I informed him that the state had adopted the FDA's 2013 food code, and that the state had removed our ability, locally, to grant variances by a local health officer or our board. We are no longer allowed to grant any specific variance as it refers to food and food-related issues." Crawford said that a poll of downtown restaurants showed that most didn't like bars having an exemption from food handling and permitting rules. She suggested that possible alternatives to the sidewalk crawfish boils included the use of cooked crawfish purchased from other businesses, or special events such as cook-offs held in central locations. "As citizens of this community, we are not against the traditions or the culture which is unique to Mobile," Crawford said. "We want all businesses to be successful and to thrive. It is not our intent to close or shut down any of the establishments. But we do want to ensure that the health of this great community is protected as our mission states." District 2 Councilman Levon Manzie, who has embraced the slogan "free the crawfish," said he was happy to hear about the outreach efforts the MCHD. "This has been a quite contentious issue over the last two or three months in the downtown area," he said. Councilwoman Bess Rich asked if the MCHD was aware of state legislation proposed by Rep. Margie Wilcox. Crawford said Mobile County's health officer, Dr. Bernard Eichold, had spoken with Wilcox, and indicated the department was preparing a statement. That proposed legislation, HB 462, was due to be considered Wednesday afternoon by the House Committee on State Government. If it becomes law, the bill would prohibit the Alabama Department of Public Health and county health departments "from regulating food preparation and distribution by an intermittent food service establishment that otherwise does not prepare, sell, or distribute food on a regular basis or in its regular line of business when that establishment prepares or distributes food in association with a regional celebration or tradition." Among the bill's clauses is a provision that health departments may still respond to complaints if people become sick as a result of food from such an event. It also specifies that such events must feature a prominent notice that the venue does not have a food permit and that "the consumption of any food at this location is at the consumer's own risk." The proposed law says that applicable events include "crawfish boils, shrimp boils, fish frys, or events recognized by the resolution of a county commission or city council as a localized food event." Best restaurant in each Alabama county ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Online Marketing Truth or Dare By James Norrie and Jefrey Woodall - 1 minute ago Array 0 Mobile Ad Revenue Surpasses TV and Desktop for the First Time By George Slefo - 24 minutes ago Array 0 Why Can't Facebook Fix Itself? By Simon Dumenco - 37 minutes ago Array 0 Twitter Surprises by Adding New Users, but Now It's Got Another Problem 48 minutes ago Array 0 Q1 at WPP: Expect Growth, Brexit Talk and Sorrell's Opinions on Everything By Emma Hall - 1 hour ago Array 0 Why Can't Facebook Fix Itself? By Simon Dumenco - 37 minutes ago 0 Twitter Surprises by Adding New Users, but Now It's Got Another Problem 48 minutes ago 0 George Clooney Goes on a Road Trip Through Hollywood History for Nespresso By Ann-Christine Diaz - 41 minutes ago 0 HP Continues Diversity Push With Promise to Fight Bias in Its Hiring By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 5 hours ago 0 Ad Trade Groups Unusually Quiet on Push to Force Language in Lawyers' Advertising By Jack Neff - 5 hours ago 0 Slammed on Twitter, Shea Moisture Pulls Ad Seen as Moving Brand Away From Black Women By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Dana Anderson Leaves Mondelez in Marketer's Biggest Executive Shakeup Yet By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 General Mills Creative Chief Michael Fanuele Steps Down By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 GSK's Speichert: Marketers Are Missing Digital Fundamentals By Jack Neff - 2 days ago 0 Google Sees Another Chance to Get Programmatic TV Right By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. DigitalNext Online Marketing Truth or Dare By James Norrie, Jefrey Woodall. Published on April 26, 2017. Every large online platform should be working feverishly to develop reliable, accurate content filters, the authors argue. Credit: iStock Most Popular The world of online marketing now resembles a tremendous game of advertising truth or dare. For a long time, marketers took the dare, by purchasing ads without knowing where their ad would run or why it would run there. The dare then: risk sitting out online advertising or jump in while your brand had no real control over where and when your ads ran. The result was often calamitous: a company's ads ran on sites that presented entirely inappropriate content, sometimes bordering on criminal hate speech that were absolutely not where advertisers hoped their ads would land. Now we are entering the truth phase of the game. In recent weeks, major marketers pulled advertising from Google sites, including YouTube. Companies leading the exodus include Johnson & Johnson, Walmart, Verizon, AT&T, General Motors, Pepsico and FX Networks. Others, such as Procter & Gamble, have been threatening to pull digital advertising dollars for several months before that because of concerns about costs versus benefits. As the public outrage rose from a whisper to a din, advertising on these mammoth digital platforms began to fall noticeably. A mess in the making How did we even get into this mess? By failing to update our practices for changing technologies. We cannot continue to treat online advertising the same as television advertising. They are fundamentally different. Purchasing TV ads in packages works because TV content is curated. The worst that can happen is that your ad airs while no one is watching. Related Stories World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? But that strategy -- or lack thereof -- doesn't work amid the online free-for-all of amateur self-expression. Online, it no longer behooves companies to take the dare and gamble for that perfect spot while risking landing in the worst spot. The potential downside of a consumer revolt by appearing in the wrong place vastly outweighs the potential upside this model offers. Need proof that online advertising strategy needs an overhaul? Take this recent New York Times headline: "Chase Had Ads on 400,000 Sites. Then Just 5,000. Same Results." Their new strategy: advertise only on pre-approved sites rather than through targeted ad words. And guess what? No impact on either cost of placement or response rate. Astonishing. At the same time, the $70 billion spent on digital advertising in 2016 overtook traditional television advertising ($67 billion in 2016) for the first time. And that's just how huge web platforms like Google, YouTube and Facebook would like to keep it. Why? Because it is too costly and complicated for them to operate with an advertising model focused on quality content. They much prefer the idea of companies buying ads at random, rather than holding them accountable for stricter placement strategies, or content and editorial filtering, or censorship. That train left the station long ago, as these internet giants focused on their own interest in growing dominance through traffic growth, with little or no regard for any content responsibility. And the result of that early strategy to deny content responsibility is, in part, why we are here today. It would be prudent for the CEO of any large online platform to work feverishly to develop reliable, accurate filters to immediately address the concerns of those placing ads on their site, and so guarantee ads are colocated with appropriate, high quality content. Playing the random advertising placement game is not worth getting the wrong answer to the question of online ad effectiveness. Technology always outpaces society's ability to cope. Online advertising, initially a novel and effective means of marketing and advertising, might now have become so over-used and over-rated that we are entering a new phase of consumer apathy. And that shift is both game-changing and dangerous for all players involved. In this article: DigitalNext Programmatic James Norrie Dr. James Norrie is the dean of the Graham School of Business at York College of Pennsylvania. View all articles by this author Jefrey Woodall Dr. Jefrey Woodall is an associate professor of Marketing & Strategy at York College of Pennsylvania. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO How storytelling ignites IT innovation at Lowe’s How storytelling ignites IT innovation at Lowe’s The home improvement retailer creates comic books with narrative arks to make virtual showrooms, guide robots, and interstellar 3D printing viable. Clint Boulton (CIO (US)) 27 April, 2017 00:26 - - - - print email Comments HALF MOON BAY, Calif. -- Technology leaders are building innovation labs, digital accelerators and incubators to inject digital changes across their organizations. Home improvement retailer Lowe's may have stumbled upon innovation gold by implementing an ancient method: storytelling. When Lowe's wants to try new things it pays science fiction writers to craft narratives chronicling the future of home improvement. "The only real way that we ingest new information in a meaningful, long-term way and take action on that is through this uniquely human thing called story," says Kyle Nel, who as the executive director of Lowe's Innovation labs is the mastermind behind this storytelling approach to innovation. The writers create characters, conflict and a narrative ark and package them in a comic book format, Nel says essentially serve as "strategic documents." Lowes' staff then busy themselves with building the concepts introduced in the comics. The approach has spawned robots that help customers find their way in stories, virtual reality for design, and tools 3D printed in, naturally, space. Narratives inform future retail services A behavioral scientist by training, Nel shared the approach Monday with 150 attendees here at the Forbes CIO Summit. Nel embarked on this approach to innovation shortly after joining Lowe's from Walmart in 2011 by conceptualizing what became HoloRoom, a home improvement design and visualization tool that lets people plan renovations. HoloRoom users put on a headset and "move" through the room virtually, making changes with swipes, taps, zooms and other gestures to model their design. Introduced in two Toronto stores in 2014, the HoloRoom is now in its sixth iteration. [ 30 CIOs share their strategic focus ] LoweBot serves as a both a movable information kiosk and even a store guide, with users able to request information about finding merchandise by speaking to it or tapping on the robot's tablet interface. It is currently available in San Jose, Calif. stores with plans for a broader rollout on tap. Lowe's is also using 3D printers to create interstellar tools, addressing a thorny problem for astronauts who lose or break tools while aboard a space station. Working with startup Made in Space, Lowe’s AMF printer was installed on the International Space Station, where it is being used to make tools and parts for astronauts. The finished products are sexy, but Nel says the journey requires a lot of not-so-sexy work, including exercises in database management to render details about 500 toilets “in a meaningful way” or integrating legacy systems to serve up virtual reality content. Yet Nel says the outcomes are worth the effort. [ Download the State of the CIO 2017 research report ] Sparking such innovations may seem out of place for a Fortune 50 company like Lowe’s but Nel says that disruption doesn’t lie solely in the purview of startups. After all, Lowe’s and other publicly traded companies have fiduciary responsibilities to stay solvent and avoid the fate of Blockbuster and others that have fallen prey to the innovator’s dilemma. "We as large organizations have just as much a right to play into that future if not more so than these kids in a garage somewhere that we're scared of,” Nel says. Diana McKenzie, CIO of Workday, was among those impressed by the Lowe's innovation approach and plans to explore it further with colleagues at the cloud software vendor. "The power of being able to put that narrative together to get your audience to think about a different reality, almost as a set up to taking them into an innovation lab or starting up a new technology as part of the showroom seems like a brilliant approach that we're not using much as we should," McKenzie says. Selling innovation to the profit-focused CEO So how do CIOs get their C-suite and boards to permit such wild experimentation? Likely not without some pain, particularly in corporate cultures wedded to traditional mindsets, command-and-control scenarios and business processes. [ Your guide to top tech conferences 2017 ] "Usually people dictating business strategy grew up in the organization and rose to their level because they were good operating at that time," Nel says. "But the future is going to look a lot different than the past that got us to that point. And so in order to recognize and adapt it may not make sense for the only people to be making those decisions to be selectively chosen because they had success in the old model. And I see that problem time and time again." Singularity University CEO Rob Nail, whose consultancy works has helped Lowe's Innovation Labs find partners in robotics and 3D printing, says broaching the topic of exploring exponential technologies is not an easy conversation in any business, largely due to the number of competing entities in a corporate ecosystem. CIOs must often muster the courage to outline business pivots to investors and the board of directors as well as constituents in the supply chain and sales. It’s a necessary but “scary conversation” to have, Nail says. "It absolutely has to be this ecosystem pitch, otherwise it's just going to be a short play." Ultimately, the CIO must sell the vision to the CEO, the only leader in position to drive top-down change. "If the CEO gets it you have a chance," says Nail. "If the CEO doesn't get it and everyone else does, you're going to have a hard time." The Future State of the CIO - A Case of ‘Career Is Over’ or ‘Career Is Opportunity’? More from AppDynamics Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AMFBlockbusterHomeTechnologyWorkday Editor's Recommendations Samsung Galaxy S8 phone: full, in-depth review Can more tech save Formula One from fan apathy? When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Appdynamics Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Latest Jobs Capacity Manager ACT ICT Relationship Manager - Service Delivery Environment NSW Senior ICT Project Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Telecommunications Installation Manager SA ICT Transformation Integration Manager NSW IT Service Owner - Supply Chain Technologies NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW Mobile Studio Manager/ Mobile UX Manager - GAME CHANGER! NSW Software Manager VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next NetSuite and Oracle unveil combined plans for global cloud domination There's now a tool to test for NSA spyware ​DMS Security: Five Ways Trusted Cloud Platforms Safeguard Client Data CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google Trump ‘actively’ considering new H-1B spouse work rule Market Place Secure the Future Workspace - Data protection, Securing IoT, Security Policies & more | IDC Analysts | Hands-on Workshops | Register now Emerging Cyber Threat Summit | Cybersecurity strategy for business leaders in the digital age | 6-8 June | Sydney | Get the agenda CSO Small-biz exemptions will threaten large businesses with breach-notification blind spot Cyberespionage, ransomware big gainers in new Verizon breach report CISOs to embrace automation as skills, visibility gaps prove crippling ​USAF to Aussies, Brits, Kiwis, and Canadians: come hack us too... if you can Ransomware attacks are taking a greater toll on victims’ wallets Computerworld NBN migration: Telstra boosts SSU compliance South Australia taps public sector veteran for new CISO role New CIO takes reins at Aurora Energy Microsoft adds another layer to the Windows 10 patching onion Microsoft to slash cloud-connection rights for stand-alone Office ARN Monetising malware: How cyber crooks are innovating like legitimate business Govt welcomes new suppliers to its cloud services panel Invigor strikes $10M Sprooki acquisition deal for Amazon "antidote" Melbourne telco liquidated leaving $2M in debts Queensland beckons next wave of global start-ups Techworld Samsung will launch new flagship smartphone months after Galaxy S8 Ransomware attacks are taking a greater toll on victims’ wallets How HP reclaimed the title of world's top PC maker from Lenovo How to derive real, actionable insights from your data lake: Five best practices California bill would force utilities to give rebates for energy-storage systems CMO Oracle unveils AI-powered apps for cross-channel marketing, chatbots and new content cloud Why Marketo's CMO thinks advocacy starts from the inside out Improving omni-channel customer experience at La-Z-Boy, Denon + Marantz and Pello How HP reclaimed the title of world's top PC maker from Lenovo ​Report shows CMOs are not happy with customer retention Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships It's Official: How the Koch Brothers Killed Trump’s Job Plan The president’s new tax bill jettisons his old proposals to boost domestic production. By Jefferson Morley / AlterNet April 26, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: DonkeyHotey / Flickr As the 100-day mark of Donald Trump’s embattled presidency approaches, it’s official: the self-proclaimed champion of America’s forgotten workers has no jobs plan. In announcing his new tax plan, President Trump quietly abandoned his biggest legislative initiative aimed at creating American jobs, and postponed again his ambitious but vague trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. While most news organizations are focusing on Trump's proposed tax cuts, the bigger story may be Trump’s disappearing jobs agenda. While Trump’s presidency is deeply unpopular, his focus on American jobs is the rare issue where he commands wide support. One recent poll found 73 percent of respondents approved of his performance on jobs. Trump's problem is translating his rhetoric into reality. Just two months ago, Trump endorsed a "border adjustment tax" designed to favor domestic manufacturers and thus create American jobs. "I certainly support a form of tax on the border," the president told Reuters. "What is going to happen is companies are going to come back here, they're going to build their factories and they're going to create a lot of jobs and there's no tax." Trump also hinted he would send Congress legislation enacting a trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. Another right-wing rebellion on Capitol Hill suffocated his plans. The border adjustment tax (BAT) was opposed by the Koch brothers’ conservative advocacy network and the domestic retail industry, led by Walmart and other firms that sell imported goods. With no interest in or understanding of the legislation, and a nonexistent congressional relations operation, Trump had no ability to secure approval of the idea.  Eight weeks ago, I asked, "Who Wins? Trump vs. Koch Brothers on Jobs." Three weeks ago, I suggested Trump was facing humiliation. Official Failure Today, the Koch brothers' victory is complete, and Trump’s failure is official. Facing certain defeat on the BAT, Trump abandoned his attempt to create American jobs. About Trump's new proposal, the New York Times notes: As of late Tuesday, the plan did not include Mr. Trump’s promised $1 trillion infrastructure program, two of the people said, and it jettisoned a House Republican proposal to impose a substantial tax on imports, known as a border adjustment tax, which would have raised billions of dollars to help offset the cost of the [tax] cuts. What happened? Trump got rolled by the combined lobbying machine of the Koch brothers and the retail industry. Americans for Prosperity, the Kochs' political action organization, ran TV ads denouncing the BAT as a $1.2 trillion tax increase on seniors and the working poor. Another Koch-funded group defined the measure as a tax increase on millennials. The head of the Retail Industry Leaders Association declared, “The border adjustment tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20% more for family essentials." Against this Washington juggernaut, the disorganized and disengaged president didn’t stand a chance. As the Times more gently put it, “Mr. Trump acceded to pressure from retailers and conservative advocacy groups.” Other Priorities Trump’s retreat clarifies his governing priorities. During the 2016 campaign, candidate Trump promised to pass a massive jobs program in his first 100 days. In office, President Trump put repeal of Obamacare first. That failed. He pivoted to tax reform designed to stimulate job creation. That too has failed.   “The border adjustment tax may be revisited later, but was considered too controversial to include now,” the Times reported. The story of the day is Trump's proposal for tax cuts that will increase the deficit. The story behind the story: After 100 days, Trump has not only failed to pass a program to create American jobs, he has failed to offer one.  Jefferson Morley is AlterNet's Washington correspondent. He is the author of  JFK and CIA: The Secret Assassination Files (Kindle) and Snow-Storm in August: Washington City, Francis Scott Key, and the Forgotten Race Riot of 1835.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg WATCH: Disillusioned Trump Voter Goes Off on Supporters Still Making Excuses for the President Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 07:30 WATCH: Ivanka Trump Booed and Hissed After Praising Dad as 'Tremendous Champion' of Families Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:05 10 Weird Takeaways from Trump's Latest Interview Jeremy Binckes / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 09:08 Are Neoconservatives Marching the United States into a Fresh New Hell? Heather Digby Parton / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:40 Paul Krugman: Trump Is Quite Willing to Pretend That Tax Cuts for the Rich Will Help Everyone Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 06:11 Monsanto Has Violated the Basic Human Right to a Healthy Environment and Food Katherine Paul / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 23:30 Bill O'Reilly's Top Protege Makes Pathetic Excuse After Outrage Builds Over Crude Ivanka Trump Oral Sex Joke Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 09:07 10 Signs Trump's Top Homeland Security Cop Wants to Drag America Into a Paranoid Apocalyptic Police State Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:39 Republican North Carolina Judge Resigns—and Slams the GOP on the Way Out Bob Brigham / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:21 Robert Reich: How Trump Degraded the Presidency in Just 100 Days Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 04/24/2017 - 06:58 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Robert Reich: 5 Reasons Why Trump’s Corporate Tax Cut Is Totally Moronic Media Bill O'Reilly's Top Protege Makes Pathetic Excuse After Outrage Builds Over Crude Ivanka Trump Oral Sex Joke Immigration 10 Signs Trump's Top Homeland Security Cop Wants to Drag America Into a Paranoid Apocalyptic Police State The Right Wing 100 Days of Gibberish—Trump Has Weaponized Nonsense It's Official: How the Koch Brothers Killed Trump’s Job Plan News & Politics Bernie Sanders Hits Trump Where It Hurts at Rally for New $15 Minimum Wage Bill News & Politics Chinese Workers Paid $1 an Hour to Make Ivanka Trump's Clothes News & Politics 'Tensions Have Never Been Higher': Stephen Colbert Roasts Trump for Finding a Way to Create a Rift with Canada Media Fox's Ailes Built a Security Door to His Office Over Fears His Dark-Skinned Employees Were Terrorists: Lawsuit News & Politics The 5 Wackiest Ideas About Who Might Pay for the Border Wall Floated This Week The Right Wing Why Trump's Ex-National Security Adviser May Be in Deep Legal Trouble News & Politics What Barack Obama and Bill Clinton Don't Want You to Know About Trump's Frightening Deportation Machine News & Politics Republican North Carolina Judge Resigns—and Slams the GOP on the Way Out Culture Try Seeing If You Can Tell the Difference Between Dictators' Palaces and Trump's Own Home News & Politics How a New York Hotel Deal Could Still Be Earning Trump Profits Right Now Environment Now Trump Is Going After America's National Monuments Comics AlterNet Comics: Jen Sorensen on the Insane Logic of Republican Tax Cuts Books Animals Raised for Food Have Deep Cognitive and Emotional Lives—So Why Do We Treat Them With Such Cruelty? Drugs Groundbreaking Drug Reform Conference Envisions Alliance with Black Academia and How to Take on the New Drug Warriors in Washington World The Battle for India Is On—Civility vs. Bigotry Environment Pope Francis: The World's Most Powerful Advocate for Climate Stability Education Major Weaknesses of New Orleans Charter Schools Have Been Laid Bare FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Bernie Sanders Hits Trump Where It Hurts at Rally for New $15 Minimum Wage Bill White Florida Principal at Majority Black School Told Staff to Put White Students in Same Class Women Beware: Saudi Arabia Charged With Shaping Global Standards For Women's Equality ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Plandai Biotechnology Gains Credibility with NutriBullet Deal NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 26, 2017) – Plandaí Biotechnology (OTCQB: PLPL) expects Capital Brands, LLC, the developer, marketer, and distributor of both the wildly popular NutriBullet and NutriBullet SuperFoods, to launch its reformulated product, SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®, next month. SuperFood Fat Burning Boost® is being reformulated to include Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex. This is a landmark moment for a company like Plandaí Biotechnology that has just recently moved from solely a research and development company to focusing more on sales and marketing of its Phytofare® product. More than 40 million NutriBullet units have been sold worldwide, it’s an Amazon best seller in a number of categories and even Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William, is a big fan of NutriBullet. Capital Brands produces SuperFood formula mixes that it says is to help „give the consumer the best possible health benefits using only the best and most quality ingredients available.” The company focuses on nutrient extraction in order to deliver the most nutrients possible from food and other ingredients to increase the health of people everywhere. Capital Brands has chosen Plandaí Biotechnology’s Phytofare® as one of those quality ingredients it will deliver, and now some time next month Phytofare® is expected to be introduced to Capital Brands’ retailers (Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, JC Penny, etc.) and to shoppers who use their website (nutriliving.com) as the active ingredient in SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®. This is a deal that should immediately give Plandaí credibility. After all, Plandaí invested many years of hard work into the development of Phytofare®, and having a worldwide brand that is well-known for using „only the best and most quality ingredients” in its products, speaks loudly to just how potent Phytofare® is. Capital Brands reformulating one of its SuperFood products to include Plandaí’s Phytofare®, should also serve as confirmation for the many years of research and the human clinical trials that Plandaí conducted to prove that its product is highly bioavailable. Bioavailability is essentially the measure of how much of a drug or supplement is able to be absorbed into the bloodstream and how long it can remain there so that the body can realize its health benefits. In the case of Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex, Capital Brands obviously feels that the results will offer exactly what its customers want. A human clinical trial showed Plandaí’s product offers 10 times more bioavailability than the commercially available extract it was compared to, and the results from the clinical trial, which was conducted in South Africa by North West University, have allowed Plandaí to advertise exactly what consumers are looking for — a more potent green tea extract. Green tea’s health benefits come from the 8 catechins, a type of antioxidant, found in the leaves of the tea plant. In Plandaí’s clinical trial, all 8 of those catechins were present in the bloodstream versus only two found when participants consumed the commercial extract that was used in the clinical testing. Phytofare® also provided 5 times greater absorption of those catechins, and the clinical trial found that the life span of the catechin’s molecules in the bloodstream was doubled in Phytofare®. When consumers shop for health products, they’re looking for those that have proven themselves in clinical trials, and, in turn, can boast of higher bioavailability. Capital Brands has created a worldwide brand with that thinking in mind, and it’s no mistake that the company has landed at Plandaí’s door. The benefit to those using the Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex is that with higher bioavailability or absorption rate, the phytonutrients are in the bloodstream in greater quantities and for twice as long, and now as the company has become fully focused on sales and marketing, the credibility of this NutriBullet deal along with powerful clinical trial results, should help the company become extremely competitive in the market. About Stock Market Media Group Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles. We may from time to time include our own opinions about our featured companies, their businesses, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers and viewers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning any company are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications are provided only as an informational aid. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: http://www.sec.gov. We also recommend as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks. We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that SMMG is compensated $5,000 per month by Plandai Biotechnology for content development. Neither SMMG nor anyone associated with it owns shares in PLPL. For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQB:PLPL Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Standard Motor Products Releases 245 New Parts for Standard® and Intermotor® Next PostNext Triloma EIG Energy Income Funds Participate in Northeast Natural Energy Investment Search Recent Posts Sunflower Seeds Market Expected to Expand at a Steady CAGR through 2026 Global Industrial Ice Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2021 Hook-up in the city? iCasual provides the ultimate solution Research Offers 10-Year Forecast on Cochineal Extract Market Global VLF High Voltage Generator Market 2021 Forecast Report Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   DuPage County updated: 4/26/2017 8:00 PM Witnesses, video led to murder charge in Oak Brook tollway shooting Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO   Illinois State Police Capt. Robert Meeder, right, and DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin outline charges in an apparent road-rage shooting in Oak Brook. Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer   Justin Kmitch Follow @JustinKmitchDH     Law enforcement officials say it was a combination of eyewitness accounts and video surveillance technology that allowed them to quickly focus their attention on Anthony Tillmon as the prime suspect in Friday's shooting death of a truck driver on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon State police Capt. Robert Meeder said several drivers who said they saw the shooting pulled to the shoulder of the road Friday to talk with troopers. Several others called in tips after seeing media reports of the shooting. All those witnesses gave similar descriptions of Tillmon and the bright green safety vest or jacket he was wearing when he raised his right arm and opened fire, authorities said. That information, along with witnesses' descriptions of the tow truck Tillmon was driving, allowed police to review video from the tollway and compare it to the GPS device and I-PASS transponder in his truck. Now Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, is charged with first-degree murder and is being held on $3 million bail in DuPage County jail. He turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday and appeared Wednesday morning in DuPage bond court wearing a yellow jumpsuit and slippers. "The public has a right to travel safely on our roads, our expressways and our tollways," DuPage State's Attorney Robert Berlin said after the hearing. "Drive-by shootings not only endanger the intended victim but put many innocent motorists and passengers at great risk for bodily harm."   DuPage County State's Attorney Robert Berlin, right, and Assistant State's Attorney Jim French speak at a Wednesday morning news conference outlining the murder charges against Anthony Tillmon of Lansing related to an apparent road-rage shooting last week in Oak Brook. - Justin Kmitch | Staff Photographer Tillmon is accused of shooting Eduardo Munoz, 43, most recently of Northlake, who was driving a semitrailer truck east on I-88 during the afternoon rush hour at mile marker 138.5 near York Road. Witnesses said Tillmon, a tow-truck driver for Calumet City's Wes's Service, and Munoz both were driving aggressively and were flailing their arms at each other, authorities said. Tillmon then fired multiple shots, authorities said, hitting Munoz three times. Prosecutors said they don't know what led to the confrontation; Tillmon has not talked to police. Munoz was able to pull over and call 911. He was taken to Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, where he died. "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, said during a Wednesday news conference. Prosecutors said tollway video and I-PASS records show the two trucks near each other at the time of the shooting. The tow truck's GPS device also placed the truck assigned to Tillmon at the scene. After the shooting, authorities said, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart in Lansing, where video shows him parking his truck in a remote location and his girlfriend picking him up in a red Jeep. Authorities say many witnesses pulled over on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook to report what they saw of a road rage shooting that killed a truck driver. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Assistant State's Attorney Jim French said Tillmon's girlfriend took him to her Lansing home so he could "clean up" and then dropped him off at Wes's Towing. Once there, he asked one of his co-workers to drive him back to Wal-Mart to pick up the tow truck. He drove the truck back to the company, got in his Dodge Charger, drove back to his girlfriend's house and then left in her Jeep. Berlin declined to answer questions about whether the girlfriend will face charges, saying only that the case remains under investigation. Tillmon's co-workers told authorities he was showing off a gun at work shortly before the shooting. He has no FOID card or concealed carry card. The weapon used in the shooting has not been recovered, but Berlin said authorities found a 9 mm shell casing in the tow truck as well as a green vest with Tillmon's nickname on it. A different gun was found in Tillmon's personal vehicle. "Witness descriptions of the shooter matched (Tillmon) as well as a green jacket," Berlin said. Prosecutors asked Judge Joseph Bugos to deny bail because Tillmon, if found guilty, faces between 45 years and life in prison. "If someone crosses him while he's out on bond, we're going to have another murder in DuPage County or Illinois," French said. Prosecutors said Tillmon has never been convicted of a crime. Tillmon's attorney argued the case against his client is circumstantial and there was no positive identification. He asked for $100,000 bail. If he posts the $300,300 necessary for his release, Tillmon will be ordered held to home confinement, authorities said. His next court date is May 22. Tillmon had worked for Wes's Service for 10 years as a tow-truck driver, the company's attorney, Rory McGinty, said Wednesday. The company has a strict policy against employees carrying weapons while on the job, he said. "From what I'm told, he was a good man for 10 years," McGinty said. "Came to work, did what he was supposed to do." Tillmon was on his shift at the time of the shooting, McGinty said, and it was the last time he reported to work. Now others at Wes's Service are struggling to make sense of what happened. "We don't understand what we're hearing," McGinty said. The truck driver shot on the Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook was able to pull over after the road rage shooting and call 911 himself. - COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Munoz, who friends called "Lalo," moved back and forth between Florida and Illinois and most recently was living in Northlake, according to Larry Perez, the lead pastor of U-turn Covenant Church, where Munoz attended services. A fiance, father and grandfather, Munoz drove a truck during the week and apparently was just minutes from the end of his shift when he was shot. A memorial service is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Thursday at the church, 35 E. North Ave., Northlake. A funeral service will be at 10 a.m. Friday. Related Article Police: Road rage led to fatal shooting on Reagan Tollway in Oak Brook   Related Article Florida trucker fatally shot on highway near Chicago   Related Article Truck driver dies after another driver shoots him on I-88 in Oak Brook   Tweet This article filed under: News Oak Brook Crime DuPage County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Plandai Biotechnology, Inc. April 26, 2017 09:00 ET Plandai Biotechnology Gains Credibility with NutriBullet Deal NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 26, 2017) - Plandaí Biotechnology (OTCQB: PLPL) expects Capital Brands, LLC, the developer, marketer, and distributor of both the wildly popular NutriBullet and NutriBullet SuperFoods, to launch its reformulated product, SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®, next month. SuperFood Fat Burning Boost® is being reformulated to include Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex. This is a landmark moment for a company like Plandaí Biotechnology that has just recently moved from solely a research and development company to focusing more on sales and marketing of its Phytofare® product. More than 40 million NutriBullet units have been sold worldwide, it's an Amazon best seller in a number of categories and even Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William, is a big fan of NutriBullet. Capital Brands produces SuperFood formula mixes that it says is to help "give the consumer the best possible health benefits using only the best and most quality ingredients available." The company focuses on nutrient extraction in order to deliver the most nutrients possible from food and other ingredients to increase the health of people everywhere. Capital Brands has chosen Plandaí Biotechnology's Phytofare® as one of those quality ingredients it will deliver, and now some time next month Phytofare® is expected to be introduced to Capital Brands' retailers (Target, Kohl's, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, JC Penny, etc.) and to shoppers who use their website (nutriliving.com) as the active ingredient in SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®. This is a deal that should immediately give Plandaí credibility. After all, Plandaí invested many years of hard work into the development of Phytofare®, and having a worldwide brand that is well-known for using "only the best and most quality ingredients" in its products, speaks loudly to just how potent Phytofare® is. Capital Brands reformulating one of its SuperFood products to include Plandaí's Phytofare®, should also serve as confirmation for the many years of research and the human clinical trials that Plandaí conducted to prove that its product is highly bioavailable. Bioavailability is essentially the measure of how much of a drug or supplement is able to be absorbed into the bloodstream and how long it can remain there so that the body can realize its health benefits. In the case of Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex, Capital Brands obviously feels that the results will offer exactly what its customers want. A human clinical trial showed Plandaí's product offers 10 times more bioavailability than the commercially available extract it was compared to, and the results from the clinical trial, which was conducted in South Africa by North West University, have allowed Plandaí to advertise exactly what consumers are looking for -- a more potent green tea extract. Green tea's health benefits come from the 8 catechins, a type of antioxidant, found in the leaves of the tea plant. In Plandaí's clinical trial, all 8 of those catechins were present in the bloodstream versus only two found when participants consumed the commercial extract that was used in the clinical testing. Phytofare® also provided 5 times greater absorption of those catechins, and the clinical trial found that the life span of the catechin's molecules in the bloodstream was doubled in Phytofare®. When consumers shop for health products, they're looking for those that have proven themselves in clinical trials, and, in turn, can boast of higher bioavailability. Capital Brands has created a worldwide brand with that thinking in mind, and it's no mistake that the company has landed at Plandaí's door. The benefit to those using the Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex is that with higher bioavailability or absorption rate, the phytonutrients are in the bloodstream in greater quantities and for twice as long, and now as the company has become fully focused on sales and marketing, the credibility of this NutriBullet deal along with powerful clinical trial results, should help the company become extremely competitive in the market. About Stock Market Media Group Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles. We may from time to time include our own opinions about our featured companies, their businesses, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers and viewers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning any company are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications are provided only as an informational aid. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: http://www.sec.gov. We also recommend as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks. We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that SMMG is compensated $5,000 per month by Plandai Biotechnology for content development. Neither SMMG nor anyone associated with it owns shares in PLPL. For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com. Contact Information Contact: Stock Market Media Group info@stockmarketmediagroup.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Plandai Biotechnology, Inc. From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech Retail From this sub-industry Personal Care/Fitness Women's Interest Alternative Healthcare Health and Nutrition Clinical Trials Biotech Drugs Trials Consumer Interest See all RSS Newsfeeds   Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.plandaibiotech.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Global Floor Coverings Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global Floor Coverings Market 2017 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2022”.                                                                                                                           In this report, the global Floor Coverings market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Floor Coverings in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India   Get a Sample Report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1223757-global-floor-coverings-market-research-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com   Global Floor Coverings market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including IKEA Walmart Bed Bath & Beyond Macy’s Ahold Aldi Ashley Furniture Carrefour Continental China Crate & Barrel Fred Meyer Furniture Brands International Future Group Haworth Herman Miller Inditex Kimball International On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into PVC Knit Pearl cotton other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Floor Coverings for each application, including Household Commercial If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.   Enquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1223757-global-floor-coverings-market-research-report-2017   Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   Global Floor Coverings Market Research Report 2017 1 Floor Coverings Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Floor Coverings 1.2 Floor Coverings Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Floor Coverings Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Floor Coverings Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 PVC 1.2.4 Knit 1.2.5 Pearl cotton 1.2.6 other 1.3 Global Floor Coverings Segment by Application 1.3.1 Floor Coverings Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Household 1.3.3 Commercial 1.4 Global Floor Coverings Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Floor Coverings Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Floor Coverings (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Floor Coverings Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Floor Coverings Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Floor Coverings Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Floor Coverings Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Floor Coverings Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Floor Coverings Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Floor Coverings Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Floor Coverings Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Floor Coverings Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Floor Coverings Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Floor Coverings Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Floor Coverings Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion ……… 7 Global Floor Coverings Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 IKEA 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 IKEA Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Walmart 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Walmart Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Bed Bath & Beyond 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Bed Bath & Beyond Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Macy’s 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Macy’s Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Ahold 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Ahold Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Aldi 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Aldi Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Ashley Furniture 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Ashley Furniture Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Carrefour 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Carrefour Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Continental China 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Floor Coverings Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Continental China Floor Coverings Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1223757 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBuilding and Construction, Chemical and Advanced Materials, Chemicals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Passenger Boarding Bridge (PBB) Market to reach approximately $1.49 billion by 2025 Next PostNext GVCL Ventures, Inc. Approves Global Vision Cannabis Life as its Operating Name Search Recent Posts Encapsulated Flavors And Fragrances Market Industry Analysis, Trend and Growth, 2017-2027 Oxidized Polyethylene Wax (OPE Wax) Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2022 2017 Asia-Pacific Ball Splines Industry Revenue Market Share Analysis: Market Shares, Analysis, and Index Global Flexible Display Market to be at Forefront by 2024 Oxazole Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Plandai Biotechnology, Inc. (PLPL: OTC Pink Limited) | Plandai Biotechnology Gains Credibility with NutriBullet Deal NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – April 26, 2017) – Plandaí Biotechnology (OTCQB: PLPL) expects Capital Brands, LLC, the developer, marketer, and distributor of both the wildly popular NutriBullet and NutriBullet SuperFoods, to launch its reformulated product, SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®, next month. SuperFood Fat Burning Boost® is being reformulated to include Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex. This is a landmark moment for a company like Plandaí Biotechnology that has just recently moved from solely a research and development company to focusing more on sales and marketing of its Phytofare® product. More than 40 million NutriBullet units have been sold worldwide, it’s an Amazon best seller in a number of categories and even Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William, is a big fan of NutriBullet. Capital Brands produces SuperFood formula mixes that it says is to help „give the consumer the best possible health benefits using only the best and most quality ingredients available.” The company focuses on nutrient extraction in order to deliver the most nutrients possible from food and other ingredients to increase the health of people everywhere. Capital Brands has chosen Plandaí Biotechnology’s Phytofare® as one of those quality ingredients it will deliver, and now some time next month Phytofare® is expected to be introduced to Capital Brands’ retailers (Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, JC Penny, etc.) and to shoppers who use their website (nutriliving.com) as the active ingredient in SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®. This is a deal that should immediately give Plandaí credibility. After all, Plandaí invested many years of hard work into the development of Phytofare®, and having a worldwide brand that is well-known for using „only the best and most quality ingredients” in its products, speaks loudly to just how potent Phytofare® is. Capital Brands reformulating one of its SuperFood products to include Plandaí’s Phytofare®, should also serve as confirmation for the many years of research and the human clinical trials that Plandaí conducted to prove that its product is highly bioavailable. Bioavailability is essentially the measure of how much of a drug or supplement is able to be absorbed into the bloodstream and how long it can remain there so that the body can realize its health benefits. In the case of Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex, Capital Brands obviously feels that the results will offer exactly what its customers want. A human clinical trial showed Plandaí’s product offers 10 times more bioavailability than the commercially available extract it was compared to, and the results from the clinical trial, which was conducted in South Africa by North West University, have allowed Plandaí to advertise exactly what consumers are looking for — a more potent green tea extract. Green tea’s health benefits come from the 8 catechins, a type of antioxidant, found in the leaves of the tea plant. In Plandaí’s clinical trial, all 8 of those catechins were present in the bloodstream versus only two found when participants consumed the commercial extract that was used in the clinical testing. Phytofare® also provided 5 times greater absorption of those catechins, and the clinical trial found that the life span of the catechin’s molecules in the bloodstream was doubled in Phytofare®. When consumers shop for health products, they’re looking for those that have proven themselves in clinical trials, and, in turn, can boast of higher bioavailability. Capital Brands has created a worldwide brand with that thinking in mind, and it’s no mistake that the company has landed at Plandaí’s door. The benefit to those using the Plandaí’s Phytofare® Catechin Complex is that with higher bioavailability or absorption rate, the phytonutrients are in the bloodstream in greater quantities and for twice as long, and now as the company has become fully focused on sales and marketing, the credibility of this NutriBullet deal along with powerful clinical trial results, should help the company become extremely competitive in the market. About Stock Market Media Group Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles. We may from time to time include our own opinions about our featured companies, their businesses, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers and viewers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning any company are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications are provided only as an informational aid. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: http://www.sec.gov. We also recommend as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks. We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that SMMG is compensated $5,000 per month by Plandai Biotechnology for content development. Neither SMMG nor anyone associated with it owns shares in PLPL. For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com. Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPlandai Biotechnology, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Titan Medical Inc. (TITXF: OTCQX International) | Titan Medical Issued U.S. Patent Related to SPORT Surgical System Robotic Instruments Next PostNext Survey Results: What Traits do Businesses Look for in New Hires? Search Recent Posts 横河電機 「Total Insight」コンセプトのもと電磁流量計「ADMAG Total Insight」シリーズを開発 Yokogawa Develops the ADMAG Total Insight Electromagnetic Flowmeters Martin Midstream Partners Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Hub Group, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results 20多家中国企业加入UEFI Forum，共同寻求国际发展 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Lawmakers push one-week stopgap funding bill Floor Action — 3h 27m ago Fox poll: Trump approval below 50 percent Administration — 4h 2s ago Trump tells Mexico, Canada he won't terminate NAFTA 'at this time' Administration — 4h 11m ago Trump to sign executive order to easily oust bad VA employees Defense — 4h 23m ago US will investigate aluminum imports as national security hazard Finance — 4h 30m ago United explains passenger removal to senators Transportation — 4h 35m ago 'The Simpsons' parodies Trump's first 100 days In The Know — 4h 48m ago State and local governments express concerns about Trump tax plan Finance — 4h 55m ago view all   Oil, tech giants tell Trump to stay in Paris deal By Devin Henry - 04/26/17 10:09 AM EDT 13   © Getty Oil giants BP and Shell and a group of utilities and tech companies are pushing President Trump to stay in the Paris climate deal. In a letter sent to Trump on Wednesday, the firms said the deal benefits U.S. companies by putting them on an even playing field with foreign competitors, creates jobs through clean energy work and minimizes the risks climate change poses to them.  “We believe that as other countries invest in advanced technologies and move forward with the Paris agreement, the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance U.S. interests by remaining a full partner in this vital global effort,” the companies wrote. ADVERTISEMENT Companies signing the letter included foreign firms like BP and Shell, gas and electricity provider National Grid, California utility PG&E, tech giants like Google and Microsoft, Wal-Mart, General Mills and others.  The letter comes as the White House mulls continued involvement in the Paris climate deal, an international agreement reached during the Obama administration to cut global greenhouse gas emissions.  Most companies that have taken a position on the deal have urged the U.S. to stay in it, though some coal companies are pushing Trump to leave the pact. Wednesday’s letter, organized by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions, presents a similar message other companies have delivered to the White House: The Paris deal gives the U.S. the chance to influence international climate work and energy markets. The firms say that leverage protects companies, which will already be looking for opportunities to take advantage of a global economy focused on tackling climate change.   “Climate change presents U.S. companies with both business risks and business opportunities,” they wrote. “U.S. business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response. We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." Tags BP Shell National Grid PG&E Google Intel Microsoft Walmart General Mills Paris climate deal   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump says he may break up 9th... President Trump is considering breaking up the 9th Circuit Court after a... 554 Shares 2 Freedom Caucus gets to yes on... Republicans took a serious step forward in their effort to replace... 435 Shares 3 Freedom Caucus endorses revised... The House Freedom Caucus on Wednesday announced it will back the GOP's... 419 Shares 4 ACLU defends Coulter: ‘We must... The ACLU called Coulter's cancellation of a planned speech "a loss for the... 251 Shares 5 FCC head unveils plan to roll back... Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai on Wednesday... 201 Shares 6 Senators get North Korea briefing... Senators piled into buses Wednesday for a rare trip to the Eisenhower... 183 Shares 7 Trump goes big on tax reform The White House on Wednesday presented a sweeping plan to lower tax rates... 151 Shares 8 Lawmaker goes after internet troll... A Pennsylvania state lawmaker on Wednesday hit back at an internet troll... 150 Shares 9 House GOP health bill changes... Democrats jumped on the move. 112 Shares 10 ‘Weirdness’ factor clouds White... If one asked a Magic 8-Ball to describe the mood in Washington just ahead... 111 Shares 11 Overnight Energy: Trump orders... POWER TO THE STATES AND PEOPLE: President Trump signed an executive order... 109 Shares 12 Patagonia threatens to sue Trump... Outdoor-clothing maker Patagonia hit back at President Trump on Wednesday... 100 Shares 13 Fox host under fire for remark... Fox News host Jesse Watters is under fire for making what critics say was... 93 Shares 14 'The Simpsons' parodies Trump's... "The Simpsons" teased its newest episode on Facebook Wednesday, which... 91 Shares 15 Lawmakers push one-week stopgap... Lawmakers have until Friday to prevent a government shutdown. 69 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Colorado Springs Independent News Music Food/Drink Culture Columns Weed Special Issues Classifieds Browse Books Home Page Reader Recommendations Browse News News Homepage The Wire IndyBlog Submit a News Tip Get Involved Archives Browse Columns Columns Home Page Letters Trump Tracker Queer & There Between the Lines Semi-Native Street Smarts Hiking Bob Technicalities DiverseCity Hightower Your Turn Free Will Astrology Archives Browse Food/Drink Food/Drink Home Page Food & Drink Events Happy Hours Restaurant Search Bar Search Archives Browse Music Music Home Page Playing Around Listings Big Gigs Venue Listings Archives Browse Special Issues Best Of 2016 Best Of 2016 Vol. II InSider Dish ReLeaf Inclusion Awards Fall Arts Preview Summer Guide Summer Camp Guide Education Guide Browse the Archives Browse Classifieds Real Estate for Sale Rentals Services Marketplace Employment Automotive Body and Soul Entertainment Notices Browse Weed MMJ Home Page Releaf - Special Issue Medical Marijuana on Indyblog MMJ Centers Browse Culture Culture Section Performing Arts Visual Arts The List Film Times Today in Colorado Springs Culture Listings Dance Performances Stage Listings Visual Arts Listings Event Listings Search All in Articles & Posts in Slideshows in Events in Locations in Movies Log in Username View Profile Edit Profile Log Out Tweet Reddit Email Print Favorite Saving… Share April 26, 2017 Special Issues » Education Guide Charters appeal to a growing number of families  Choosy charters By Hannah Harvey Tools Favorite Saving… Custom List Loading… Comments click to enlarge Courtesy TCA The Classical Academy teaches via Socratic-style roundtable discussions. Janet Nace, principal of Pikes Peak Prep in Colorado Springs, starts her day at 6:30 a.m. But she isn't just rolling out of bed at that time — the school is already bustling with students. At PPP, a K-12 public charter school with 319 students enrolled for the 2016-17 school year, students play educational games, work on homework and eat breakfast in the early morning hours before starting their school day in a two-atrium schoolhouse and several modulars that house their high school students. Efficiency, longer class days and school years, and a focus on maximizing student learning resources are part of the environment teachers tailor to meet their students' needs. "One of our cornerstones is individualized learning," Nace says. "We focus on teaching the whole child in a holistic way." Alternative, innovative learning and teaching methods are a common theme of charters, which are public schools that don't have to meet all the same standards as traditional schools. That's because 17 states — including Colorado — grant waivers for charters. For example, Colorado charters aren't required to hire licensed teachers. Charters are either licensed through school districts or through the state-run Charter School Institute. According to the Colorado Department of Education, there are 114,694 students attending charter schools in Colorado. Those licensed by Colorado school districts teach more than 98,000 students. Charter School Institute-licensed charters teach nearly 16,500 students, according to the CDE's 2016-17 Pupil Membership spreadsheet. Since 2012, enrollment has grown at an annual pace of 6,243 students per year, says Stacy Rader, director of communications for the Colorado League of Charter Schools (CLCS). Although Colorado is already a state in which parents have the option to enroll their children in public schools outside of their neighborhood, charters add an additional, attractive option for parents. Less regulation allows for innovation, although some say it can also lead to abuses. Public charter schools are funded by state taxpayer money through per-pupil operating revenue, but they don't typically receive the same level of local tax funding that traditional schools do, and thus are funded with a mix of government and private funds. (Walmart's Walton Family Foundation, for instance, is a large funder of charters.) Charters may also be operated by a management company or be part of a group of charters. PPP, for instance, is operated by the GEO Foundation. The outside influence leads critics to accuse some charters of having religious or political agendas. Others say that charters are drawing money away from the already-tight budgets of traditional public schools, in an effort to privatize the education system. And indeed, many of charter schools' most ardent supporters are also fans of vouchers, in which families are given tax funds to pay for private schools. Still Rader, says, "Parents are now demanding the ability to be able to choose the public school (including public charter schools) that they feel is the best fit for their child and family versus being assigned to a school based on their ZIP code." But in Colorado Springs School District 11, the cost of chartering a new charter school might sometimes outweigh the benefits for the students involved, D-11 Chief Financial Officer Glenn Gustafson says. "The playing field is never level on either side; we can get bonds for new schools, but charters have to pay rent," says Gustafson. "It's an issue of resources. What is most important to benefit all students?" Charter applications at D11 may be denied if the school seems too similar to an existing charter, though budgetary concerns are the main reason for a denial. Gustafson calls D-11 "charter-friendly," noting that the district is home to 16 charters. There are a total of 238 charter schools statewide, according to the CLCS. Some schools implement longer school days and develop curriculum for low-income, at-risk students, like Pikes Peak Prep, which caters to low-income students and families. According to Nace, 80 percent of students, who come mostly from the Hillside neighborhood, receive free or reduced-price lunch at PPP. In Colorado Springs, there are 31 public charter schools. During the 2015-16 school year, more than 10,000 students attended charter schools in Districts 2, 3, 11, 12, 20 and 38. According to its mission statement, PPP seeks to "provide comprehensive educational experience to students in Colorado Springs, utilizing innovative methods of instruction to produce excellence in educational achievement." Nace says 13 students are set to graduate this spring. She says that kids who attend PPP are taught to think about their post-secondary education as soon as they reach ninth grade: "Everyone's road is going to lead to college." However, CDE records show PPP's graduation rate is just 61.1 percent, according to a 2015-16 cohort report. This is below the state average graduation rate, which is 78.9 percent. It is, however, higher than the graduation rate for all Charter School Institute schools, which stands at just 49.8 percent. Those who do graduate from PPP, are given an opportunity to concurrently earn an associate degree, Nace says, which comes with better job prospects. The Classical Academy, an Academy District 20 charter with a total of 3,800 students across three campuses, takes a similar approach, says Tisha Harris, director of communications. TCA's mission is to give students the ability to think analytically and love learning beyond their schooling years. TCA faculty do this through Socratic-style, roundtable discussions instead of lectures and by encouraging extracurricular activities. While TCA prides itself on encouraging a student's love for education, the school has faced criticism by those who say it teaches Christian principles. TCA, which is also known for strong academics, has denied that claim. TCA's retention rate is high — 65 percent of this year's seniors have been there since kindergarten, and last year's graduating class held 148 students. Harris says she hopes the school leaves a lasting impression on its graduates, "instill[ing] a lifelong passion for learning." More Education Guide » Tweet Choosy charters Speaking of... Colorado Springs education guide (plus digital flip-book) Apr 26, 2017 Free speech zones rattled college campuses, but new legislation seeks to alleviate grievances Apr 26, 2017 Technology-based curricula help middle, high school students succeed post graduation Apr 26, 2017 Aviation Museum announces big plans for new facilities Apr 26, 2017 Science march draws nearly 1,000 in public display of nerd-ity Apr 26, 2017 Taking aim at the digital parasites in our pocket Apr 14, 2017 More » Tags: Education Guide, charter school, Colorado Springs School District 11, The Classical Academy, Pikes Peak Prep, education Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread More by Hannah Harvey Technology-based curricula help middle, high school students succeed post graduation Apr 26, 2017 Free speech zones rattled college campuses, but new legislation seeks to alleviate grievances Apr 26, 2017 The List Feb 8, 2017 More » Also in Education Guide Colorado Springs education guide (plus digital flip-book) Free speech zones rattled college campuses, but new legislation seeks to alleviate grievances by Hannah Harvey Technology-based curricula help middle, high school students succeed post graduation by Hannah Harvey More» Current Issue Digital IssueApril 26- 2, 2017 This Week Previous Issues Slideshows April's First Friday Cocktail competition at Brooklyn's on Boulder Road Trip Hike: Holbert Cabin We Are The Youth If bigger means better, local Women's March was the best in Springs history ↑ ↓ All Slideshows Latest in Education Guide Colorado Springs education guide (plus digital flip-book) Apr 26, 2017 Free speech zones rattled college campuses, but new legislation seeks to alleviate grievances Education Guide by Hannah Harvey Apr 26, 2017 More » Contact Colorado Springs Independent 235 S. Nevada Ave. Colorado Springs, CO 80903 (719) 577-4545 The Paper Digital Issue Issue Archive Subscribe RSS Request a Newsstand Special Issues Read News Music Food & Drink Culture Columns Weed Write Submit a News Tip Pitch a Story Letters to the Editor Comment Archive Calendar Event Search Movie Times Featured Events Get Involved Submit a Listing Advertise Classifieds Talk to a Rep Advertising Info Download Media Kit Download Ad Planner Download Tech Requirements House Contact Us Jobs @ the Indy Privacy Policy Sign up for Newsletters Policies/User Agreement Contest All content © Copyright 2017, The Colorado Springs Independent Website powered by Foundation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Elev8 Brands, Inc (VATE: OTC Pink Current) | Elev8 Brands, Inc. Adds 30-Year Beverage Industry Veteran Tom Shuman Apr 26, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – ROCKLEDGE, Fla., April 26, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Elev8 Brands, Inc. (OTC Pink:VATE), a holding company focused on the commercial development of hemp and CBD-based products including hemp coffee, tea, and E-juices which target the health and wellness markets, announces Tom Shuman will join Elev8 Brands, Inc. as a senior consultant. Tom Shuman is an ex-professional athlete that has parlayed his competitive nature into a tremendously successful Senior Level Sales & Marketing Executive with experience and expertise in Building Corporate Value. Whether challenged to accelerate growth within a mature business market, orchestrate an aggressive turnaround, or launch a new brand or product, Tom and his Sales & Marketing teams have consistently delivered strong operating and financial results. Throughout his 30+ years in the beverage industry, with the likes of companies such as Coca-Cola, Rocky Mountain High Brands, DS Waters of America and the Dr Pepper / Snapple Group just to name a few, Tom has consistently produced outstanding results by building strong relationships and working closely with national accounts, distributors, co-packers, wholesalers, bottlers (3-Tier distribution systems – soft drink, new age, bottled water, enhanced “functional”, and alcoholic beverages) and brokers.  Chief Executive Ryan Medico stated, “We couldn’t be happier that Mr. Shuman has joined our team. He will be a tremendous asset to Elev8 Brands and will play a major role in the upcoming months.” Tom possesses a great deal of experience leading a sales & marketing team of more than $80 million in sales annually (selling both branded and private label products), and he has enjoyed tremendous success working with retailers such as Wal-Mart, Target, Sam’s Club, Whole Foods, Kroger, Publix, Safeway, Home Depot, various C-store chains, etc.    During his career, Tom has been involved in a couple of entrepreneurial beverage ventures whereby he has gained a wealth of additional experience and knowledge in the “Natural / Healthy Lifestyle” side of the retail trade, and distributor network, working with the likes of Whole Foods, United Natural Foods, Tree of Life, KEHE, Republic National Distribution Company and Nature’s Best. Tom was „classically trained” with Fortune 500 consumer package goods companies, and has entrepreneurial experience as well.  Tom has been intimately involved in the development of a calcium water product, vitamin & antioxidant enhanced waters, protein shakes, liquid meal replacements, a drink specially designed for diabetes management, hemp infused beverages and even a low calorie alcoholic beverage. Currently, Tom is a partner in a CBD (cannabinoid) processing company that has developed a water-soluble CBD concentrate that infuses beautifully into any beverage. These achievements are indicative of the quality and caliber of Tom’s entire professional career; identifying and capitalizing upon market opportunities to build revenues, outperform competition, and win sustainable market share. Tom’s 30+ years of producing tremendously successful results in the beverage industry, coupled with his experience and successful track record across all channels of the retail trade, and with distributors, positions Tom to be the dynamic type of individual that will create value for any company. Tom Shuman was born and raised in the small steel town of Pottstown, located in southeastern Pennsylvania. Today, Tom lives with his wife, Kelly, and two of his four children in Dallas, Texas. About Elev8 Brands, Inc.: Elev8 Brands, Inc. specializes in the development and marketing of products for the fitness and wellness markets.  The company is founded on the basis of creating high-quality, sustainable, products for health conscious consumers.  About Elev8 Hemp LLC:  Elev8 Hemp LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Elev8 Brands, Inc. which focuses on the development and marketing of hemp-based food, beverage, and health care products including hemp coffee, hemp water, and hemp-based skin care products.     About 02 Breathe LLC: 02 Breathe is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Elev8 Brands, Inc. which focuses on their oxygen bar while bringing in an array of CBD products. O2 Breathe carries CBD tinctures, CBD vape, CBD lotions and message products. 02 Breathe is currently looking to offer CBD at their oxygen bar. Please visit, www.elev8hemp.com for more information. Safe Harbor Statement: The information posted in this release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by use of the words „may,” „will,” „should,” „plans,” „expects,” „anticipates,” „continue,” „estimate,” „project,” „intend,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing various engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, shortages in components, production delays due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, and various other factors beyond the Company’s control. 
Contact:
Ryan Medico
info@elev8hemp.com
 Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsElev8 Brands, Inc Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FourKites Named Entrepreneurial Company of the Year in the Dynamic Supply Chain Tracking Solutions Market by Frost & Sullivan Next PostNext Silvaco is Exhibiting at IoT DevCon 2017 Search Recent Posts Plus-sized knitting hobby turns into big business Recent Trends In Senior Living Suggest Community Settings As Leading Choice Global Homecare Medical Equipment Market 2017 :Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Forecast to 2022 Western Balkans information day focuses on access to data Update to regional EARS-ATMS data Proudly powered by WordPress
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 67 18 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 67 18 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News Local News Obituaries News Video Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather Atlanta Pollen Count NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks Atlanta United High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video AJC Peachtree Road Race BUY STUFF AJC Store SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music FIND IT My Atlanta Atlanta Events Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Spring in Atlanta Games AJC Peachtree Road Race THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Spring in Atlanta Events in Atlanta My Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper  Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale AJC Store close subnav open subnav Storefront 67 Atlanta, GA  30303 18 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts AJC Store Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Dry conditions could mean more venomous snake sightings, experts say 0 Dry conditions could mean more venomous snake sightings, experts say 0 WFTV.com 7:54 a.m. Wednesday, April 26, 2017 National/World News 0 News LONGWOOD, Fla. The ongoing drought could bring danger slithering right into Floridians' yards. The dry conditions mean the most venomous snakes in Central Florida are on the move. >> Watch the news report here Herpetologist Bob Cross said low water levels in many lakes and swamps means snake sightings are more likely to happen in neighborhoods. “It’s very frightening to think that they’re that they’re that close to a house,” said Longwood resident Candy Bauer. "I don't feel the same about my backyard." >> Snakes dumped in Walmart parking lot She found a cottonmouth in her backyard this week and called Cross to relocate the animal. “Usually when people saw that, it’s a harmless water snake," Cross said. "But in this case, the lady was right." >> Read more trending news He said the dry weather is forcing the cottonmouths and other snakes to seek water elsewhere. "He’s going to be traveling like the gators,” Cross said. >> 'Firefighters saved my life,' rattlesnake victim says He said a bite from a cottonmouth would cause severe pain and swelling. "We'd be calling 911 and a helicopter for you," Cross said. The snake found in Bauer’s yard will be sent to a facility in DeLand which will use it to produce anti-venom. Related 'Firefighters saved my life,' rattlesnake victim says Snakes dumped in Walmart parking lot Dad learns to walk again for his daughters' sake after doctors said he was paralyzed Disney workers ask company to fight for 500 Haitian refugees Facebook Live video leads to suspect in woman's death Opinion: The ESPN we used to enjoy is dead and never coming back View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read Restroom emergency leads to passenger being removed from Delta flight | AJC@ATL Tex McIver shooting: Atlanta attorney heading to jail ESPN layoffs: Danny Kanell, Jayson Stark, Ed Werder among fired Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 67 30303 18 Most Read Restroom emergency leads to passenger being removed from Delta flight | AJC@ATL Tex McIver shooting: Atlanta attorney heading to jail ESPN layoffs: Danny Kanell, Jayson Stark, Ed Werder among fired Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More News Dad learns to walk again for his daughters' sake after doctors said he was paralyzed Life 3 fun things: April 28-30 Education Brandon Hall team wins Georgia High School Math Competition News Bragbook for April 28 Education Riverwood team wins Destination Imagination engineering event Online post misleads on police deaths during drug war Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Plandai Biotechnology, Inc. April 26, 2017 09:00 ET Plandai Biotechnology Gains Credibility with NutriBullet Deal NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 26, 2017) - Plandaí Biotechnology (OTCQB: PLPL) expects Capital Brands, LLC, the developer, marketer, and distributor of both the wildly popular NutriBullet and NutriBullet SuperFoods, to launch its reformulated product, SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®, next month. SuperFood Fat Burning Boost® is being reformulated to include Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex. This is a landmark moment for a company like Plandaí Biotechnology that has just recently moved from solely a research and development company to focusing more on sales and marketing of its Phytofare® product. More than 40 million NutriBullet units have been sold worldwide, it's an Amazon best seller in a number of categories and even Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge and the wife of Prince William, is a big fan of NutriBullet. Capital Brands produces SuperFood formula mixes that it says is to help "give the consumer the best possible health benefits using only the best and most quality ingredients available." The company focuses on nutrient extraction in order to deliver the most nutrients possible from food and other ingredients to increase the health of people everywhere. Capital Brands has chosen Plandaí Biotechnology's Phytofare® as one of those quality ingredients it will deliver, and now some time next month Phytofare® is expected to be introduced to Capital Brands' retailers (Target, Kohl's, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Walmart, JC Penny, etc.) and to shoppers who use their website (nutriliving.com) as the active ingredient in SuperFood Fat Burning Boost®. This is a deal that should immediately give Plandaí credibility. After all, Plandaí invested many years of hard work into the development of Phytofare®, and having a worldwide brand that is well-known for using "only the best and most quality ingredients" in its products, speaks loudly to just how potent Phytofare® is. Capital Brands reformulating one of its SuperFood products to include Plandaí's Phytofare®, should also serve as confirmation for the many years of research and the human clinical trials that Plandaí conducted to prove that its product is highly bioavailable. Bioavailability is essentially the measure of how much of a drug or supplement is able to be absorbed into the bloodstream and how long it can remain there so that the body can realize its health benefits. In the case of Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex, Capital Brands obviously feels that the results will offer exactly what its customers want. A human clinical trial showed Plandaí's product offers 10 times more bioavailability than the commercially available extract it was compared to, and the results from the clinical trial, which was conducted in South Africa by North West University, have allowed Plandaí to advertise exactly what consumers are looking for -- a more potent green tea extract. Green tea's health benefits come from the 8 catechins, a type of antioxidant, found in the leaves of the tea plant. In Plandaí's clinical trial, all 8 of those catechins were present in the bloodstream versus only two found when participants consumed the commercial extract that was used in the clinical testing. Phytofare® also provided 5 times greater absorption of those catechins, and the clinical trial found that the life span of the catechin's molecules in the bloodstream was doubled in Phytofare®. When consumers shop for health products, they're looking for those that have proven themselves in clinical trials, and, in turn, can boast of higher bioavailability. Capital Brands has created a worldwide brand with that thinking in mind, and it's no mistake that the company has landed at Plandaí's door. The benefit to those using the Plandaí's Phytofare® Catechin Complex is that with higher bioavailability or absorption rate, the phytonutrients are in the bloodstream in greater quantities and for twice as long, and now as the company has become fully focused on sales and marketing, the credibility of this NutriBullet deal along with powerful clinical trial results, should help the company become extremely competitive in the market. About Stock Market Media Group Stock Market Media Group is a Content Development IR firm offering a platform for corporate stories to unfold in the media with research reports, corporate videos, CEO interviews and feature news articles. We may from time to time include our own opinions about our featured companies, their businesses, markets and opportunities. Any opinions we may offer are solely our own, and are made in reliance upon our rights under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and are provided solely for the general opinionated discussion of our readers and viewers. Our opinions should not be considered to be complete, precise, accurate, or current investment advice, or construed or interpreted as research. Any investment decisions you may make concerning any company are solely your responsibility based on your own due diligence. Our publications are provided only as an informational aid. We encourage you to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web site of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at: http://www.sec.gov. We also recommend as a general rule, that before investing in any securities you consult with a professional financial planner or advisor, and you should conduct a complete and independent investigation before investing in any security after prudent consideration of all pertinent risks. We are not a registered broker, dealer, analyst, or adviser. We hold no investment licenses and may not sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. Our publications are not a recommendation to buy or sell a security. Section 17(b) of the 1933 Securities and Exchange Act requires publishers who distribute information about publicly traded securities for compensation, to disclose who paid them, the amount, and the type of payment. In order to be in full compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), we are disclosing that SMMG is compensated $5,000 per month by Plandai Biotechnology for content development. Neither SMMG nor anyone associated with it owns shares in PLPL. For more information: www.stockmarketmediagroup.com. Contact Information Contact: Stock Market Media Group info@stockmarketmediagroup.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Plandai Biotechnology, Inc. From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure Medical and Healthcare Pharmaceuticals and Biotech Retail From this sub-industry Personal Care/Fitness Women's Interest Alternative Healthcare Health and Nutrition Clinical Trials Biotech Drugs Trials Consumer Interest See all RSS Newsfeeds   Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.plandaibiotech.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Scarsella, the Clark protester shooter, faces 19 years in jail at sentencing today Issues Brandt Williams · Minneapolis · Apr 26, 2017 Allen Scarsella and three other men, Daniel Macey, Joseph Backman and Nathan Gustavsson, left, at a protest outside the 4th Precinct the night of Nov. 23, 2015. Christopher Juhn for MPR News file Listen Story audio 4min 7sec Allen Scarsella, the Bloomington man convicted of shooting and wounding five men at a protest over the 2015 police killing of Jamar Clark, will be sentenced Wednesday. Scarsella, 25, faces more than a decade in prison. The shooting happened Nov. 23, 2015, a little over a week after Clark was shot and killed by a Minneapolis police officer. Clark's shooting set off weeks of protests, including an extended encampment outside the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis. Allen Scarsella Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Scarsella testified during his trial that he was not sympathetic to the protesters, so he went to the encampment site to make fun of them and record some video. When protesters chased him away down a dark street that night, Scarsella claimed he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and fired in self defense. During his trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Scarsella, who is white, was motivated by racial bias to shoot the protesters — who are all black. • 'If you're black, you're bad:' Old classmate describes protest shooter's attitudes The prosecution showed jurors a trail of racist text messages that Scarsella sent to his friends. In some cases, he referred to black people as chimps; another text message mentioned shooting "black guys;" he texted his girlfriend from a Wal-Mart complaining of "smelly brown people" at the store. Scarsella said he was joking and that the text messages were only meant to be shared with friends who knew he wasn't serious. Prosecutors also showed jurors a video made by Scarsella and a man named Julio Suarez a few days before the encampment shooting. In that video, both men were masked. Suarez held up a gun and said "we're locked and loaded." Suarez also said "stay white." After the video emerged online, Jamar Clark protest organizers were on heightened alert and began telling white people wearing masks at the encampment to show their faces. Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman said he wants the harshest sentence possible in the case — as much as 19 years. However, he said Scarsella will likely get somewhere between 12 and 17 years in prison. The shooting of the five protesters was the most violent incident to emerge from weeks of Black Lives Matter demonstrations against police. The shooting: by the numbers Paramedics tend to one of the victims the night of the shooting. Christopher Juhn for MPR News 2015 5 — Shooting victims Scarsella shot Teven King, 18; Draper Larkins, 38; Cameron Clark, 30; Walter Hoskins, 29; and Wesley Martin, 19. All ages are at the time of the shooting. • 'This will be a life issue forever': On eve of Scarsella's sentence, victim still feels wounds 8 — Shots fired by Scarsella Two bullets hit Hoskins — one in his back, the other broke his left femur. Clark took one bullet in his foot. Another narrowly missed a major artery in his left leg, according to the emergency room doctor who treated him. One bullet broke a bone in Larkins' right arm. Another bullet hit Martin below his left knee and passed through his lower leg. • Teven King's testimony: "I felt like I was going to die" King was shot in his abdomen. The emergency room doctor who treated him said King lost half of his circulatory blood supply. An eighth bullet penetrated the trunk of a red 1999 Mercury Cougar parked near the scene. 12 — Charges on which Scarsella has been found guilty • Five charges were for second-degree assault with a dangerous weapon — one for each of the five victims. • Five more charges for second-degree assault causing substantial bodily harm, a charge for each victim. • One charge of first-degree assault causing "great bodily harm" for the shooting of Teven King. • One charge for second-degree riot. 0 — Weapons found at the scene of the shooting Scarsella claimed he saw one of the men holding a shiny, metallic object before he drew his weapon and fired. Scarsella's friend Julio Suarez testified that on the night of the shooting, Scarsella told him he saw one of the men produce a gun, but told Suarez he "beat him on the draw." 519 — Days Scarsella has spent in jail That's between the day he was arrested, Nov. 24, 2015, and the day of his sentencing. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Victim still feels wounds on Scarsella sentencing day 14 hours ago Next Judge cites Trump's comment in 'sanctuary city' ruling 12 hours ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 7:31 AM · Apr 26, 2017 About the author Brandt Williams • Reporter bwilliams@mpr.org • @brandtmpr Brandt Williams is a reporter with MPR News' metro unit. Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2 Charts Show Why Amazon is the Next Trillion-Dollar Company Could AMZN Stock Be the Next Trillion-Dollar Stock? Investment maestro Warren Buffett was on CNBC and lamenting what could possibly be the biggest miss of his investment career. “Obviously, I should have bought it a long time ago,” said the billionaire investment guru. “It is one I missed big time.” Anybody would feel bitter about losing the golden opportunity of owning what’s touted to be the next trillion-dollar company. At least, that’s the idea you get from the Amazon stock chart. “Generation Z” will always find it hard to swallow that tech behemoth Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) first opened its doors as a modest online bookstore. To them, Amazon is the biggest e-commerce company in the world, killing traditional retailers (hint: Wal-Mart Stores Inc [NYSE:WMT], Target Corporation [NYSE:TGT]). And it is the biggest cloud computing company, hurting long-established software companies (hint: Microsoft Corporation [NASDAQ:MSFT], Oracle Corporation [NYSE:ORCL], International Business Machines Corp. [NYSE:IBM]). It is also the only retailer that owns its own planes, ships, drones, and trucks for delivery and is now keeping conventional delivery companies on their toes (hint: United Parcel Service, Inc. [NYSE:UPS], FedEx Corporation [NYSE:FDX]). Believe it or not, it is also one of the most affordable hardware manufacturers that competes in quality with premium smartphones and tablets (hint: Apple Inc. [NASDAQ:AAPL], Google-parent Alphabet Inc [NASDAQ:GOOG]). Wait, wait! Its streaming service that hosts Oscar-nominated original content is likewise the biggest threat to top streamers (hint: Netflix, Inc. [NASDAQ:NFLX], Hulu, LLC). And the list goes on, and on, and on. Amazon is omnipresent! It is everywhere and hurting everybody. For rivals, the writing is there on the wall: Amazon could easily become the first trillion-dollar company, beating Apple to the finish line in this final lap. Sounds far-fetched? Okay, I know that the trillion-dollar mark is a long shot for an average company trading around $400.0 billion. But let’s be fair; Amazon is no average company, nor is AMZN stock. And I have reasons to back that claim. For starters, no average company can boast a mind-boggling exponential growth rate comparable to Amazon’s. Secondly, Amazon’s competitive advantage is peculiar. I define what Buffett calls the “economic moat” of Amazon in just two words. Yes, two words! Jeff Bezos! He’s the man building rockets for space tourism to put us earthlings into space. No kidding! But we know him better, not for Blue Origin, but for the stunning Amazonian (pun intended) empire that he single-handedly built from the ground up. Bezos’ business mantra at Amazon has never been a secret. In fact, he has it written down for everybody to read in his company’s mission statement. It is something that oddly sets his company apart from all others in the race.  He aimed for Amazon to be a customer-centric company that could sell just about anything customers wanted. On a cursory look, nothing about that seems extraordinary. But wait until I tell you Bezos’ peculiar modus operandi to make this possible.  Think about this: what is the primary motive of any business? Maximizing profits, right? Not for Amazon! Bezos pushed that business motive to the back-burner and instead put his customers up front. How? By slicing down margins razor thin. That was the first half of his mission. Bezos saw an opportunity in his competitors’ wider margins, who were keeping cost of sales low and selling high. But for Bezos, narrow margins became Amazon’s best defense against competition. By offering customers the cheapest alternative, Amazon effectively disrupted the brick-and-mortar retail industry. For reference, Amazon lost an astounding $3.0 billion in just the first seven years of business. Back in the 1990s, those losses would have given any average businessman nightmares. But Bezos had a firm hand on the tiller, making this a part of his grand plan. Long story short: Amazon didn’t make money for years and yet managed to become the world’s biggest “e-tailer”—all on the back of its stalwart customer base that gladly migrated from “bricks to clicks.” The biggest winners were, of course, the holders of Amazon stock. Then came the second half of the mission—that is, to make available to customers anything they were looking for, so that they never returned empty-handed from Amazon. To that end, Bezos started getting his hands dirty in virtually anything for which he saw even the slightest of demand. Putting it in Bezos’s words: “If you decide that you’re going to do only the things you know are going to work, you’re going to leave a lot of opportunity on the table.” These words underscore Amazon’s experimental ventures into consumer electronics, television streaming, same-day delivery logistics, artificial intelligence, augmented reality, drone technology, and so on and so forth.   In fact, the company has introduced roughly two new product lines to its platform every year for over a decade. And it is evident that there have been more successes than failures. This is exactly why its revenue chart looks like this—a rock-steady skyward ascension. No other retailer, I repeat, no other retailer boasts revenue growth like Amazon’s.  (Source: “Annual net revenue of Amazon from 2006 to 2016, by region (in billion U.S. dollars),” Statista, last accessed April 25, 2017.) What’s more, even if you put all major retailers together, yet they can’t beat AMZN stock in valuation. Why Amazon Could Be a Trillion-Dollar Company It’s crystal clear that Amazon is now in the front rank. But where does it go from here? How does Amazon stock hit the one-trillion mark? The answer to that can be found in its revenue breakdown—where a new business segment has emerged as a potential driver of its future growth. Before getting to that, let’s first revisit its core business of e-commerce, where Amazon leads the pack. On average, Amazon has seen net sales grow between 20% and 25% in past quarters. If it maintains that growth, the company could easily cross $300.0 billion in annual retail revenue in the next five years. Given the fact that e-commerce only accounts for 10% of total sales in the U.S., Amazon has more than enough room to grow its share. Coming to its new segment—the cloud computing arm of Amazon called Amazon Web Services (AWS) is now gaining ground on Amazon’s revenue pie chart. This segment grew 47% in the last quarter alone and prior quarter growths likewise hovered around 50%. Even by conservative estimates, AWS annual revenue is expected to cross $50.0 billion in the next five years. The reason behind its stratospheric rise is its dominance in the cloud market. AWS beats bigwigs like Microsoft, Google, and IBM in the race. Below is a chart that shows how Amazon is maintaining its top spot. Amazon Stock Predictions: Should You Invest in AMZN Stock Right Now? Now, if you are still wondering why Buffett regrets missing the boat on AMZN stock, then just take a quick glance at the AMZN stock price chart below. The stock, on average, gained a staggering 2,000% every 10 years since it began trading. Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com If you’ve read through my thesis above, you don’t have to be an experienced analyst to see where the stock is headed next. But if you still want me to say it in plain words, then I’m seeing it heading further up north in the years to come. However, you must stay aware that we’re approaching the final showdown between Apple, Google, and Amazon, where each one is now gunning for digital supremacy. Each one of them is building its own ecosystem that’s vertically and horizontally integrated so that consumers never leave their platform. And while “iOS” and “Android” control the market with their operating systems, Amazon is creating its own niche of loyal customers that’s ever-growing.  In a nutshell, Amazon is growing like a weed and savvy investors may stand a chance of a second bite at this cherry if they act timely. I’m all for AMZN stock. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAmazon Stock, AMZN Stock, Ecommerce, Jeff Bezos, News, Stock Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Form 8 (DD) – Standard Life PLC Next PostNext Extension of Term of Loan note Search Recent Posts Well maintained properties make good sense Hotel sector gears up for big July – conference and awards ASML Affirms 2020 Growth Opportunity ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 50° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy early with partial sunshine expected late. High 67F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Low 54F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 27, 2017 @ 1:43 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Oct. 28, 2009, file photo, a Tyson Foods, Inc., truck is parked at a food warehouse in Little Rock, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) Tyson Foods eyes higher wages as U.S. labor market tightens By Tom Polansek Reuters 21 hrs ago (…) In this Wednesday, Oct. 28, 2009, file photo, a Tyson Foods, Inc., truck is parked at a food warehouse in Little Rock, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) The Associated Press CHICAGO • Tyson Foods Inc., the biggest U.S. chicken company, said on Wednesday it may raise wages again for workers at all of its poultry plants, a sign of an intensifying battle for employees in a tightening labor market. The increases would come after Arkansas-based Tyson boosted base wages for poultry workers by between 3 and 3.5 percent in November, said Hector Gonzalez, vice president for human resources operations. The base rate is a pay level workers can reach after finishing a probationary period. Under a pilot program, Tyson gave workers at one poultry plant a bigger increase in November and further raised pay at another facility in January, Gonzalez said. The company will evaluate how those increases help attract and retain workers and affect their performance, he said. "The pool of available labor is shrinking," Gonzalez said. Employers are competing for workers as the number of Americans on unemployment rolls has dropped to a 17-year low. Last year, companies including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., a Tyson customer, raised wages for hourly workers under pressure from the competitive job market and labor groups calling for higher wages at retail chains. Tyson rivals Sanderson Farms Inc. and Pilgrim's Pride Corp. did not respond to requests for comment about wages. Asked whether Tyson would pass on the cost for higher wages to customers, Gonzalez said the increases were an investment that executives "hope to get back in a lot of ways, particularly through operational efficiencies." At some facilities, Tyson is "looking for a dramatic improvement in the numbers of quality applicants to help staff our plants and avoid creating a scenario where we can't meet the demand of our customers," he said. Tyson said it did not have an estimate for the cost of the wage increases. Who's hired? Check our People in Business See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how St. Louis stocks are faring In January, the company raised the starting wage at one union-represented poultry plant to $12 per hour from $10 and the base rate to $14 from $11.70. In November, employees at a separate plant saw the starting wage rise to $13 from $10 and the base rate rise to $15 from $11.65, Tyson said. That increase was made in lieu of the 3 to 3.5 percent increases at other plants. Tyson declined to give the locations of the two plants. The company has also shortened the time for workers at the plants to reach the base rate to six months from a year, Gonzalez said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Wednesday, Oct. 28, 2009, file photo, a Tyson Foods, Inc., truck is parked at a food warehouse in Little Rock, Ark.  (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) The Associated Press Tags Wage Work Worker View (…) comments Most popular H-1B visa changes could actually help U.S. tech firms Loss of biggest client could mean job cuts at Express Scripts Residents crowd meeting to speak out against potential loss of Chesterfield mobile home park Chesterfield Mobile Home Park developer: 'Am I going to do it, is someone else going to do it?' 2 AT&T sky bridges to be demolished in downtown St. Louis Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Stifel reinstates cash bonuses for executives Stock indexes wobble as White House unveils tax plan Boeing's sales fall as company delivers fewest jets since 2014 Twitter surprises by adding new users, sends shares soaring United States Steel shares tumble on dismal results Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Sign up and learn from the professionals! Enter each week to win curb-appealing prizes! Sample award-winning wines from across the region paired with dishes from top area restaurants at Feast’s wine social. Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Scarsella, the Clark protester shooter, faces 19 years in jail at sentencing today Issues Brandt Williams · Minneapolis · Apr 26, 2017 Allen Scarsella and three other men, Daniel Macey, Joseph Backman and Nathan Gustavsson, left, at a protest outside the 4th Precinct the night of Nov. 23, 2015. Christopher Juhn for MPR News file Listen Story audio 4min 7sec Allen Scarsella, the Bloomington man convicted of shooting and wounding five men at a protest over the 2015 police killing of Jamar Clark, will be sentenced Wednesday. Scarsella, 25, faces more than a decade in prison. The shooting happened Nov. 23, 2015, a little over a week after Clark was shot and killed by a Minneapolis police officer. Clark's shooting set off weeks of protests, including an extended encampment outside the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis. Allen Scarsella Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Scarsella testified during his trial that he was not sympathetic to the protesters, so he went to the encampment site to make fun of them and record some video. When protesters chased him away down a dark street that night, Scarsella claimed he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and fired in self defense. During his trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Scarsella, who is white, was motivated by racial bias to shoot the protesters — who are all black. • 'If you're black, you're bad:' Old classmate describes protest shooter's attitudes The prosecution showed jurors a trail of racist text messages that Scarsella sent to his friends. In some cases, he referred to black people as chimps; another text message mentioned shooting "black guys;" he texted his girlfriend from a Wal-Mart complaining of "smelly brown people" at the store. Scarsella said he was joking and that the text messages were only meant to be shared with friends who knew he wasn't serious. Prosecutors also showed jurors a video made by Scarsella and a man named Julio Suarez a few days before the encampment shooting. In that video, both men were masked. Suarez held up a gun and said "we're locked and loaded." Suarez also said "stay white." After the video emerged online, Jamar Clark protest organizers were on heightened alert and began telling white people wearing masks at the encampment to show their faces. Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman said he wants the harshest sentence possible in the case — as much as 19 years. However, he said Scarsella will likely get somewhere between 12 and 17 years in prison. The shooting of the five protesters was the most violent incident to emerge from weeks of Black Lives Matter demonstrations against police. The shooting: by the numbers Paramedics tend to one of the victims the night of the shooting. Christopher Juhn for MPR News 2015 5 — Shooting victims Scarsella shot Teven King, 18; Draper Larkins, 38; Cameron Clark, 30; Walter Hoskins, 29; and Wesley Martin, 19. All ages are at the time of the shooting. • 'This will be a life issue forever': On eve of Scarsella's sentence, victim still feels wounds 8 — Shots fired by Scarsella Two bullets hit Hoskins — one in his back, the other broke his left femur. Clark took one bullet in his foot. Another narrowly missed a major artery in his left leg, according to the emergency room doctor who treated him. One bullet broke a bone in Larkins' right arm. Another bullet hit Martin below his left knee and passed through his lower leg. • Teven King's testimony: "I felt like I was going to die" King was shot in his abdomen. The emergency room doctor who treated him said King lost half of his circulatory blood supply. An eighth bullet penetrated the trunk of a red 1999 Mercury Cougar parked near the scene. 12 — Charges on which Scarsella has been found guilty • Five charges were for second-degree assault with a dangerous weapon — one for each of the five victims. • Five more charges for second-degree assault causing substantial bodily harm, a charge for each victim. • One charge of first-degree assault causing "great bodily harm" for the shooting of Teven King. • One charge for second-degree riot. 0 — Weapons found at the scene of the shooting Scarsella claimed he saw one of the men holding a shiny, metallic object before he drew his weapon and fired. Scarsella's friend Julio Suarez testified that on the night of the shooting, Scarsella told him he saw one of the men produce a gun, but told Suarez he "beat him on the draw." 519 — Days Scarsella has spent in jail That's between the day he was arrested, Nov. 24, 2015, and the day of his sentencing. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Victim still feels wounds on Scarsella sentencing day 14 hours ago Next Judge cites Trump's comment in 'sanctuary city' ruling 12 hours ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 7:31 AM · Apr 26, 2017 About the author Brandt Williams • Reporter bwilliams@mpr.org • @brandtmpr Brandt Williams is a reporter with MPR News' metro unit. Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Partners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register April 27th, 2017 Menu Home News Canada 150 Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Home efficiency rebates start Friday Poll Should Canada fight fire with fire by imposing large tariffs of its own on incoming U.S. products? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Gillian Slade on April 26, 2017. 00000 gslade@medicinehatnews.com  @MHNGillianSlade Instant rebates at stores when Albertans purchase a range of high-efficiency home products will take effect Friday. From April 28 to June 11 there will be instant rebates such as $30 off a programmable thermostat, and anything from $2 to $100 on items such as LED lighting, motion sensors, water saving devices and smart power bars, the provincial government announced on Tuesday. The rebates will be available from a range of retail outlets across the province including Canadian Tire, Best Buy, Co-op, Costco, Home Depot, Home Hardware, London Drugs, Peavey Mart, Rona, Sears, Visions Electronics and Walmart. A full list of all participating retail stores and details of the rebates is available online. “Our government is helping Albertans save and making life more affordable. Energy efficiency is creating jobs and a new industry while putting money in Albertans’ pockets,” said Environment Minister Shannon Phillips. During the life span of these energy-efficient products, the government’s investment will deliver $45.4 million in cost savings on utility bills for participating households. The government’s investment of $8.5 million from the carbon tax in the Residential Retail Products Program will generate nearly 250,000 gigajoules of saved energy, said Phillips. This is equal to the energy needs of 1,675 homes for a one-year period. This produces more than 307,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalents, which is roughly equal to removing 41,000 personal vehicles from the road for one year. Eligible products include a $3 rebate on LED Lighting (A-line) ENERGY STAR¨ certified, single pack, $15 on LED fixtures and LED recessed downlight fixtures, $30 on a programmable thermostat, $4 on a lighting dimmer, $5 on a hardwired motion sensor, $18 on a smart power bar, $12 on an outdoor clothesline, from $2 to $17 on low flow faucets and showerheads. From April 28 rebates between $75 and $100 are also available online on certain refrigerators and washing machines. A home improvement rebate includes up to $3,500 for insulation in the attic above grade walls and basements, up to $1500 on ENERGYSTAR Triple Glaze, Low-E, Argon windows, and on ENERGYSTAR tankless hot water heaters. A second six-week retail campaign will be offered in the fall. There are three components to Energy Efficiency Alberta’s Residential Retail Products Program: Home Improvement Rebates where you can buy eligible products and have them installed by a certified contractor to receive rebates. Instant rebates where you can receive instant point-of-sale rebates on eligible products and online rebates for certain items such as clothes washing machines. And refrigerators that meet certain criteria. Find more information at https://www.efficiencyalberta.ca/ There is also funding available at the municipal level through HatSmart. You can receive up to $500 depending on the level of R-Value for attic insulation, half the cost up to a maximum of $500 on drain water heat recovery and $1,000 per kW to a maximum of $5,000 for solar electric. Rebates are available to all City of Medicine Hat residential utility customers. There are new requirements for attic insulation and the solar electric rebate application process. The deadline for applications is Jan, 5, 2018. All programs are first come, first served, before funding runs out. Visit http://www.hatsmart.ca or call 403-502-8799 for more information on the current level of remaining funds under the 2017 HAT Smart program. 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Skip to main content Top Menu Mobile Apps ePaper Login Subscribe Now Kingston Thu | Apr 27, 2017 Search Menu Main menu Home Lead Stories News Sports Entertainment Business Letters Commentary Flair Health Food Secondary Menu World News Lifestyle In Focus Auto Social Outlook Shipping Western Focus Art & Leisure Blogs Jobs Radio Classifieds Mobile version Subscribe to this feed Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Cedella Marley to launch cannabis cookbook Published:Wednesday | April 26, 2017 | 4:00 AMSteven Jackson Photo Video Chief executive officer at Tuff Gong International Cedella Marley will be launching a marijuana cookbook, which becomes the latest weed venture by the Marley family. The planned release is set for July 25 this year and demonstrates the quick-fire entry of the Marleys into the changing marijuana landscape in the United States where many of them live. The book, authored by Cedella Marley and Raquel Pelzel, combines the brand appeal of the iconic Marleys with the backing of top publisher Pam Krauss/Avery, a non-fiction arm of the Penguin Group. Additionally, it will utilise the top online selling platforms of Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Books-A-Million, HudsonBooksellers, IndieBound, Powell's, Target and Walmart. Last week, Cedella Marley said that the buyers can pre-order the 240-page book. which will retail for roughly US$30. "Fulljoy, my new cookbook Cooking with Herb," tweeted Cedella Marley, the first-born daughter of reggae singers Bob and Rita Marley. She added that 75 recipes were on offer allowing patrons to experience what she termed the 'Marley Natural Lifestyle'. Gleaner Business tried unsuccessfully to contact her for comments. 'CLEAN, GREEN, HEALTHY' The blurb on the book said it shows how cannabis can be part of a "clean, green, healthy life"and shares tips for "first-time users and marijuana devotees" on how they can use it to spice up beloved dishes. In addition to heading Tuff Gong, which started as a record label by the late reggae icon Bob Marley, Cedella has also authored a children's book titled One Love taken from one of her father's hit songs. She is also a designer, singer and entrepreneur. "She guides readers on the questions they should ask at dispensaries, offers insights on today's more potent weed, demystifies the process behind controlling the dosage of cannabis in edibles, and shares a collection of more than 75 Caribbean-inflected, cannabis-boosted recipes," added the blurb, which also shares advice on how to use marijuana as a beauty scrub, for hair treatment and yoga meditation. Last February, the Marley Group of Companies, backed by a venture capital firm, licensed its name to create Marley Natural, a United States-based company which sells herb and accessories. Another Marley sibling, Damian, launched his own cannabis line called Stony Hill, which raised US$750,000 in capital. steven.jackson@gleanerjm.com «World Bank says remittance growth only seen in Caribbean Justices turn away GM appeal over ignition switches» View the discussion thread. More Business Email this story Print this page E-mail the editor More Stories Stocks hold steady ahead of tax-plan announcement Jamaica among designated recipients ... New remittance transfer fees to fund Trump's wall CEOs expect business conditions to worsen in 12 months Healthy profits push stocks higher yet, Nasdaq crosses 6,000 After S&P downgrade ... T&T bankers want discussion on economic growth Barbados objects to money laundering label Wells Fargo faces shareholders, protesters at annual meeting World Bank says remittance growth only seen in Caribbean Justices turn away GM appeal over ignition switches Caribbean looking to UAE to boost tourism sector Videos For more videos click here. Latest Blogs Twitter Thoughts Part 2 Dancehall vs Soca vs Noise Twitter Thoughts Part 1 The Generation Gap Why aren't there more 'free' offers CIRCUIT RACING CARNIVAL OF SPEED WHEN EMOTIONS ATTACK CIRCUIT RACING FRACTIOUS FOOD FIGHT AT DOVER Part 2 Top jobs Table of Contents The Gleaner Archives Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now Library: Research and Assistance Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present Gleaner Your Way Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile Newsletter: Get headline news RSS Feeds Gallery Games Videos Gleaner Company Websites The Star Gleaner Classifieds Go Jamaica Hospitality Jamaica Gleaner Extra (N. America) Youthlink Voice UK Gleaner Company Websites Business Directory Restaurant Week Discover Jamaica Go Jamaica Hosting First Look Sports Jamaica diGJamaica Weather Gleaner Links Our Products Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Suggestion Subscription Terms and Conditions Submit a Letter Privacy Policy RJR Gleaner Merger Q&A Copyright © 2017 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 30-61 We set you thinking Thursday 27 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream China&India Chinese restaurant staff jailed for cooking with ‘gutter oil’ 1493276160 Business Oil prices fall on lingering oversupply concerns 1493275801 Singapore Free MRT rides on Tuas West Extension on June 16 1493263860 Singapore Youths taking liberal view of drugs has grown by 5 percentage points: Survey 1493265480 Singapore Apply for passports early to avoid long waiting times, ICA advises ahead of June holidays 1493266860 World Israel strikes arms depot near Syrian capital's airport: sources 1493275291 Sports Muay Thai queen Istela Nunes relishes underdog status in One title fight with Angela Lee 1493189040 World Red Bull heir a no-show in deadly hit-and-run case 1493269980 Sports Brushing aside tennis ban, Sharapova returns to winning ways 1493275200 Business Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House 1493274717 Sports Ahead of FAS elections, Team LKT canvasses for support to rescue scandal-hit local football 1493236920 Singapore Singapore expected to grow 1-3% despite global economic uptick: MAS 1493265660 World Red Bull heir seeks another delay in alleged hit-and-run 1493275007 World U.S., South Korea warn defiant North against new provocation 1493274533 Business United Airlines CEO answers lawmakers on passenger dragging incident 1493273520 Entertainment ‘Tremendous’ Trump impersonator wins contest to host fake news show 1493273760 World Germany's poor hold key to election as inequality grows 1493273837 World In Muslim Indonesia, tiny Jewish community lives on 1493272560 Business United to offer passengers up to US$10,000 to surrender seats 1493269440 World Sanctions short-circuit Russia's electricity plans for annexed Crimea 1493273234 Business Samsung Elec flags stronger second quarter; Elliott welcomes share cancellation 1493273013 World Hong Kong widens crackdown, arrest 9 more activists 1493273207 Sports Bouchard wants ‘cheater’ Sharapova banned for life 1493272917 World Israeli strike hits Iranian arms supply depot in Damascus: source 1493272083 World China aviation regulator says renegotiating airworthiness agreement with U.S. 1493270574 Business China, Europe pledge closer aviation ties ahead of landmark jet launch 1493270323 Business Shares in Japan's Takata suspended after report on bankruptcy plan 1493269585 World Civilian casualties decline slightly in Afghanistan: U.N. report 1493269233 World Hong Kong police arrest more political activists: parties 1493269398 Daily Focus Humans lived in North America 130,000 years ago, study claims 1493269309 World Mongolian media goes dark to protest press freedom threat 1493268655 Business Takata says it is in talks with KSS on restructuring 1493267141 World Push for South China Sea code stirs ASEAN suspicions about Beijing's endgame 1493261440 Business Judge says Exxon owes $19.95 million for Texas refinery pollution 1493264842 Singapore Greater support for PMETs entering the manufacturing industry 1493263920 Business Mexico president agrees with Trump on 'convenience' of not ending NAFTA 1493264367 Business China coal miner said to be amongst bidders for telco M1 1493264160 World Illegal and exotic meats on Sabah’s menus 1493264208 Singapore SkillsFuture Credit claims to be paid to training providers to curb abuse 1493220180 Business Asian shares retreat from highs on doubts over Trump tax plan 1493263547 Singapore Man gets 16 weeks’ jail for taking upskirt photos, videos of flatmate in shower 1493236920 Business Singapore clinches top spot as global maritime capital for third consecutive time 1493213460 World Why South Korea is debating US anti-missile system 1493257860 Singapore Job hunting? 'Employability ambassadors' are here to help 1493236920 Commentary Why reporting every security incident matters 1493236920 World Islamic State developing new weapons despite losses: arms monitor 1493217180 World Internet-related rapes involving minors in Malaysia rose 300 per cent in five years 1493257560 China&India China towers over Asian navies with new carrier launch 1493236920 Singapore Woman run over by husband’s car was ‘well-loved’ MOM officer 1493236920 Singapore Toa Payoh couple arrested: Experts caution against lynch-mob mentality 1493236920 Business Tyson Foods eyes higher wages as U.S. labor market tightens Tyson food meat products are shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:20 PM, April 26, 2017 CHICAGO - Tyson Foods Inc <TSN.N>, the biggest U.S. chicken company, said on Wednesday it may raise wages again for workers at all of its poultry plants, a sign of an intensifying battle for employees in a tightening labor market. The increases would come after Arkansas-based Tyson boosted base wages for poultry workers by between 3 and 3.5 percent in November, said Hector Gonzalez, vice president for human resources operations. The base rate is a pay level workers can reach after finishing a probationary period. Under a pilot program, Tyson gave workers at one poultry plant a bigger increase in November and further raised pay at another facility in January, Gonzalez said. The company will evaluate how those increases help attract and retain workers and affect their performance, he said. "The pool of available labor is shrinking," Gonzalez said. Employers are competing for workers as the number of Americans on unemployment rolls has dropped to a 17-year low. Last year, companies including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, a Tyson customer, raised wages for hourly workers under pressure from the competitive job market and labor groups calling for higher wages at retail chains. Tyson rivals Sanderson Farms Inc <SAFM.O> and Pilgrim's Pride Corp <PPC.O> did not respond to requests for comment about wages. Asked whether Tyson would pass on the cost for higher wages to customers, Gonzalez said the increases were an investment that executives "hope to get back in a lot of ways, particularly through operational efficiencies." At some facilities, Tyson is "looking for a dramatic improvement in the numbers of quality applicants to help staff our plants and avoid creating a scenario where we can't meet the demand of our customers," he said. Tyson said it did not have an estimate for the cost of the wage increases. In January, the company raised the starting wage at one union-represented poultry plant to $12 per hour from $10 and the base rate to $14 from $11.70. In November, employees at a separate plant saw the starting wage rise to $13 from $10 and the base rate rise to $15 from $11.65, Tyson said. That increase was made in lieu of the 3 to 3.5 percent increases at other plants. Tyson declined to give the locations of the two plants. The company has also shortened the time for workers at the plants to reach the base rate to six months from a year, Gonzalez said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors ‘Nurturing workers key for future economy’ World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans World Bank Group, China-led AIIB agree to deepen cooperation White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo has satisfactory 'living will' plan: Fed Wells Fargo expands settlement to include more customer accounts Wells Fargo board pays price for letting whistleblowers whistle in the wind Wells Fargo board gets black eye in shareholder vote Inside Today World Israel strikes arms depot near Syrian capital's airport: sources Red Bull heir seeks another delay in alleged hit-and-run U.S., South Korea warn defiant North against new provocation Germany's poor hold key to election as inequality grows ‘Tremendous’ Trump impersonator wins contest to host fake news show Business Oil prices fall on lingering oversupply concerns Trump tells Canada, Mexico, he won't terminate NAFTA treaty yet: White House United Airlines CEO answers lawmakers on passenger dragging incident Samsung Elec flags stronger second quarter; Elliott welcomes share cancellation China, Europe pledge closer aviation ties ahead of landmark jet launch Sports Brushing aside tennis ban, Sharapova returns to winning ways Bouchard wants ‘cheater’ Sharapova banned for life Ahead of FAS elections, Team LKT canvasses for support to rescue scandal-hit local football Never mind the UFC, we’re just focused on making our events better: ONE CEO Victor Cui Sports School bowlers get special mention from PM Lee for selfless act Entertainment ‘Tremendous’ Trump impersonator wins contest to host fake news show Britney Spears to perform in Singapore on June 30 Want to drink Nathan Hartono’s Milo Peng? Lion City Kia Shigga Shay set to rock the Padang Madonna angered by unauthorised biopic About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Sheriff’s Office Asks for Public’s Help Identifying Theft & Fraud Suspects April 26, 2017 On Monday, December 5, 2016, at 11 p.m., the suspects used the victim’s stolen credit card to make several large purchases at the Prince Frederick Walmart located at 150 Solomons Island Road in Calvert County. Anyone with information about the identity of the suspects and/or this incident is asked to contact Cpl. Corcoran of the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office  at 301-475-4200, ext. *8011. Anyone with information can also call CRIME SOLVERS at 301.475.3333 or text a tip to “TIP239” plus your message to “CRIMES” (274637). Or call the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office Duty Officer at 301-475-8008 St. Mary’s County CRIME SOLVERS offers rewards up to $1,000 for information about a crime in St. Mary’s County that leads to an arrest or indictment. Calls to CRIME SOLVERS are NOT RECORDED. CALLERS CAN REMAIN ANONYMOUS.   This entry was posted on April 26, 2017 at 1:32 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Crime Solvers, Law Enforcement, More News, St. Mary's News, St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 2 Responses to Sheriff’s Office Asks for Public’s Help Identifying Theft & Fraud Suspects Anonymous on April 26, 2017 at 7:18 am Junkies? Even if they aren’t they are POS thieves. Reply ID Please on April 26, 2017 at 2:13 pm So, besides these two thugs, this crime could have been prevented if the Walmart cashier asked for their identification and checked it against the name on the credit card. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives April 2017 (236) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Elections Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Man, woman accused of taking $3,000 of baby formula from Rowlett stores Filed under Rowlett at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Z. Cardona, Breaking News Producer Connect with Claire Z. Cardona On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Rowlett police are looking for a man and woman accused of taking more than $3,000 worth of baby formula from stores this month.  On three days, the man and woman went to Tom Thumb and Neighborhood Wal-Mart stores in Rowlett and took the formula, police said.  They fled in a black Ford F150 with an extended cab. In the last of the three incidents, the license plates had been removed, police said.  The woman is described as 5-6 or 5-7 with a light complexion. She weighs between 175 and 190 pounds, has dark hair and was wearing a T-shirt that said "BIG," blue shorts and brown sandals.  The man is 5-9 or 5-10 and weighs 180 to 190 pounds. He has dark hair, a goatee, and was wearing a Dallas Mavericks T-shirt, dark pants and white sneakers. Anyone with information is asked to call the Rowlett police criminal investigations division at 972-412-6220. Rowlett police are searching for a man and woman suspected of taking more than $3,000 in baby formula from area stores in April.  Rowlett Police Department Rowlett police are searching for a man and woman suspected of taking more than $3,000 in baby formula from area stores in April. (Rowlett Police Department) Rowlett police are searching for a man and woman suspected of taking more than $3,000 in baby formula from area stores in April. They fled in a black Ford F150 with extended cab that had the license plates removed during one incident. (Rowlett Police Department) Rowlett police are searching for a man and woman suspected of taking more than $3,000 in baby formula from area stores in April. (Rowlett Police Department) View Comments Tags Rowlett News Crime Texas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Resilience Building a world of resilient communities Get Resilience delivered daily Resilience.org email bulletins Daily digest of articles Weekly email of Energy articles Weekly email of Economy articles Weekly email of Food & Water articles Weekly email of Environment articles Weekly email of Society articles Homepage News & Views All Recent Articles Energy Economy Environment Food & Water Society Featured Voices Learn Think Resilience PCI Products Other Resources Act Inspiration Resources Think Resilience About About Resilience Team FAQs Contact Donate Home Energy Appropriate Civilization versus New Despotism, month 3, 21st March – 20th April 2017 By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog April 25, 2017 5 4 As ever, I hope that a precis of one individual’s experience and interpretation of emerging history will be helpful to the many without the hours I have available each week – after a little engaging as a minor player in some of the theatres of war – for observing, studying, and trying to join dots. I cover seven themes that, while not comprehensive, span critical elements of the great global drama. Here is a short summary of each this month. Climate action: Trump endeavours to dig a little coal  President Trump moved to dismantle President Obama’s climate legacy with an executive order that seeks to dismantle the Clean Power Plan. Within a week, 17 US states filed a legal challenge. China immediately pledged to uphold its Paris climate commitments, including considerable efforts not to use coal, accusing the US of “selfish” behaviour. The EU joined the pushback. Miguel Árias Cañete, the EU’s climate action commissioner, said: “The continued leadership of the EU, China and many other major economies is now more important than ever. When it comes to climate and the global clean energy transition, there cannot be vacuums, there can only be drivers, and we are committed to driving this agenda forward.” Fine sentiments. But whereas China can point to policies consistent with its rhetoric, unfortunately the same cannot be said of much EU national policymaking, as things stand. Among EU states, only Sweden, Germany and France are pursuing goals consistent with the Paris target of 40% cuts in carbon emissions by 2030, according to a study by Carbon Market Watch. As ever, much will depend on industry, and one encouraging development this month was a pledge by Eurelectric, a trade body which represents 3,500 utilities with a combined value of over €200 billion, vowing no new investments in coal plants after 2020. Among the 28 EU countries, only Polish and Greek companies did not join the initiative. Energy transition: Fast, but not fast enough Record new renewable power capacity was added in 2016, UNEP figures showed: 138 gigawatts of it, up 9% despite investment falling by a worrying 23%. Renewables now provide 11.3% of global electricity. New global solar capacity outpaced wind, IRENA reported, by 71 to 51 gigawatts. Solar in California exceeded 50% of supply, for the first time ever, causing a net market oversupply resulting in a short interval of negative wholesale prices. Costs of renewables keep falling. GTM Research predicts that solar will drop below two cents per kilowatt hour in 2017. Offshore wind is the latest renewable to defy predictions. EnBW and Dong won offshore wind tenders in the North Sea with the first subsidy-free bids. Moody’s reported that wind is now cheaper to install new than coal is to operate in 58 power plants across 15 Midwestern states, at $20 a megawatt versus $30. Trump told a rally in Kentucky that “the miners are coming back”. But they aren’t. Not even top US coal boss Robert Murray expects that, in the face of real contemporary economics. As for US renewables companies, they were professing this month that their industries will thrive even without the Clean Power Plan. Their confidence is rooted in record solar installation and above average wind installation in 2016, plus federally agreed tax credits that would be difficult for the Trump administration to dismantle. The news was also broadly good for EVs this month, with Tesla meeting production targets and its shares soaring to an all time high, for a while making it the most valuable car company in America. Meanwhile Big Oil, facing predictions of significant demand destruction by EVs within just years, is struggling to break even. Most of the oil majors didn’t even cover their costs in 2016, a Wall Street Journal analysis showed, despite a rising oil price. Some oil companies say American shale will help save them. But of the three main oil-producing shale belts, production has already peaked in two. The oil industry loves to taunt its critics with the mantra that “peak oil is dead”. For some players, it is clearly not the case. Mexico’s proved oil reserves have declined by more than a third since 2013. This month its National Hydrocarbons Commission country warned that the country will run out of oil in less than nine years if there are no new discoveries. What an incentive fast oil depletion like that must be to build a clean-energy economy fast, never mind climate change. (More on this in my keynote to the MIREC renewables congress in Mexico City on 10th May). And there are many other stand-out non-climate incentives around our troubled world, from air pollution to risk of stranded assets. But new figures showed that clean energy investment dropped 17% in the first quarter of 2017. Tech for Good: Evidence of effort Advances in artificial intelligence and robotics outpace even those in clean energy, and continue to be used in many ways for the betterment of society. But evidence that they have profound downsides was everywhere this month. YouTube and Google’s use of algorithms to automatically match ads with content is the basis for widespread criticism that they fed the spread of fake news in the crucial months running up to both the Brexit vote and Trump’s election, much of it orchestrated by a well organised nationalist-right dark-propaganda network. The two companies ran into further, related, trouble, with big name advertisers boycotting them for posting ads next to racist and other offensive content. The boycotters included such diverse actors as AT&T, the BBC, the British government, PepsiCo, Starbucks, Verizon, and WalMart. Google responded quickly, saying it was in a race to ramp up its AI capability to deal with the problem. But that is no easy task. Nobody has pulled off such a feat of megadata sifting before. As part of their effort, they have begun to use outside firms to verify ad standards. They might want to hurry. The inventor of the web, Tim Berners-Lee, argues that concentration of power over information, such as Goggle and Facebook now possess, is dangerous for society. He is plotting, with others in the Decentralized Information Group at MIT’s Laboratory for Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence (CSAIL), means to decentralise control of data in his creation. The threat AI and robotics pose to jobs becomes ever clearer. More than 10 million UK workers are at risk of being replaced within 15 years, PwC calculated, some 30% of the workforce. The IPPR estimates a similar figure: robots replacing 1 in 3 UK jobs over the next 20 years. A report by the US National Bureau of Economic Research goes further, suggesting that large numbers of jobs have already been lost to robotics in America, and are unlikely to come back. Wages have been depressed in the process, they contend. The question arises, then, as to how much this has been fuelling populist rage, on both sides of the Atlantic, making it easier for nationalist demagogues to push their argument that “the other” – immigrants and anyone else who is not in what psychologists call their in-group – is entirely to blame. Whatever the answer to that question about the past, the additional stress just around the corner will clearly pose a dire threat to social cohesion if nothing is done. The imperative for government and business to act is obvious. Truth: Liars under growing scrutiny As investigations into the conduct of the Trump election and the Brexit vote continue, it becomes ever clearer that the nationalist right is capable of extraordinary feats of voter manipulation. A group of UK academics warned this month that dark money is a threat to the integrity of British elections. The Electoral Commission is investigating whether work by Cambridge Analytica, one data firm at the heart of the controversy, constitutes an undeclared donation from an impermissible foreign donor. Cambridge Analytica is majority owned by the hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer, a major bankroller of Donald Trump. Steve Bannon, Trump’s head of strategy, has been a major player in the development of the company and its capabilities. Filings of White House staffers’ interests this month show he has made millions shaping right-wing thought, via Cambridge Analytica and other organs. The pushback unfolding against this fast-emerging Orwellian narrative is often extraordinary to behold. The Los Angeles Times published a series of  essays by its editorial board this month. “Our Dishonest President”, the first was entitled. “Why Trump lies”, the second. They read like a science fiction novel of a dystopian future society. But they are about real-life America, today. New arenas of corporate responsibility are being stimulated, unsurprisingly. Google announced it will begin to display fact-checking labels to show if news it purveys is true or false. Facebook gave a green light to its employees to protest against Trump on May 1st. Dramas build slowly in the courts as truth and lies compete. A judge rejected Trump’s defense against a claim he incited violence at one of his rallies. Equality: Talk of cutting aid as famine rages Meanwhile, though you would hardly know it from mainstream media coverage, we are in the midst of the gravest humanitarian crisis since 1945 – since the creation of the United Nations. 20 million people face starvation and famine in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria, the UN warns. Drought has descended on Kenya, triggering violence as displaced peoples migrate. Amid all this, populist nationalists continue to contend that aid budgets should be cut. The UK government, to its credit, is resisting this so far. As for the considerable potential role of clean energy in building equality and alleviating poverty, an international gathering of the Sustainable Energy for All organisation in New York this month called for more urgent action on progress towards global energy goals. In SolarAid, my colleagues and I could not agree more. Our work is based on the fact that if you burn oil in a kerosene lamp in Africa and it will cost you almost $80 a year, yet a solar lamp retailing at around $5 will give clean light for free, for 4 years. So if you were one of the poorest people in Africa, which would you rather do? Save $70 a year to spend on food and other essentials, in a time of famine, or burn a fistful of ten dollar bills each year, and risk your health breathing the fumes? This should be an obvious starting point for a massive programme to free up local money for the necessities of poverty alleviation, SolarAid contends. But sales of the most affordable of these lights are actually falling in Africa, and in fact the rest of the world too. In Malawi, for example, we are one of only a few organisations working to help. More on that subject, a microcosm of global challenges and opportunities in energy, in an e-mail in a week or so. Reform of capitalism: Graphic evidence of the need The Bank of England has admitted to fearing, in the current febrile financial climate, that it may not be able to spot the next global crisis coming. Few who studied the forensics of the last one, and the response – or mostly lack thereof – can be surprised. There are obvious candidates for a trigger in the inflated stock market, and mountainous debt in car loans, credit cards, and mortgages. The Brexit gamble is also potentially on the list. The IMF professes that its unpredictable outcome poses a risk to global stability. Given the fact that regulators regard another crisis as inevitable, and see an unreadable multiplicity of potential paths to it, who can realistically contend that the unbridled 21st century version of capitalism is anything close to a satisfactory way to run a global economy today? Root-to-branch reform might take some mapping, but starting points are not too difficult to find. One involves the jailing of executives guilty of gross corruption. Until this starts happening, how there can be hope for wider reform, or the necessary adjustments of cultures? Shell offered up a perfect example this month. The company is under investigation for one of the most corrupt deals in the history of the oil industry.  E-mails show that top executives handed a billion dollars to the Nigerian government, knowing it would be passed to a convicted money-launderer,  in return for a giant oilfield. The CEO of the day, Peter Voser, knew of the deal. The current CEO, ben van Buerden, described the evidence in e-mails as “really unhelpful”, but “just pub talk.” One might hope that if the forces of the law cannot sort out behaviour of this kind., then investors might be queuing to punish a company as wide of the ethical mark as this using their money and governance power. Not on recent evidence from Wall Street. The social media company Snap, owner of a popular photo exchange website, went public in February with investors queuing to pour cash into it. This despite the twenty-something co-founders specifying that investors would have zero voting rights. Far from failing, in the exodus of financial custodians that this dangerous first-of-a-kind should have been faced with, Snap raised $3.4 billion and achieved a valuation of $19.7 billion. As of early March it was worth $28 billion, which would put it in the 100 biggest economies, were it a nation. What a gloomy precedent this now sets for the future. It raises the prospect, in principle, of a small cadre of almost unregulated and unconstrained tech billionaires calling the shots on how the AI and robotics innovations of the next few years are deployed. We had better all hope, if this is the way investors and regulators allow events to unfold, that said billionaires, and investors in them, are not friends of the the populist nationalist right. Yet the way financiers were lining up to engage with Marine Le Pen as the French Presidential election neared suggests we can far from rely on this. Common security: If you elect nationalist demagogues, you will be more likely to experience World War 3 Let me be brief on this final point. In the Trump administration’s handling of Syria and North Korea, where is there any evidence at all of basic statesmanship? Of rudimentary strategy even? Of any thought that there might be lessons to be learned in decades of diplomacy? Ahead of the election, Trump seemed to grasp the inadvisability of poking a hornets nest with a stick, let alone many millions of dollars worth of cruise missiles. “Again, to our very foolish leader”, he tweeted at Obama (all in capital letters), “do not attack Syria – if you do many very bad things will happen.” Suffice it to say that one particularly bad knee-jerk reaction from Trump and/or those he turns into his adversaries, and all bets are off on the balance of play I endeavour to summarise above. A message for my senior grandson, if he made it this far in this blog. Sorry fella, I have been trying for a quarter century. But I and all the people like me have pretty much failed, to date. Hopefully there is some comfort in the thought that we are still trying. 5 4 Tags: clean energy transition, climate change responses Jeremy Leggett Jeremy Leggett is a social entrepreneur and author. He has been an Entrepreneur of the Year at the NewEnergy Awards, a CNN Principal Voice, and is founder and chairman of renewable energy company Solarcentury, and SolarAid. He chairs the financial think tank CarbonTracker, contributes to the Guardian and the Financial Times, and is an Associate... Related Posts Light posting from 20 April to 5th May The World at 1°C — March ‘17 The Sheer Wall Inside the House where the Sun does not Set Embracing Climate Truth and Escalating to Win: Excerpt The Question I Get Asked the Most Final Notice Exiting the Anthropocene Climate Change Doesn’t Care about Anyone’s Opinion: Notes on Reciprocity and Sacrifice A Power Zone Manifesto Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube × Recent Articles By Author Appropriate Civilization versus New Despotism, Month 2: Tech-for-good and truth take a pounding By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog March 27, 2017 The Business Case is Clear: Renewables Companies Must Openly Resist the New Despotism By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog March 13, 2017 Appropriate Civilization versus New Despotism: State of Play on 20th February 2017, one month into the Trump presidency By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog February 20, 2017 G20 Climate Risk Report is a Wake-up Call for Fossil-Fuel Investors By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog January 23, 2017 State of The Transition: Fossil Fuel Diehards Take Over The White House By Jeremy Leggett, originally published by Jeremy Leggett blog January 3, 2017 Resilience is a program of Post Carbon Institute, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping the world transition away from fossil fuels and build sustainable, resilient communities. Content on this site is subject to our fair use notice. About us Contact Donate RSS feeds News Archive ×Close Filter by Audio Video All content Search
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 70° View Live Radar Fri H 86° L 66° Sat H 88° L 67° Sun H 85° L 59° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Wind project could bring cheaper power to TVA Wind project could bring cheaper power to TVA Politics may get in the way of possible deal with Clean Line Energy April 26th, 2017 by Dave Flessner in Business Around the Region File Photo Wind turbines are getting bigger and more efficient, lowering the cost of wind generation, especially in windy areas such as Oklahoma and Texas. (Clean Line Energy Partners) Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. The developers of a proposed transmission line to carry wind-generated power from the Oklahoma plains to the Tenneseee Valley claim their $2.5 billion project could help TVA get cheaper and cleaner power. But the political winds appear to be blowing against TVA buying the wind-generated power, even though it is cheaper than even the fuel prices for coal or natural gas, according to one of the executives who has worked on the project for the past eight years. POLL: Should TVA support wind energy generation? Yes No Submit Results Yes: 71.79% (112) No: 28.21% (44) Total Responses: 156 Mario Hurtado, executive vice president, development, Clean Line Energy Partners, speaks Tuesday, April 25, 2017, to writers and editors at the Chattanooga Times Free Press. Mario Hurtado, executive vice president, development, Clean Line... Photo by Angela Lewis Foster /Times Free Press. Clean Line Energy wants to build a 720-mile direct-current transmission line from Oklahoma to a Memphis suburb to carry 4,000 megawatts of wind-generated electricity from where the wind blows the strongest to where the power demand is most needed. Clean Line Energy wants to build a 720-mile... Illustration by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. "We can get the power delivered to TVA for less than 2 cents per kilowatthour, which is less than just the fuel costs for coal or natural gas generation," said Mario Hurtado, the executive vice president of development for the Houston-based Clean Line Energy Partners. "It is a very, very compelling economic prospect for the region to get a long-term supply of power that is clean, that reduces air pollution, that is renewable to help economic development and is lower priced than just burning more fossil fuel." TVA signed a memorandum of understanding with Clean Line Energy in 2011 to study the proposal, but the utility has yet to commit to buying any of the 3,500 megawatts of wind-generated power Clean Line Energy will bring to the western edge of TVA's territory along its 720-mile transmission line from near Diamond, Okla. TVA says it doesn't need additional power generation due to the stagnant demand for electricity in its seven-state region. But Hurtado said Clean Line could substitute for more expensive existing generation and provide the type of renewable power that businesses like Google, Apple, Wal-Mart and Facebook want from power utilities where they locate. "I think politics is getting in the way of rational economic decisions," Hurtado said. "Big infrastructure projects are always political." U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., one of the biggest defenders of the nuclear power industry, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., one of the biggest backers of the coal industry, are among Tennessee Valley lawmakers who are skeptical of the Clean Line project. In a speech on the Senate floor last month, Alexander said TVA abandoned its Bellefone nuclear power plant because it doesn't need any additional power so it shouldn't contract with a Houston company for future wind power that he said may prove inconsistent and more expensive in the future. "Why would TVA announce that it doesn't need new power for the next 15 years, sell a nuclear power plant capable of producing reliable baseload power for the next 60 years, and then turn right around and buy unreliable wind power that might only be available for 20 or 30 years assuming the turbines don't break down?" he asked. Alexander urged TVA to wait on the appointment of new board members by President Trump, who will be able to appoint a majority of the nine-member board this year, before deciding on the Clean Line proposal. But Hurtado said waiting will only raise the costs of wind power since federal production tax credits for builders of wind turbines are being phased out over the next three years and that will add about 2 cents per kilowatthour to the price of wind generation. "We will still be competitive in the future, but not as competitive as we are right now so we believe it is important to act this year," he said. Backers of infrastructure spending proposed by Donald Trump during his campaign last year also are backing the Clean Line Energy project since the $2.5 billion transmission line is expected to spur another $7 billion of wind turbines in Oklahoma and Texas. Construction of the project is projected to add more than 5,000 jobs. The Clean Line Energy project was one of 50 major projects compiled by an advisory task force for the Trump administration last year as part of the president's goal of creating 4 million infrastructure jobs and injecting $1 trillion into the American economy. CG/LA Infrastructure, a global infrastructure strategy firm in Washington, D.C., is sponsoring a conference today to tout its Blueprint 2025 to double U.S. infrastructure investment. The plan includes the Clean Line project. "The U.S. electricity system, with 450,000 miles of high-tension transmission lines, represents our greatest achievement and our greatest vulnerability," said Norm Anderson, president of CG/LA Infrastructure. "Four new electricity transmission lines alone would usher $30 billion in new capital and create 51,000 direct and indirect jobs." TVA continues to study the Clean Line Energy proposal as the company tries to finalize purchases of land easements and complete other final environmental approvals for its transmission line. TVA could both buy the power from Çlean Line and use its transmission lines to wheel the wind power to other Southern utilities wanting more renewable energy, including Duke, Southern and Entergy. "We continue to evaluate the costs for Clean Line to connect to the TVA system and the potential impact that would have on reliability for our customers," TVA spokeswoman Gail Rymer said Tuesday. "Of course, any upgrades that would be necessary to our system for the interconnection to our grid would be the responsibility of Clean Line." Contact Dave Flessner at dflessner@timesfreepress.com or at 423-757-6340. More Articles Read previous article Personal Finance: Federal budget follies explained Read next article Business Briefs: CBL employees help nonprofit agencies Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Narrowing Hixson Pike: Proposal to cut traffic lanes, slow speeds at Riverview stirs opinions Hamilton County Commission pay talk continues Job fair gives people with criminal pasts chance to find work Ringgold, Ga., man arrested on DUI, vehicular homicide charges in 2-year-old daughter's death Taxi hits 6-year-old boy in Dalton Authorities confirm seventh case of rabies in Whitfield County, Ga., in less than a year Bill raising Tennessee's gas tax passed into law Tennessee AG files lawsuit against Texas firm accused of deceiving Woodmore families Area drug bust leads to seizure of more than 20 pounds of crystal meth Whitfield County Sheriff's office finds $125,000 worth of marijuana Man injured in Rossville Boulevard shooting Officials: I-85 repairs in Atlanta to cost up to $16.6M
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you agree with raising the criminal liability age? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-04-26 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events University Express: Marie Antoinette 1:30 p.m. Monday, May 1 — Via commission portraits, famous works of art, political cartoons and feature-length films, learn how Marie Antoinette is a very misunderstood historical figure. This presentation will discuss how these misconceptions have come to be ingrained in the public's perception of her. 19th Annual Twilight Time Senior Citizens’ Prom 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 3 — You are invited to attend the 20th annual Senior Citizens’ Prom sponsored by the Clarence High School Student Council and National Honor Society. Enjoy music, dancing and a catered dinner at the Clarence High School. Singles are welcome. Travel News At Home With Lucy Monday, May 15th Depart 8:15 a.m., return 7 p.m. Start the day at Ecklof’s Bakery. Next, enjoy a plated lunch at The Falcon’s Nest. After lunch, tour the Desilu Studio and visit the Lucy/Desi Museum. Also, there is a motorcoach Lucy Driving Tour. Last stop of the day will be at Peterson’s Farm Market. Price is $79. Make checks payable to Maxima Tours Ltd. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 187156215 9 Food Drive Family Focus 9 School Tools Books for Kids Black Heritage 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Police seek nearly a dozen in Concord credit-card skimming cases Updated: Apr 25, 2017 - 11:20 PM Twtter CONCORD, N.C. - Concord police is looking for people it says stole credit card information from skimming devices placed at gas stations throughout Concord. In the surveillance photos, you can see the suspects at stores like Food Lion and Walmart. Concord police is teaming up with the U.S. Secret Service to track down the suspects. PHOTOS: Nearly dozen wanted in Concord credit-card skimming cases The skimming devices were found at three gas stations; Exxon, 1160 Copperfield Boulevard, Kangaroo Express, 1529 Concord Parkway, Exxon, 1110 Union Street. (Watch Action 9 investigator Jason Stoogenke explain how to protect yourself from skimmers) Police said the skimming devices were placed on card readers on pumps and ATMs. They used credit card information stolen from devices put on gas pumps, ATMs and retail stores, police said. “It can happen anywhere and that's a shame,” a driver said. “You work hard for your money.” In response to the incidents, one of the gas stations is putting red tape on the pump, indicating there is a good chance the pump is compromised “It's a good way to find out who is doing it,” said Lisa Hammer, who works at the Exxon off Copperfield Boulevard. She said the skimmer device was found two months ago on pumps 3 and 4. “You wouldn't expect it from Concord, small town not many people,” Hammer said. Concord police have warrants out for this woman, Yelenys Rodriguez Peraza, 38, of Miami. They need help identifying the other suspects but say it is unclear if they are working together. Concord police are asking the public’s help in identifying nearly a dozen people believed to be connected to skimming cases across the city. Drivers hope everyone is caught soon. “No excuse at all, everybody works for their money,” Terrance Brevard said. “I get up every morning, every night and go to work, I expect people to do the same thing.” Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com: Dale Earnhardt Jr. to retire from NASCAR following 2017 season Blood gang members receive life sentences in Lake Wylie double murder Man arrested more than 40 times prompts north Charlotte SWAT standoff 13-year-old arrested in connection with pair of sex assaults in Charlotte Big rig crashes into barriers in I-77 toll lane construction zone VIDEO: Keith Monday's Tuesday morning forecast Blood gang members to be sentenced in Lake Wylie double murder VIDEO: Body cam shows man chased, tackled, arrested by CMPD officers © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Police seek nearly a dozen in Concord credit-card skimming cases MUST WATCH: Authorities use PIT maneuver to end chase in Iredell County Teen's accused killer to go on trial for 3rd time CMPD investigates homicide in northwest Charlotte Coulter's Berkeley speech canceled, police prep for violence News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact DVD Giveaway WAMG Giveaway – Win the ISOLATION DVD: Stars Tricia Helfer and Stephen Lang By Tom Stockman | April 25, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 8 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Inspired by true events, see what happens when a couple vacationing in the Bahamas is hunted by a group of modern-day pirates in Isolation, available on DVD at Walmart, Digital HD and On Demand April 18 from Lionsgate. Boasting an all-star cast including Luke Mably (The Prince and Me, 28 Days Later), Tricia Helfer (TV’s “Lucifer” and “Burn Notice”), Marie Avgeropoulos (TV’s “The 100,” 50/50), Stephen Lang (Don’t Breathe, Avatar), and Dominic Purcell (the upcoming “Prison Break: Sequel” and “Legends of Tomorrow”), watch the film JoBlo.com calls “suspenseful and unpredictable” with a “killer ending.” Now you can own the ISOLATION DVD. We Are Movie Geeks has four copies to give away. All you have to do is leave a comment answering this question: What is your favorite movie beginning with the letter ‘I’? (mine is INCREDIBLE SHRINKING MAN!). It’s so easy! Good Luck! OFFICIAL RULES:1. YOU MUST BE A US RESIDENT. PRIZE WILL ONLY BE SHIPPED TO US ADDRESSES.  NO P.O. BOXES.  NO DUPLICATE ADDRESSES. 2. WINNERS WILL BE CHOSEN FROM ALL QUALIFYING ENTRIES. Hoping to restore their flagging marriage, Lydia (Tricia Helfer) and Creighton (Luke Mably) journey to a remote island in the sun-drenched Bahamas. One drunken night, they return to their cabin to find it ransacked. Will nearby couple Max (Dominic Purcell) and Nina (Marie Avgeropoulos) offer them help — or harm? Also starring Stephen Lang, this seductive, sinister thriller shows that trust can be a dangerous thing. Related ItemsIsolationLuke Mablystephen langTricia Helfer Tom Stockman ← Previous Story Indiana Jones Movie Confirmed For July 10, 2020 – Steven Spielberg Directing, Harrison Ford To Star Next Story → 16mm DOUBLE FEATURE NIGHT at The Way Out Club May 2nd – MIGHTY JOE YOUNG and MACHINE GUN KELLY You may also like... ISOLATION – Starring Tricia Helfer and Stephen Lang Arriving on DVD, Digital HD, and On Demand April 18th DON’T BREATHE – Review Win Passes To The Advance Screening Of DON’T BREATHE In St. Louis 8 Comments Darci Butcher April 25, 2017 at 8:49 pm Hi Tom! I will say INDEPENDENCE DAY is my favorite “I” movie. Reply Bill April 26, 2017 at 12:18 am Independence Day Reply Shawn A. April 26, 2017 at 6:11 am I am going to go with Indecent Proposal. Reply Regan M Bultz April 26, 2017 at 7:27 am Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom ~ Thanks for the chance We Are Movie Geeks :) Reply Yusuf Nasrullah April 26, 2017 at 9:53 am Hello Tom! I’m going with my favourite horror film INSIDIOUS!!! Reply Shannon Schultz April 26, 2017 at 1:20 pm INSIDIOUS Reply Ronald Oliver April 26, 2017 at 1:45 pm Mine is Iron Man! Thanks! Reply Mary Elizabeth April 26, 2017 at 6:02 pm Insomnia Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News GO, JOHNNY, GO! Starring Chuck Berry Screening at Schlafly Bottleworks May 3rd – ‘Strange Brew’ Win Passes To The Advance Screening Of KING ARTHUR: LEGEND OF THE SWORD In St. Louis CBS Films Releases First Look Photo Of Helen Mirren In WINCHESTER Watch New Alien: Covenant Prologue Short – Celebrate ALIEN Day 426 Be KING FOR A DAY At This Thursday’s Screenings And Receive Hat And Special Poster PELLE THE CONQUEROR Screens This Weekend at Webster University Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg Oscars michael bay saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen Samuel L Jackson mark wahlberg Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Quentin Tarantino Gary Oldman Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Thursday, April 27, 2017 News What you need to know for 04/27/2017 State releases rail trail plan9:55 PMThomas to coach Schenectady girls' basketball team9:34 PMOscar-winning director Jonathan Demme dies at 739:24 PMObama balances civic-minded side with lure of $400K speech9:22 PMTax overhaul would aid wealthiest9:20 PM Trump's tax plan: Low rate for corporations, and for companies like his Trump's tax plan: Low rate for corporations, and for companies like his Not clear whether plan will include $1 trillion infrastructure program JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS, ALAN RAPPEPORT, KATE KELLY and RACHEL ABRAMS/The New York Times | April 25, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and President Donald Trump exit the Treasury Department building next to the White House. Photographer: Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times President Donald Trump plans to unveil a tax cut blueprint Wednesday that would apply a vastly reduced, 15 percent business tax rate not only to corporations but also to companies that now pay taxes through the personal income tax code — from mom-and-pop businesses to his own real estate empire, according to several people briefed on the proposal. The package will also increase the standard deduction for individuals, providing a modest cut for middle-income people and simplifying the process of filing tax returns, according to people briefed on its details. That proposal is opposed by homebuilders and real estate agents, who fear it would diminish the importance of the mortgage interest deduction. And it is likely to necessitate eliminating or curbing other popular deductions, a politically risky pursuit. It is not clear whether the plan will include Trump’s promised $1 trillion infrastructure program, but it will jettison a House Republican proposal to impose a substantial tax on imports, known as a border adjustment tax, which would have raised billions of dollars to help offset the cost of the cuts, two of the people said. With that decision, Trump acceded to pressure from retailers and conservative advocacy groups, but the move could deepen the challenge of passing a broad tax overhaul in Congress, where concern about the swelling federal deficit runs high. His plan would put off the difficult part of a tax overhaul: closing loopholes and increasing other taxes to limit the effect of tax cuts on the budget deficit. Republicans are likely to embrace the plan’s centerpiece, substantial tax reductions for businesses large and small, even as they push back against the jettisoning of their border adjustment tax. The 15 percent rate would apply both to corporations, which now pay 35 percent, and to a broad range of firms known as pass-through entities — including hedge funds, real estate concerns like Trump’s and large partnerships — that currently pay taxes at individual rates, which top off at 39.6 percent. That hews closely to the proposal Trump championed during his campaign. But Trump’s decision to extend the corporate tax cut to real estate conglomerates like his own will give Democrats a tailor-made line of attack. “Yesterday, we learned President Trump wants to slash the corporate tax rate, even though corporations already dodge most of their tax responsibilities while making record profits,” said Frank Clemente, executive director of the liberal Americans for Tax Fairness. “Today, we find out it’s even worse. In trying to slash taxes for ‘pass-through’ business entities, Trump is seeking to dramatically reduce his own tax bill.” The people who were briefed on the plan spoke on the condition of anonymity before a formal announcement that Trump has said will come on Wednesday, three days before his presidency reaches the 100-day mark with nothing to show for his promises to cut taxes or revamp the health care system. The border adjustment tax may be revisited later but was considered too controversial to include now. Spokeswomen for the White House and Treasury Department declined to comment on the details of the plan before Wednesday’s announcement, which is expected to contain only broad principles, leaving unanswered crucial questions about the financing of the package and the process for advancing it through Congress. Emerging from a meeting in the Capitol where he briefed Republican congressional leaders Tuesday evening, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said participants had “very, very productive discussions” and were united in their desire to accomplish a tax overhaul this year. The broad contours of the plan seemed to please conservatives who had worried in recent weeks that Trump, who has dropped or modified many of the major proposals of his campaign, was drifting away from the plan he had laid out for voters. “Conservatives are going to be very happy with this plan, because it achieves a lot of the objectives that we’ve wanted: lower business taxes, simplification, and not a major tax increase that is unacceptable,” said Stephen Moore, an economist at the Heritage Foundation who advised Trump’s campaign and helped craft his tax proposal. But Moore conceded that finding ways to offset the large revenue reductions envisioned in the blueprint would be a challenge. “That’s the unknown right now, is whether there is some sort of pay-for for any of this,” he said. Government officials crafting the tax plans are aware of the math problem, one of the people involved in the proposal said, but they see the 15 percent corporate tax rate as a compelling starting point for negotiations. Trump may yet reveal other tactics for replenishing lost tax revenue, someone who has been briefed on the plans said. But the final plans remain very much in flux. At midafternoon Tuesday, for instance, it was still not clear whether personal income-tax rate cuts or an increase in the standardized deduction for individuals would be part of Wednesday’s announcement. Nor was the precise fate of a $1 trillion infrastructure spending plan that Gary Cohn, the director of the National Economic Council, has pressed to pair with the tax overhaul. The demise of the border adjustment tax was met with relief by Republicans in the Senate, who had been cool to it from the start. On Tuesday, Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said it was safe to conclude that the provision was “not going anywhere” because of skepticism in the Senate. But Cornyn described Trump’s plan to cut the corporate income tax to 15 percent as “pretty aggressive,” with unknown consequences for the deficit. Other Republican senators appeared ready to embrace a tax proposal that adds to the deficit in the name of jump-starting the economy. Republicans appear intent on using parliamentary rules that would block Democrats from filibustering the plan in the Senate, but would also put a time limit on the tax cuts. “I’m open to getting this country moving,” said Sen. Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, chairman of the powerful Senate Finance Committee. “I’m not so sure we have to go that route, but if we do, I can live with it.” Most analysts say the notion that Trump’s tax cuts will pay for themselves is unrealistic. A Tax Foundation analysis concluded this week that, on its own, a 15 percent corporate tax rate would reduce federal revenue by about $2 trillion over a decade. To make up for those losses without raising taxes elsewhere, the economy would have to become five times larger. Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said he was also open to tax cuts with an expiration date if that was the only way to get them passed without Democratic support, pointing to President George W. Bush’s cuts. “You look at the tax cuts from 2002 and 2003 — well over 90 percent of them became permanent law,” Blunt said. Democrats have criticized Republicans for failing to engage with them on a tax overhaul. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, said he would be open to working with Republicans on a plan that would bring home corporate profits parked overseas and use some of the funds to pay for infrastructure. But Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Senate majority leader, said Tuesday that he intended to pass tax legislation through budget rules that would block a filibuster. He accused Democrats of being more interested in “wealth transfers” than spurring economic growth. So far, the Senate has taken a back seat in tax discussions. The abandonment of the border adjustment tax will deal a blow to the comprehensive rewrite of the tax code championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and Rep. Kevin Brady of Texas, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Brady said Tuesday that he would press ahead with the import tax, not merely because it would make up for lost revenue but because it would protect American jobs. However, he acknowledged that his goal of producing legislation before summer was slipping. “I’m less focused on the month than on the year for tax reform, which would be this year,” Brady said. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Tax overhaul would aid wealthiest Hard-line Republican caucus backs revised bill to repeal Obamacare Trump vows Supreme Court fight over sanctuary city defiance Analysis: In sanctuary cities ruling, judge quotes Spicer SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Foss: West trial is sobering 7:59 PM Kennedy: Phone books fading from landscape 7:40 PM A final NFL mock draft 5:44 PM Going hog wild in Florida 2:53 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Schenectady fire victim identified; building demolished 18-year-old dies in head-on Albany County crash Trio charged in Stillwater store robbery Split verdict for ex-UAlbany students in CDTA bus fight trial 'Gerry was always there': Family mourns Green Street fire victim The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Direct Mail/Postal Digital Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks eBooks Descriptions Datamine Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards Marketing Hall of Femme Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Data/Analytics > Measuring The Shift In Retail Pierre DeBois, Freelance Contributor April 25, 2017 Measuring The Shift In Retail Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print Measuring The Shift In Retail Al Green's popular song "Let's Stay Together" may be about personal relationships, but its title is probably more like the secret wish some retailers have towards consumers who have abandoned them in favor of online retail. The adoption of online behavior has lead to experts placing bets on what retailers will survive. Several, such as Sports Authority and HH Gregg, have been shuttered, while other such as Rue 21 are reportedly filing bankruptcy soon.  NBC 4 Washington has a disturbing list of retailers said to be under threat. The most potentially game-changing closure, if it comes to pass, would be Sears. The giant retailer, a staple in many malls across the country, has had several years of sales decline, and announced it may face bankruptcy. Other mall-anchor retailers have been close behind with sales struggles – Nordstrom's and Macy's notably – or are fighting tooth and nail to discover new opportunities.  Sears' current era is a stark contrast to other retailers which are online first. They have innovated core operations and scaled sales through applied business intelligence – the holy grail of analytics. Amazon, which has been at the forefront of the eCommerce retail movement, is experiencing a modern day version of the Sears' evolution beyond its mail-order catalog. Sears evolved from its mail order business to serve as one-stop shopping for consumers' household needs. According to Wikipedia's account of Sears history, the retailer had its heyday expansion in the 1950s and 1960s, becoming the largest US retailer. It held that position until WalMart passed it in 1989. Today it operates 1500 stores total, down from 3500 locations in 2010. So what lessons should retailers consider as the fate of Sears unfolds? Apply analytics with relevant expertise Successful retailers are gaining more than right-sized operations.  They are making inroads into the use of advanced analytics.   Applying these techniques means relies on judgment about where advanced analytics can best serve an organization.  Amazon has used machine learning to help predict likely purchase outcomes, driving not only its own sales, but also positioning itself as an attractive partner with other organization. That contrasts with the strategy from Sears' parent company Sears Holdings, run by real estate mogul Edward Lampert. Sears Holdings invested heavily in its property, with Sears acquiring an even larger real estate footprint with its Kmart acquisition. While real estate can be valuable, unlocking that capital through sales and deals might not occur rapidly enough to be of help to  a company's earnings. Analytics can save capital from poor-performing investments. Amazon has not only built an online audience, it has expanded its resources into cloud services, consumer IoT technology like Amazon Dash & Echo, and an offline retail presence. It opened Amazon Go, a convenience store that features no check-out line as a real-world generator of customer preference, and a source of data for its predictive engine initiatives.    Now contrast that against Sears and its considerable investment in real estate. The holdings have left Sears burdened with mall locations that are experiencing declining foot traffic, which in turn has depressed sales. Apply analytics with a coherent vision across an organization The current blending of product and services comes from a strategy trend – the capacity to create a customer experience offline and online.  Implementing it requires coordinating networked devices and services for nimble decision making.  Many traditional retailers such as Sears have made strides to incorporate technology, but have not made fast adjustments to a marketplace that is moving at light speed to engage customers and deliver experiences. Unleash a community of developers to create your solutions Someone once said that software is eating the world. Well, analytics involves software, and more than ever retailers need developers to create offerings that enhance the software that impact customer experience.  And the developer world has become more accommodating in supporting such an environment. Programming languages have frameworks, functions for addressing repeatable coding tasks, and libraries to implement algorithms.   This makes repeatable tasks in development and modeling easier to create, run, and share results with colleagues. Amazon is among the leading organizations attracting a developer community around its solutions. It announced a new program that will allow developers to build and host most Alexa skills using Amazon Web Services for free.  But organizations across a number of industries are establishing communities of their own. Last spring I got to speak to a few Capital One managers at, of all places, OSCON, an O'Reilly Media conference aimed specifically at developers.  Capital One's presence – and OSCON sponsorship – was part of a larger strategy to attract developers for its open source development dashboard Hygeia. Get In The Game…Now! Sears lagged behind The Gap, which invested quickly in analytics, and combined website elements across its various clothing brands so that customers could shop seamlessly and easily. The result? The Gap's eCommerce decision exceeded $1 billion in online revenue in a fiscal quarter, and did so for the first time back in 2009, years before Sears began experiencing declining sales and closing stores. Retailers are starting to realize that analytics is essential for meaningful execution of strategy. Sears may have been too late in adopting, but it is not too late for others to integrate new tactics that can renew their relevance. Related Articles Identifying Data Bias Early Deciding The Right Data for A Data Layer: A Primer How Blending Outside Data With SEO Brings More Customers Related Topics Analytics Data & Analytics Machine Learning Retail Next Article in Data/Analytics How Data Catapulted the Personalized Children's Book Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week Since 1985, Melissa has helped thousands of companies clean, correct and complete contact data to better target and communicate with their customers. We offer a full spectrum of data quality solutions, including global address, phone, email, and name validation, identify verification - available for batch or real-time processes, in the Cloud or on-premise. Our service bureau provides dedupe, email/phone append and geographic/demographic append services for better targeting and insight. For direct mailers, Melissa offers easy-to-use address management/postal software, list hygiene services and 100s of specialty mailing lists - all with competitive pricing and excellent customer service. Find out more here » Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Data/Analytics How Data Catapulted the Personalized Children's Book Lost My Name developed a unique brand out of unique literary experiences How Collaborative Data Helps Marketers Read the Clouds The Weather Company and LiveRamp collaborate for a first of its kind data integration Identifying Data Bias Early How to guard against biases that can wreck your analytics results and machine learning models Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Register Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Gillespie: Arkansas Works changes will reduce costs without increasing uninsured BHP reviewing Fayetteville Shale sale, hopes White County property brings premium Trucking industry pushes feds for hair testing guidelines for drug testing Survey: ‘Buy American’ resonates with small business shoppers Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Gillespie: Arkansas Works changes will reduce costs without increasing uninsured EU Ambassador asks Arkansas to halt tomorrow’s execution, says inmate is ‘intellectually disabled’ TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey AEDC issues report showing military operations support 62,400 Arkansas jobs Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Inclusion Films camp at NWACC builds skills for disabled youth Dornhoffer named otolaryngology chairman in UAMS College of Medicine Ecoark Holdings of Rogers sells Phoenix subsidiary for $4.8 Million Hendren Communications to sell KBVA for $1.15 million Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry pushes feds for hair testing guidelines for drug testing The Supply Side: Michigan retiree finds new career selling gumbo into Walmart U.S. Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic up 10% through first quarter of 2017 Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets OpinionTalk Politics by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 296 views  Tags: riff raff 0 SHARES Share Tweet There is this guy dressed as a clown singing The Who’s “Pinball Wizard” to the music of Cash’s “Folsom Prison Blues.” Genius. America is great again, already. Even if we can’t keep track of our aircraft carriers or make Mexico pay for The Wall. When’s the medical marijuana become available? • Entered the liquor store when one of those bad-ass looking Harleys pulled up. Driver walked in. Had on the usual garb. A bandana, black jeans with a black shirt, leather and worn boots. Grizzly beard. Tough looking fella. He gets a bottle of Kahlua. Yep, Kahlua. I’m looking like some lame-ass professor in my flip flops, horned rim glass, t-shirt and frat boy cargo shorts, but am carrying out a big bottle of bourbon. Maker’s Mark. Spent the next several minutes wondering how this upside downness could be Obama’s fault. Maybe it’s the fault of that jackass Trump, who might have some of us thinking about a White Russian. • Sure, some songs are better than others, and folks with a deep aversion to any form of country music may abhor “Girl With Far Away Eyes.” But is there such a thing as a bad Rolling Stones tune? • Most, if not all, pharmaceutical companies have a policy against their drugs being used for lethal injection. They want us to know their products are for medicine, and not for death. That’s admirable, and am sure well received by the growing number of Americans who believe the death penalty is not the option of a civilized society. But there is an obvious in-your-face hypocrisy with drug company policies on executions. They object to direct death of convicted murderers via lethal injection, but have for decades encouraged the broad use of opioids, which has resulted in the indirect deaths of thousands of innocents. There is a lot of money to made with pain meds. There is no money to be made with death meds. Low profits create an easy path for taking the high road. And vice versa. • Speaking of killing innocent people. A 2014 report from the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences noted: “Since 1973, 144 people on death row have been exonerated. As a percentage of all death sentences, that’s just 1.6 percent. But if the innocence rate is 4.1 percent, more than twice the rate of exoneration, the study suggests what most people assumed but dreaded: An untold number of innocent people have been executed. Further, the majority of those wrongfully sentenced to death are likely to languish in prison and never be freed.” The report also found that the rate of exoneration for death row inmates is higher than any other category. “Death sentences represent less than one-tenth of 1% of prison sentences in the United States, but they accounted for about 12% of known exonerations of innocent defendants from 1989 through early 2012, a disproportion of more than 130 to 1.” What is our acceptable margin of error for use of the death penalty? 1 in 10? 5 in 100? If some innocent people have to die to ensure our version of the ultimate justice, what number would allow you comfort? My vote is something along the lines of zero. • Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillion was paid – salary, stocks, gum and trinkets, use of the corporate jet to get to the end of his driveway and get the mail, etc. – $22.352 million in the most recent fiscal year. OK, maybe not gum and trinkets and mail gathering, but he did get paid $22.352 million. That’s $61,238 a day. The next four guys received $38.11 million combined. The five guys earned $60.462 million – or enough for 1.511 million bottles of Maker’s Mark – in the recent fiscal year. The general fund budget for Arkansas’ second largest city is around $42 million. Based on the most recent Census data on household income in Arkansas, the combined pay of the five Wal-Mart associates at the top of the associate ladder earned as much as 1,439 Arkansas households. You, Kind Reader, are probably thinking this is one of those Bernie Sanders-induced rants. That’s up to your perspective about value and worth and the philosophical intangibles that range between an unfettered marketplace and the social responsibility of a corporation and associated executives. But here’s the thing. Wal-Mart Stores generated roughly $1.331 billion in revenue a day in the recent fiscal year. Not a typo. $1.331 billion a day. Would you, as a board member of company XYZ, vote to pay the top five folks a combined $165,000 a day to manage the collection of more than $1.33 billion in daily sales? My simple Johnson County farm boy logic sees that as a square deal. I’d even throw in the gum and trinkets. Comments comments Previous post Median age of Wal-Mart Stores board of directors falls below 55 Next post Three-day special session to focus on health care Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Latest Popular Gillespie: Arkansas Works changes will reduce costs without increasing uninsured 5 hours ago EU Ambassador asks Arkansas to halt tomorrow’s execution, says inmate is ‘intellectually disabled’ 6 hours ago TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey 7 hours ago TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey 7 hours ago BHP reviewing Fayetteville Shale sale, hopes White County property brings premium 10 hours ago Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 3,102 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,695 views J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy 2,520 views Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year 2,076 views Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million 1,551 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman E-cigarette in US 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 33% and Forecast to 2020 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “E-cigarette in US 2017 Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 33% and Forecast to 2020”. PUNE, INDIA, April 25, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The market research analyst predicts the e-cigarettes market in the US to grow at a CAGR of around 33% during the forecast period. The increased desire among consumers to quit smoking tobacco is the primary driver for the growth of this market. For instance, according to the US government, approximately 480,000 people die in the country every year due to active smoking. E-cigarettes are considered a healthier alternative to tobacco smoking, and, therefore, are becoming popular among end-users. The low cost of e-cigarettes is also expected to contribute to the growth of the market during the forecast period. E-cigarettes are cheaper than traditional cigarettes due to the lack of legitimate taxation on their sale. The wholesale price of a disposable e-cigarette is between USD 2.5 and USD 4.0, whereas rechargeable e-cigarette costs between USD 6 and USD 15. Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/232976-e-cigarette-market-in-the-us-2015-2019 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Segmentation by distribution and analysis of – online, retail The retail segment dominated the market during 2014 with a market share of 72%. The retail segment comprises of convenience stores, grocery shops, tobacco shops, pharma, and other non-tracked channels. Some of the popular retail outlets for e-cigarettes are Wal-Mart, Tesco, and Sainsbury’s. The report offers an analysis of each of the following segments and discusses its impact on the overall market growth – • Online • Retail Product segmentation and analysis of – cigalikes, second and third generation e-cigarettes Cigalikes dominated the market during 2014 with a market share of 63%. However, this research report predicts the market to witness an increase in demand for second and third-generation e-cigarettes during the forecast period. The report offers an analysis of each of the following segments and discusses its impact on the overall market growth – • First-generation e-cigarettes/cigalikes • Second-generation e-cigarettes • Third-generation e-cigarettes Competitive landscape and key vendors – Altria, NJOY, Reynolds American, Imperial Tobacco The e-cigarette market in the US is highly fragmented due to the presence of numerous vendors operating and selling e-cigarettes under different brand names across the country. There is intense competition among the vendors for the market share. The report predicts the market to witness increased consolidation and a rise in the influx of private labels during the forecast period. The leading vendors in the market are – • Altria Group • CB Distributors • Imperial Tobacco • LOGIC Technology • NJOY • Reynolds American Other vendors in the market include Ballantyne Brands, British American Tobacco, FIN Branding, Gamucci, Japan Tobacco, Nicotek, RRR Chemicals, Vapor, Victory Electronic Cigarettes, VMR Products, and White Cloud. Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/232976-e-cigarette-market-in-the-us-2015-2019 Key questions answered in the report include • What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2019? • What are the key factors driving the e-cigarettes market in the US? • What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the e-cigarettes market in the US? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in the e-cigarettes market in the US? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the e-cigarettes market in the US? • What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the e-cigarettes market in the US? Table Of Contents – Major Key Points PART 01: Executive summary Highlights PART 02: Scope of the report Market overview Top-vendor offerings PART 03: Market research methodology Research methodology Economic indicators PART 04: Introduction Key market highlights PART 05: Worldwide cigarette statistics: Per capita consumption per year PART 06: Market landscape Global cigarette market Global e-cigarette market E-cigarette market in US Big Tobacco investments in e-cigarettes Opportunities in e-cigarette market in US Uncertainties in e-cigarette market in US: FDA regulations Taxation Five forces analysis PART 07: Product life cycle analysis PART 08: Market segmentation by product E-cigarette market in US by product PART 09: Market segmentation by distribution channel PART 10: Market drivers PART 11: Impact of drivers PART 12: Market challenges Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=232976 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Northcom Commander Highlights Partnerships to Counter Transnational Crime Next PostNext Smart Wearables Sales Market Drivers, Trends and Opportunities 2017 Search Recent Posts Plus-sized knitting hobby turns into big business Getty Leadership Institute Announces International Selection of Museum Executives and Managers for 2017 Executive Education Programs Recent Trends In Senior Living Suggest Community Settings As Leading Choice Global Homecare Medical Equipment Market 2017 :Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Forecast to 2022 Western Balkans information day focuses on access to data Proudly powered by WordPress
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 116.2m shares The Simpsons have given their verdict on Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office Richard Hartley-Parkinson for Metro.co.ukThursday 27 Apr 2017 6:04 am Quite interesting reading material there, Mr Trump (Picture: The Simpsons) Saturday marks Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office – an important period as it’s often this time frame that defines someone’s presidency. Back in November, an old video resurfaced showing that the Simpson’s predicted that Trump would become the leader of the free world. One in four of Donald Trump’s tweets contains fake news Well, our yellow friends have now given their assessment of the orange one’s approach to government and it’s pretty savage. Sean Spicer’s dead, Trump’s got 700 new followers and his daughter’s the new Supreme Court justice, Marge has run out of drugs and grandpa’s being deported. Yesterday it was reported that he has a button to summon a butler with Coca Cola (not fake news), so the idea of his hair automatically wiping a tear out of his eye doesn’t seem so far-fetched. It’s not looking good. We hope you enjoy… How have Donald Trump’s first 100 days gone in office?  Here’s a look at what he promised and how he’s performing on some of his key pledges. The Wall Mexican city Mexicali on the right, next to the border fence (Picture:  Gerald L Nino/Planet Pix) He had people chanting ‘Build the wall’ at campaign rallies, insisting Mexico would pay for it. Signing an executive order to start construction was one of his first actions as president. But progress has stalled, with Mexico refusing to pay, forcing Trump to propose immediate budget cuts of 18 billion dollars from US programmes like medical research, infrastructure and community grants. Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017 The spending plans face strong resistance from Democrats as they go before Congress in a budget vote which could lead to a government shutdown on the president’s 100th day. MORE: One in four of Donald Trump’s tweets contains fake news Immigration Trump tried to ban all immigration from seven Muslim countries (Picture: Creative Touch Imaging Ltd./NurPhoto) Trump pledged to ‘suspend immigration from terror-prone regions’ and introduce ‘extreme vetting’ at the border. Even North Korea's combat sunglasses are fake, says military expert One week after taking office, he tried to ban all immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations. But judges blocked both the initial and a revised travel ban, leaving this cornerstone pledge snarled up in a legal fight. The US has imposed a ban on passengers having large electronics in cabin bags when flying from mostly Middle Eastern and North African countries, though. Islamic State (IS) Trump blamed Obama for causing the rise of Isis in Iraq and Syria. During the campaign he was confident he could ‘fix it fast’ and promised in his inaugural address to ‘eradicate completely from the face of the Earth’ radical Islamic terrorism. Trump said he could ‘fix it fast’ (Picture: Medyan Dairieh) This was unlikely to happen within 100 days (and the US-led military coalition had already been gaining on Isis before he took office). But Trump has been active militarily, deploying hundreds more troops to help retake Raqqa and authorising the use of the largest non-nuclear weapon ever used in combat by the US military, dubbed the ‘mother of all bombs’, on an IS hideout in Afghanistan. Nato During his campaign, Trump said the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation was ‘obsolete’ and criticised other members for not paying their fair share. Trump and Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg (Picture: Ron Sachs/CNP/ABACAPRESS.COM) However, he has now made a complete U-Turn, standing in solidarity next to the Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. ‘I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete,’ Trump said. He also repeated calls for countries to meet a 2014 agreement to boost defence spending to 2% of gross domestic product over the next decade. Russia Until he took office, Trump said a closer relationship with Russia was a ‘good thing’, claimed Russian president Vladimir Putin had called him a ‘genius’ and suggested the country would ‘respect us far more’ once he took office. Trump speaks on the phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin (Picture: Getty) But Trump’s administration has been plagued with allegations of Russian hacking during the election campaign, as well as an FBI probe into the president’s associates’ alleged improper ties with the country. And Putin’s refusal to abandon Syrian president Bashar Assad over a chemical weapons attack on civilians has seen Trump admit relations could be at an ‘all-time low’. Jobs ‘We will bring back our jobs,’  Trump said again and again, in particular in the disenchanted Rust Belt. Earlier this month, Mr Trump said ‘we’ve created more than almost 600,000 jobs’ in the first three months of 2017, saying companies including Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Intel and Walmart were hiring thanks to him. Voters want jobs back (Picture: Cheriss May/NurPhoto) But in fact he had inflated the official figure of 533,000 jobs and took credit for growth that had, in several cases, been planned by companies before his election. Average monthly job creation was slightly down on last year at 178,000. He did fulfil his pledge to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal – which he had described as a ‘job killer’. China Before taking office he was critical of China (Picture: Getty) Trump promised to get tough on China by labeling the country a currency manipulator. But several months later, after meeting with Xi Jinping in Florida, he said: ‘Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? ‘We will see what happens!’ Obamacare Just a week before the election in November, Trump vowed to ‘immediately repeal and replace Obamacare’ – his predecessor’s landmark healthcare reform. He gave Congress an ultimatum (Picture: Richard B. Levine) But his first major piece of legislation had to be withdrawn after House Republican leaders failed to win enough support to put it to a vote. Mr Trump has since said he ‘never’ pledged to achieve the aim in the first 64 days, while it would not be in the ‘very distant future’ before he tried again. Supreme Court Mr Trump nominated conservative judge Neil Gorsuch to replace the late Antonin Scalia as a Supreme Court Justice, prompting an outcry by Democrats. Trump shakes hands with new Supreme Court judge Neil Gorsuch (Picture: Ron Sachs/Consolidated/dpa) But the Republican-controlled Senate extended a 2013 rule change to allow approval of judicial nominations to the Supreme Court by a simple majority, meaning they could confirm the president’s pick. Dog loves busker so much he refuses to move until song is over Undoubtedly a triumph for Trump, he said: ‘He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!’ Gorsuch faced an early life-or-death decision on the execution of convicted murderer Ledell Lee in Arkansas and he cast a decisive vote as he joined his four conservative colleagues to let the state’s lethal injection process go forward. Golf The Golfer in Chief (Picture: Getty) Trump criticised Obama for golfing during the Louisiana floods in August and amid lengthy airport security delays in May. But according to US website PolitiFact’s Trump Golf Tracker, the so called ‘Golfer-in-Chief’ has played 14 times so far compared to his predecessor’s zero over the same period in 2009. Final score In all, Trump made 38 promises setting out his immediate and short-term priorities once in office and so far he has accomplished 10. But Trump is unlikely to see this as a shortcoming. ‘No matter how much I achieve, media will kill,’ he claimed. No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017 MoreDonald TrumpThe Simpsons SponsoredMeet Badoo, the biggest dating app you've never heard of Trump boasts his TV interviews have best ratings since 9/11 Trump hasn't quite delivered on all those 'immediate' pledges SponsoredWeekday dinners you can actually make in 30 minutes Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Mystery behind the Antarctic's 'Blood Falls' solved after more than 100 years Woman's bikini shave went horribly wrong Veteran filmed herself shooting service dog dead after tying it to tree Teacher 'had sex 40 times with student including threesome with colleague' The Simpsons have given their verdict on Donald Trump's first 100 days in officeMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Suspected thieves target tourist at cash point A cloud formation has been seen as a beacon of hope Hammock falls from New York skyscraper and hits Brit tourist Jeremy Vine gets grief from motorists againMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: World › Donald Trump Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Thursday, April 27th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: The Vindicator seeks info on your upcoming s... Sticky: MOM'S THE WORD | Mother's Day Contest Pirates hang on to defeat Cubs 10:57 p.m. Wed MVSD moves Vigorito to unpaid leave, reveals... 10:55 p.m. Wed Woman shot to death while picking up daughte... 10:55 p.m. Wed Williamson teacher of year credits principa... 10:55 p.m. Wed Struthers judge candidate has 1984 convictio... 10:55 p.m. Wed all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS | Print Tweet Published: Thu, April 27, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND April 20 Identity fraud: An elderly Clingan Road woman learned her personal information had been compromised. April 21 Drugs: After having pulled a car over on state Route 170, authorities reportedly found a bag containing 3 grams of suspected marijuana, two devices commonly used to grind marijuana, a digital scale and a bag with a white powder. April 23 Drugs: A traffic stop on state Route 616 reportedly led to the discovery of a small bag of suspected cocaine in the vehicle. BOARDMAN April 20 Arrest: A vehicle check near South Avenue resulted in the arrest of Jason S. Dunkle-Thacker, 22, of East Judson Avenue, Youngstown, on one felony count each of fleeing and eluding police, tampering with evidence, carrying a concealed weapon and being a convicted felon with a firearm, as well as one misdemeanor count of obstructing official business. Dunkle-Thacker led authorities on a vehicular pursuit along Midlothian Boulevard that reached about 60 mph, then led them on a foot chase on Youngstown’s South Side before a witness reported having seen him toss a .40-caliber handgun from the vehicle during the pursuit, a report showed. Assault/unauthorized use of a vehicle: Officers responded to a fight at a Market Street car dealership, where a sales manager reported two women had assaulted him regarding a dispute before they fled in a Chevrolet Trailblazer. Theft: A Lockwood Boulevard woman reported the theft of a set of her husband’s school pictures he had ordered for his child. Domestic violence: A 12-year-old township boy was accused of having pushed and kicked his mother’s boyfriend four or five times as the man tried to discipline the child. Also, the boy tossed a trash can, striking the victim’s chest area, he further alleged. Drugs: Authorities booked Albert E. Miller Jr., 33, of Homestead Drive, Boardman, on warrants charging possession of drug-abuse instruments and drug paraphernalia related to a drug overdose Dec. 27, 2016, at the residence. A hypodermic needle a spoon with burn marks common in drug use and a small quantity of suspected heroin were found, a report stated. Theft: A 32-foot extension ladder was removed from a yard in the 2000 block of Mathews Road. Arrest: Officers charged Amy M. Niddel of Westview Avenue, Boardman, with violating a protection order after saying Niddel, 37, was on the property in violation of the order. Theft: A woman in her 30s reportedly stole four articles of women’s athletic clothing valued at $165 from Kohl’s, 383 Boardman-Poland Road. Harassment: A Tippecanoe Road woman said she’s received a series of derogatory text messages and Facebook posts. Theft: Police at Mahoning County Area Court on Market Street picked up Ashlyn M. Vlassich, 30, who was wanted on a felony-theft warrant. The Butler, Pa., woman was charged with stealing a Romaine Avenue woman’s wallet in February. Arrests: While responding to a report of someone in distress on Glendale Avenue, authorities arrested Daryll D. Hall, 34, on a charge of obstructing official business after saying Hall, who also was wanted on a Columbiana County warrant, had refused several times to comply with officers. Also charged with obstructing official business was Hall’s neighbor, Debra A. Debozy, 55, when, police said, she interfered several times with their investigation. Arrest: Authorities at Boardman Area Court took custody of Cheyenne K. Hough, 21, of Cook Avenue, Boardman, who had surrendered on a warrant charging her with obstructing official business. Hough was accused of providing false information Feb. 17 pertaining to a man who was wanted on a warrant, a report said. April 21 Theft: A man reportedly stole several bottles of liquor from both township Giant Eagle stores, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road, and 1201 Doral Drive. Menacing: Police responded to a possible fight at a U.S. Route 224 doughnut shop, where a manager accused an employee’s mother of threatening to harm her because of the way the accuser had spoken to the worker. Arrest: A traffic stop on Market Street resulted in the arrest of Latefa D. Stanley, 23, on a charge of obstructing official business. Stanley, of Orange Avenue, Youngstown, gave a phony name and date of birth, police said. Theft: Daniel J. Estep Jr., 34, and Charmaine A. Estep, 36, both of Ashtabula, were charged with attempted theft and theft after being accused of trying to steal two items from Home Depot, 7001 Southern Blvd. They also were accused of taking a miter saw, a 12-volt drill and a dog-fence kit earlier this month from the big-box store. Criminal damaging: A Tippecanoe Road woman told officers 100 small willow trees near her property line were run over and destroyed, for an estimated $1,796 loss. Theft: A man reportedly fled on a bicycle, then on foot after having stolen six Wii games from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive. Theft: Ruby N. Wilkie, 68, of Kendis Circle, Youngstown, was taken into custody in downtown Youngstown on a theft warrant related to an April 13 incident on a Western Reserve Transit Authority bus in which a woman had accidentally left her wallet on the vehicle after getting off near Glenwood Avenue and U.S. Route 224. Surveillance footage showed someone taking and concealing the property, a report stated. April 22 Auto theft: A 2007 Ford Explorer was stolen from a driveway in the 700 block of Cheriwood Court. Criminal damaging: A Lockwood Boulevard man reported a set of dishes and an apartment door damaged during an argument with his girlfriend. Aggravated menacing: A Prestwick Drive woman alleged a neighbor who was walking a dog had threatened to shoot the accuser or her dog after having accused the victim’s animal of being too aggressive. Burglary: To an apartment in the 3900 block of South Schenley Avenue, from which $820 in cash and an $800 pair of sunglasses were taken. Theft/criminal damaging: A Lemans Drive man discovered a touch-screen car stereo, a global-positioning-system device and a control module stolen from his mother’s car, which also sustained $100 in damage to its dashboard. Domestic violence: Gary W. Sharber, 51, of Indianola Road, Boardman, was charged with the crime after his girlfriend alleged Sharber had pushed her against a wall, causing the accuser to hit her head on a door, during an argument that was apparently related to preparing dinner. Vandalism: A tenant reportedly left numerous cigarette burns on carpeting and a bedsheet in a room before checking out of a South Avenue motel. Burglary: Took place in the 20 block of Willow Drive. Stolen from the residence were a 65-inch flat-screen TV, 75 Xbox 360 games and related items, for an estimated $1,900 loss. Theft: Rhiannon L. Summerville, 34, of Oneta Street, Youngstown, was charged in the theft of two pairs of shorts and a pair of pants from Kohl’s. Citation: A traffic stop near Market Street resulted in a minor-misdemeanor citation charging Jonathan Kpendema of East Ravenwood Avenue, Youngstown, with marijuana possession. Domestic violence: Police charged Amber L. Rotunno of Argyle Avenue, Boardman, after her stepfather alleged Rotunno, 18, had punched him one time each in the jaw and head during an argument while assembling a bed frame. Theft: Judea L. Knox, 22, of West Boston Avenue, and Ationna C. Crues, 24, of East Ravenwood Avenue, faced theft charges. The two Youngstown women were accused of taking about $530 worth of clothing from Macy’s in Southern Park Mall. Theft: Rodney E. Mock, 53, of Sanderson Avenue, Campbell, was charged in the theft of six 12-packs of energy drinks from Walmart. April 23 Harassment: A Glenwood Avenue woman said an unidentified person has sent her a series of unwanted text messages that were sexual in nature. Burglary/damage: Someone entered a township apartment via a side window before stealing two electronic tablets and damaging a 50-inch TV. Breaking and entering: Canfield police handed to Boardman authorities Matthew C. Schnur, 40, of North Palmyra Road, North Jackson, who was wanted on a warrant charging him with breaking into John Fithian Contracting Co., 8010 Southern Blvd., in February 2016. Stolen property included $10,000 worth of hand tools, a report showed. Theft: A Hopkins Road man told police he had loaned a $60 heater to someone who has refused to return it. Burglary: Through an unlocked front door at a residence in the 100 block of Prestwick Drive. Nothing appeared to be missing, though several items had been knocked off a counter. Criminal damaging: A car in the 10 block of Glenwood Avenue was found with minor scratches on its driver’s-side door. Identity fraud: A Brainard Drive man learned his checking/debit card had been used to make fraudulent charges. Theft: A Boardman woman noticed $4,800 missing from her purse while she was at a home in the 100 block of Indianola Road. Breaking and entering: Someone shattered a main-door window, then broke into a warehouse at Contemporary Furniture Showcase, 8384 Market St., though it was undetermined if anything was stolen. Other stories of interest MVSD probe finds no substance to employee racial claim Struthers judge candidate has decades-old vehicular-homicide conviction Woman killed, daughter wounded in Mespo shooting New wet playground at Wick Recreation Area to be complete in May Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Free Jane Eyre Tickets - Become a Member - Member Login Show Menu Real Estate Politics Political Contributions Tracker Bruce Murphy Data Wonk State of Politics Press Releases Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment A&E Events Campaign Cash GOP Bill Repeals Minimum Markup But business, tourism interests back current law on "unfair sales." By Wisconsin Democracy Campaign - Apr 25th, 2017 11:06 am Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email Walmart. Photo by Stu pendousmat at English Wikipedia [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0) or GFDL (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html)], via Wikimedia Commons.Republican lawmakers are once again circulating a legislative proposal to repeal the state’s minimum markup law. The minimum markup law, which is formally called the Unfair Sales Act, generally prohibits selling goods below cost and considers the practice a form of deceptive advertising that reduces competition by drawing business away from retailers that price products fairly. For general merchandise and products like gasoline, tobacco, and alcohol, the minimum markup law uses formulas that increase the minimum cost of a product from 3 percent to 9.18 percent to cover part of the seller’s cost of doing business. The arguments for and against the minimum markup law, which was enacted in 1939, generally pit large, national, retail chain stores against smaller, stand-alone or family-owned businesses. Supporters of the minimum markup law, which include grocers, convenience stores, gas stations, cooperatives, and other small businesses claim the law prevents large retail chains from slashing prices below their costs in order to put small operations out of business and create a monopoly in which the survivor may increase prices as much as they choose. Opponents of the minimum markup law argue it unfairly inflates prices paid by consumers and amounts to a form of government intervention that protects some businesses from the consequences of competing in a free market system. The measure was introduced by GOP Sen. Leah Vukmir of Brookfield, and Reps. Jim Ott of Mequon, and Dave Murphy of Greenville. Republicans control both houses of the legislature by comfortable margins. But the same bill introduced in the last legislative session by the same authors drew opposition from agriculture, business, and tourism interests, which contributed $3.8 million to Republican lawmakers, including $20,300 to Vukmir, $8,550 to Murphy, and $6,700 to Ott, between January 2011 and December 2016. The only special interest on record as favoring the 2015 proposal was Walmart. Republican lawmakers received about $114,900 from Walmart employees and political action committees (PAC) between January 2011 and December 2016. Ott received $1,000 and Murphy and Vukmir received $500 each from Walmart PACs during the period. Campaign Cash WMC Opposes Lead Pipes Bill Apr 20th, 2017 by Wisconsin Democracy Campaign That’s a Whole Lot of Manure Apr 19th, 2017 by Wisconsin Democracy Campaign Health Care Bigwigs Give Walker $44,000 Apr 17th, 2017 by Wisconsin Democracy Campaign Categories: Business, Campaign Cash, Politics Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Name * Email * Website Latest Articles & Columns Now Serving: Award Winning Brewer Comes to Town by Matt Mussa Can City Mend Highway 175? by Graham Kilmer Data Wonk: ALEC and Wisconsin’s Economy by Bruce Thompson Wisconsin Budget: More Public School Funds for Vouchers by Tamarine Cornelius Op Ed: Student Debt Hits $1.4 Trillion by Analiese Eicher Press Releases Steel: The Cycle of Industry extended through June 5 at the Grohmann Museum by Milwaukee School of Engineering Wangard Welcomes Commercial Tenants at Freshwater Plaza by Wangard Partners, Inc. D.C. Leah Hits Corrupt Washington Lobbying Group For Campaign Cash by Democratic Party of Wisconsin Read more Press Releases 3 Most Popular Murphy’s Law: The Failed Promise of Miller Park by Bruce Murphy Governor Walker Signs Project Labor Agreement Legislation Into Law by Gov. Scott Walker Plenty of Horne: New Public Museum Cost Is $150 Million by Michael Horne Become a Member Get members-only benefits Help assure the future of city’s fastest growing publication. Join Today Recent Comments DTY on Data Wonk: ALEC and Wisconsin’s Economy ThatGuy on Plenty of Horne: Menomonee Valley Lacks Transit Eric S on St. Rita Church to be Razed, Replaced Tim on St. Rita Church to be Razed, Replaced CJ on St. Rita Church to be Razed, Replaced New Faces Gathering Place Brewing Hires Head Brewer MSOE President John Y. Walz, Ph.D. to be inaugurated April 29 Kathryn A. Keppel Awarded Bishop John Paul Distinguished Alumnus Award by Aquinas Catholic Schools More New Faces Information About Advertise Calendar Contact Privacy Policy The Store Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Google plus Twitter LinkedIn The Store 755 N. Milwaukee St. Milwaukee, WI 53202 414-395-0632 Website (Hours, Directions, Products) Subscribe * indicates required First Name Last Name Email Address * © 2017, Urban Milwaukee, Inc. All rights reserved. X Be the smart one in your group of friends. Get our daily email.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us TULARE COUNTY Accused child killer Trevor Bishop takes witness stand as South Valley murder trial continues Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1921854" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The South Valley man on trial for murdering his girlfriend's three-year-old son testified on his own behalf Wednesday. (KFSN) KFSN By Brian Johnson Wednesday, April 26, 2017 07:01PM VISALIA, Calif. (KFSN) -- The South Valley man on trial for murdering his girlfriend's three-year-old son testified on his own behalf Wednesday. Trevor Bishop has been in jail for more than four years, and while testifying at his trial Wednesday, Bishop said he has thought about the case every day. "Sitting here today, do you know the cause to one vein in jimmy's brain to start leaking blood?" asked Bishop's defense attorney, Ben Smukler. "I do not," Bishop answered. While taking care of Jimmy Horton and his sister on March 21st, 2013, prosecutors believe Bishop inflicted some sort of blunt force trauma on the boy, causing him to suffer a subdural hematoma, stop breathing, and after nearly a year of being in a coma, die. Prosecutor Brenda Broker said every doctor that testified during the trial has concluded jimmy's injuries were the result of non-accidental trauma. She said those assessments conflict with Bishop's inconsistent statements to both police and medical staff about what happened that day. Bishop said Jimmy slipped and hit his head while giving him a bath, that he fell on his head after throwing him up in the air while trying to cheer him up, and that after returning home from a trip to Wal-Mart, he heard a thump, and found Jimmy unresponsive in his bedroom. "It all happened so fast, and my objective was to get him to somebody that could help," Bishop said. "Well if you had your phone with you, why didn't you call 911?" Broker asked. "I guess I didn't have time to really think, I just thought it would be faster for me to drive him there," Bishop said. Broker said witness testimony, which included two of Bishop's ex-girlfriends, proved he's a violent and manipulative person, who always wants to be in control, and accuses everyone else of lying. Bishop said he never abused Jimmy, and his lawyer says prosecutors weren't able to prove what happened to him. "The starting point in this case is that Trevor is not guilty of anything," Smukler told jurors. "Remember Judge Kalashian explained that in detail, he's presumed not guilty. He is legally not guilty and it remains that way right now. That will never change unless there's a verdict to the contrary." Closing arguments will resume Thursday, and then the jury will deliberate the case. If convicted, Bishop faces 25 years to life in state prison. Related Topics: newschild deathtulare countytrialvisaliaVisalia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. TULARE COUNTY Suspect in stolen car shot by police in Woodlake 1 dead, 1 injured in Visalia shooting Doctors in South Valley murder trial testify that child died of blunt force trauma Investigation continues after alleged sexual battery by Tulare Union janitor on student More tulare county NEWS Authorities investigating a homicide in Kings County Suspect in stolen car shot by police in Woodlake The message the family of one shooting spree victim has for suspect Kori Muhammad's family Trump agrees 'not to terminate NAFTA at this time' Backyard chickens could soon be banned in the nation's capital More News Top Stories The message the family of one shooting spree victim has for suspect Kori Muhammad's family Suspect in stolen car shot by police in Woodlake Authorities investigating a homicide in Kings County Undercover officers spread out across Fresno to crack down on disabled placard violators Expert weighs in on suspected shooter's mental state following phone call to ABC30 DA files charges against Kori Muhammad for Fresno shooting spree School bus driver's nudity backs up sex charges, DA says Show More 1 dead, 1 injured in Visalia shooting VIDEO | Kingsburg Police search for suspects in overnight drive-by shooting Orange Cove double homicide suspect Jairo Mancilla pleads not guilty What's in Trump's tax plan that promises 'massive' cuts Shots fired amid search for Del. trooper shooting suspect More News Top Video The message the family of one shooting spree victim has for suspect Kori Muhammad's family Authorities investigating a homicide in Kings County Suspect in stolen car shot by police in Woodlake Expert weighs in on suspected shooter's mental state following phone call to ABC30 More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   home : opinion : opinion April 27, 2017 4/26/2017 4:00:00 PM Hints from the South The most complicated English-language word... By Robert Maynard Telegram Columnist Ready to explore the no less than 645 different meanings, of a very complicated verb in the English language?  Oxford's English Dictionary has just published that the word "run" has replaced the longstanding word "set" as the most complicated word in the English language.  So why is it that the word "run" has become the new Swiss army knife verb of the English language?  It has been noted that today's more frantic pace, and instant gratification society has made the word "set" seem stodgy, and passive by comparison.   Machines run, clocks run, we run apps on our phones, computers run. We even have running water which is a fairly new concept in the history of words.  There are literally hundreds of senses for the word run in the Oxford dictionary. Run aground, a run in her stocking, take the money and run, run it up the flag pole. Let us not forget "ran," a past tense for run; along with many other senses for run.  Runs in the family, run a fever, run up the clock, running on empty, home-run, river run, run to Walmart, run down a list. We could go on forever. As with any word, context is king.  Note the different meaning in the following usages:  When you "run a fever," those three letters mean something totally different than "run a bath" would mean.  Even though you might be running a bath to treat the run-up fever, the context demands a different meaning.  In fact, when I saw this article about the most complicated word in the English language, I run (ran) to my computer to find out it was already running.  So, I thought about "run."  I used to run for a pastime when I was in high school.  Then I decided to run off to welding school.  Then, I thought, I would run into several different employment opportunities.   I would often run from one job to another.  Then when I hired on at the post office I found out what running the mail was really all about.  Now I have run out of room with all this endless ramble about "run."  I hope I have not run this into the ground. So I will talk to you later; gotta RUN!!! God bless you all -- RHM  Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < April > S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 233% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 103% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Kroger Has No Business Buying Whole Foods At least one analyst thinks Kroger should pursue the organic grocery chain, but there are a number of reasons why it would be a bad move. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 26, 2017 at 7:40PM Activist hedge fund Jana Partners took a stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) earlier this month, wondering who might want to buy the natural grocery chain. A few weeks later, a better question seems to be who doesn't want to buy Whole Foods. Among the names that have been mentioned in a potential combination with the organic pioneer are Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Kroger (NYSE:KR), and Albertson's, which is now privately held. Amazon, which is aggressively pursuing a number of options in the grocery space, reportedly considered making a play at Whole Foods last fall but decided against it. News outlets now say that Amazon is considering a deal with BJ's Wholesale Club in the $4 billion range.  Meanwhile Albertson's, which owns several other banners, including Safeway and Vons, was said to be mulling an offer on Whole Foods just this week. Cerberus Capital Management, Albertson's primary investor, held preliminary talks with bankers about putting together a bid, according to the Financial Times.   And a Credit Suisse analyst made a pitch for Kroger to take over Whole Foods, saying the country's largest traditional grocer could pay in the range of $40-$45 for the organic grocery chain. Kroger, which owns a number of banners, including Ralph's, King Sooper's, and Harris Teeter, may seem like the most logical suitor for Whole Foods, as the company has a strong track record of acquisitions and has the size to absorb Whole Foods and benefit from potential synergies. However, there are a number of reasons why a deal would not make sense for Kroger. Image source: Motley Fool. 1. Kroger is already beating Whole Foods Whole Foods has posted six straight quarterly declines in comparable sales, and foresees no immediate end to the streak, as the company is forecasting a same-store sales drop for its current fiscal year. Kroger is a big reason for the recent struggles that have punished Whole Foods' stock price and opened the door for an activist investor like Jana to come in. Kroger, and other rivals like Costco and Trader Joe's, have poached Whole Foods customers by aggressively expanding into organic foods and undercutting Whole Foods on price. Kroger launched its own in-house organic brand, Simple Truth, in 2013, and grew to more than $1 billion in sales in just two years. Considering Whole Foods' own revenue is just around $16 billion, that move alone has likely pinched it, and Whole Foods has not found an adequate response to its new competition. Why would Kroger want to spend $12 billion or more on a rival it's already beating? 2. Too much potential cannabalization Whole Foods has only around 500 locations, but unlike most grocery banners it has a national footprint. The company targets upscale neighborhoods across the country, and many of its stores compete directly with Kroger brands. According to Credit Suisse analyst Edward Kelly, about 60% of Whole Foods stores are located within 10 miles of a Kroger banner. Kelly sees this as a positive for a merger, as it would create marginal savings on distribution -- but with Kroger already taking sales from Whole Foods, buying stores whose sales it can just pilfer with its own nearby locations seems like a mistake. Furthermore, despite already having 2,800 locations nationwide, Kroger still has plenty of white space in the U.S., notably in the Upper Midwest, Florida, and the Northeast. Those states where it is not represented make up more than a quarter of the U.S. population. Acquiring a banner in one of those regions, like Fairway, Acme, or Publix, would make a lot more sense than taking over Whole Foods.  Such a deal would help Kroger avoid overpenetrating states like Colorado, its most densely populated market, where it already has one store for approximately every 38,000 people. Colorado is also one of Whole Foods' most densely penetrated markets, with 20 stores in the Rocky Mountain state, and the company recently said it would close two of its locations there, a sign it may have overexpanded. 3. It's not a good time Kroger isn't exactly without its own problems. Its own stock dipped when the company recently posted its first decline in comparable sales in thirteen years due to food deflation and pressure from Wal-Mart, and the company is busy making investments in lower prices to expand its Clicklist grocery pick-up program, and to remodel and integrate its recent acquisition of Roundy's. With just $322 million in cash on its balance sheet and $14 billion in debt, Kroger isn't exactly well positioned to absorb a major acquisition like Whole Foods, and using its stock to pay for such a deal seems ill-advised as shares have fallen more than 25% since their peak at the end of 2015. Whole Foods also carries a much higher earnings multiple than Kroger, meaning the company would lose out twice in a stock-based deal, paying nearly twice as much for Whole Foods' earnings. For now, Kroger would be better off focusing its attention on shoring up its own business than taking on another banner. If the company becomes interested in making another acquisition, it would be better off focusing on new markets rather than absorbing a company with which 60% of its stores already overlap. Who knows if Whole Foods will wind up in someone else's hands -- but Kroger's management should know better. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 26, 2017 at 7:40PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $909.29 up $1.67 (0.18%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.43 up $0.38 (0.51%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $176.80 up $4.12 (2.39%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $36.35 up $0.29 (0.80%) Credit Suisse Group NYSE:CS $15.70 up $0.41 (2.68%) Kroger NYSE:KR $29.86 up $0.02 (0.07%) Read More 3 Great Stocks for Low-Risk Investors Why The Kroger Co Has Plunged 17% So Far in 2016 Kroger Makes Another Smart Acquisition What a Fresh Market Acquistion Would Mean for Kroger 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Kroger Has No Business Buying Whole Foods @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST, $WFM, $CS, $KR
VOICES Ideas and Insight From Explorers Menu Voices Home BioBlitz Cat Watch City Solutions Explorers Journal Fulbright Stories Ocean Views Voice for Elephants Water Currents Voices for Wildlife Community Rules Terms of Service Hawiian Coastal Plastic Cleanup by Young People Posted by Michael McBride of The Kachemak Bay Wilderness Lodge on April 26, 2017 (0) More » In a dive near the plastics clean up site, the author observes that oceanic plastic becomes harder to observe as it degrades into smaller and smaller pieces making it lethal for more and more life forms in the food web Optimism versus pessimism, how do we find balance between the two when confronting the environmental challenges of today? The older generation has many opportunities to help young people to be optimistic about the future — by encouraging them to take action.  The sea offers us inspiration to act (it is la mere in French, our mother). In Hawaii, a small volunteer shoreline cleanup was facilitated by elders, then a group of determined and optimistic young people demonstrated clearly that the one thing we must not do today, is to do nothing. We were a small group of volunteers; among us, three fun loving Alaskan girls, Tammy, Daisy and Molly. They chose to do this hard work rather than bask on the beach. They were visitors to the Island who got one look at this lovely curve of shore and felt compelled to act. We sought advice from our cheer-leader, resident-grandfather-of -12-carpenter, Robin Reyes who was working nearby.  He said though he respected and supported our work, the changing tides and winds will soon cover it with plastic garbage again. It appears that this mid-Pacific hook in the shoreline is acting as a collecting point of detritus from near and far. In spite of that, these hardworking members of the younger generation keep a sense of optimism about the future because they are doing the best they can with what is before them. Just getting to the cleanup site was an adventure in itself through the dense Polynesian jungle The fact is that the world’s beaches from Arctic to Antarctic are in many                                                                         places, or most places, literally paved with plastic detritus. https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/world-s-oceans-clogged-by-millions-of-tons-of-plastic-trash/ Scientific American reports in this link that for every foot of shoreline around the world, there are the equivalent of 5 grocery bags of plastic debris, millions of tons of it adrift in the worlds rotating current gyres. The big stuff is obvious and sometimes removable, but all of it is constantly being broken up into smaller and smaller bits by UV sunlight and the surf. The only thing we must not do in the face of this growing disaster or others like it, is to think it is not our problem. Humanity must take a serious look at the amount of plastic that we are allowing to get into the ocean. We must nurture optimism in our own hearts and the hearts of others, with the belief  that anything we do for the common good really matters and does indeed make a difference. It is shocking to see that this semi-isolated cliff -bracketed boulder beach on the north coast of the  Big Island is littered with a nasty assortment of plastic objects large and small. There were many tons of plastic and commercial fishing net debris in this small cove. Volunteer beach combers could only scratch the surface. http://blog.oceanconservancy.org/2013/01/22/unfortunately-junk-beach-lives-up-to-its-name/ There are ugly snarls of commercial fishing trawl net, some sections of which might weigh a ton. Floating nets like these are especially notorious because they attract fish; from little guys to giants who get tangled in them, die, and attract more creatures to these death traps. In a piece-count of commercial Japanese fishing floats we realize that 200’ of beach yielded almost 200 styro-foam floats and scores more, big and small, in a variety of shapes and colors. Friends reported seeing an entire small car washing back and forth in the surf perhaps kept afloat by the four tires. South Point on the opposite side of the Island has seen a lot of debris from the Nuclear Reactor disaster site at Fukushima Japan. The remote Aleutians, and much of Alaska’s coast is littered with this same debris.  We wondered what dangers we might face from radiation dealing with these articles? This insidious risk is magnified by knowing that more than one cleaner of beach garbage has been swept away, gone forever with a single rogue wave, indeed, there was a fatality on a nearby island recently. Beach-combers beware ! I have participated in shore clean-ups for more than 30 years and has never been more dismayed than looking down at this little half-moon beach. Seen from high above the amount of plastic is staggering but on hands and knees among the logs and boulders below, one sees that there are literally billions of small and smaller bits where the crashing surf and rolling boulders is grinding the plastic into bits so small that they will be ingested by small and smaller marine organisms. These are in turn eaten by large and larger organisms thereby threatening virtually all the fish that we would like to eat. The beach is out of sight to all but a few daring surfers and those who come to watch them. The surfers scramble down a low place on the cliff, belaying themselves with a permanent rope and using steps chipped into the basalt.  We are just downhill from the sleepy little towns of Kapaau and Hawi on the  Hamakua Coast on the north tip of the Big Island of Hawaii. The residents call this desecrated jut of wave lashed shore, Lighthouse Point. Necropsies of dead turtles, fish, whales and sea birds reveal that they are attracted to plastic bags and Styrofoam pieces large and small. The saddest images are those of albatross, already threatened and endangered whose desiccated bodies on remote islands reveal stomach’s bursting with plastic garbage killing the glorious birds slowly and horribly.  There is a monstrous but largely unseen Pacific Gyre of floating garbage beyond our view but it too prompted us to act. Bent at the waist for hours at a time among the slippery ankle and leg breaking boulders the young people fill one huge black contractor garbage bag after another. There was a mind-boggling assortment of plastic stuff, at least one of everything you might buy at a Wall Mart or True Value hardware store. A few tons of garbage were sadly left behind, too heavy to pull by hand up the cliff face. “The girls above cried down to me, “’not too full please, it’s all we can do to pull the bags up the face of this cliff!” These young women poured their hearts                                      and muscles  into the work We can only imagine what the ohana (family) of King Kamehameha I 1736-1819 might have thought over 200 years ago about this drifting oceanic garbage washing ashore in his “front yard” on the Alenuihaha Channel. Born just offshore of where we work, he was brought to land just a few miles east of here. He grew up to create the independent Kingdom of Hawaii in the face of colonialization.  His ancestors still live here in harmony with nature.   Across the generations the first residents were and still are intimately familiar with this shore where limu-kohu, a delectable edible intertidal sea vegetable flourishes. Opihi is a cone shaped , a single shelled grazing mollusk flourishes here too and is considered a delicacy by those brave enough to dart among the foaming waves to gather them from to the boulders to which they tenaciously cling. Near shore fish like Upolu are abundant even in the surf zone. The ancients had ingenious ways to catch them from shore. This delicious silvery fish can weigh as much as a small person. Abuse and neglect and pollution of the sea threatens all of this and much more of course. Marine garbage threatens each of us as well. “As goes the sea, so goes all the earth”. “In taking care of the sea, we take care of ourselves.” The young people  hauling contractor bags up the face of the 60’ cliff, hand over hand with half inch nylon rope, they  knew something about difficult challenges. We have dedicated our work to Nianoa Thompson and the crew of the Hawaiian ocean going canoe of ancient design. They have given the world an example of successfully facing a huge challenge — sailing around the world on a three year epic. http://www.nationalgeographic.com/adventure/adventurers-of-the-year/2017/hokulea-nainoa-thompson/ Now headed home they will have visitied 150 ports in 27 nations to create a “lei of hope” around the globe. Everywhere it goes, Hokulea is calling attention to the tragedy of ocean plastic and other forms of garbage, thus its nickname, “the lei of hope”.  “Just as we care for our own health, we must care for the sea, whose oxygen producing energy gives us every second breath”. Whenever you visit a lovely place in nature for the calmness and inspiration that it offers, you might consider the idea that you can pay a “voluntary admission fee” by simply leaving it cleaner than you found it. Hiking a trail in the forest or along the shore, you can easily carry a backpack with a garbage bag liner and bring the junk back to a recycle site. It’s easy to do, no problem and it makes you feel good to take care of what we enjoy for free. It’s so much more fun when you involve young people in your                                                                                            outdoor activities — like beach cleanups. What can you do if you don’t live near the coast? Volunteer at the Elementary School — or at any school;  organize a community roadside clean-up. Most important of all, become involved in the political process that supports candidates who care deeply of taking care of the air, land and water. Hold your elected officials responsible for the health of our lands and seas and the air above them. With optimism fortified by pluck, courage, and informed hard work, we intend that seven generations from now, our grandchildren will inherit clean air, clean water and an earth that they can live on happily, sustainably and peacefully. The only thing we must not do — is to do nothing! (Then have fun doing the best you can !)     (0) More » Post a comment Name:* Email:* Location: Comment: cancel reply National Geographic Voices Researchers, conservationists, and others share stories, insights and ideas about Our Changing Planet, Wildlife & Wild Spaces, and The Human Journey. More than 50,000 comments have been added to 10,000 posts. Explore the list alongside to dive deeper into some of the most popular categories of the National Geographic Society's conversation platform Voices. Opinions are those of the blogger and/or the blogger's organization, and not necessarily those of the National Geographic Society. Posters of blogs and comments are required to observe National Geographic's community rules and other terms of service. Voices director: David Braun (dbraun@ngs.org) Fighting Wildlife Crime: The Unsung Heroes Journalist and National Geographic Fellow Bryan Christy uses investigative journalism to expose illegal wildlife trafficking around the globe. In this video he introduces a a series of interviews with the people fighting wildlife crime on the front lines. Watch all the videos in the series>> Recent Posts Conservation Music Lands in Maseru with Positive Vibrations April 26, 2017 Conservation Music Team Spring is the Season of Love! Penguin Nesting and Pairing Begins April 25, 2017 Shedd Aquarium The Wild President: New Film Celebrates Jimmy Carter’s River Legacy April 25, 2017 Amy Kober Misool bluewater shark baitball: A sign of conservation success in Raja Ampat, Indonesia April 25, 2017 Carl Safina Wake Up, This Is Your Kea Alarm April 25, 2017 James Russell Diving for Coral Conservation: Chichiriviche Hope Spot April 24, 2017 Shilpi Chhotray 1Frame4Nature | Clay Bolt April 24, 2017 International League of Conservation Photographers “The Fish on My Plate” review – Author and fisherman Paul Greenberg tells us which fish to eat, which to avoid and which we’re running out of April 24, 2017 Carl Safina National Geographic Photo Ark Spotlight: Key Largo Woodrat April 24, 2017 David Maxwell Braun Unique Encounters at the Charles Darwin Research Station in Galapagos April 23, 2017 Guest Blogger Blog Search Search for: Fulbright-National Geographic The Fulbright-National Geographic Digital Storytelling Fellowship provides a unique platform for U.S. Fulbright awardees to build awareness of transnational challenges, comparing and contrasting cross-border issues. Their stories are shared on National Geographic digital platforms using a variety of digital storytelling tools, including text, photography, video, audio, graphic illustrations and/or social media. Meet the Fellows and follow their adventures across the world on the Fulbright-National Geographic Storytelling blog. Follow the links on the sidebar of any of the blog's pages for details and tips on how to apply for a Fellowship. Photo of the 2016/2017 class of Fellows by Randall Scott. Featured Research: Mushara Elephant Project Caitlin O'Connell and her husband, Tim Rodwell, started the Mushara Elephant Project in Namibia 24 years ago to better understand elephant social structure, communication and health in order to apply this knowledge to improved care in captivity and ultimately to elephant conservation in the wild. O’Connell is on the faculty at Stanford University School of Medicine and CEO of the elephant-focused nonprofit, Utopia Scientific. A grantee of the National Geographic Society, she is also an award-winning author of six books about elephants. Read Caitlin's dispatches from Mushara. Nat Geo Expedition: Rising Star Two years after being discovered deep in a South African cave, the 1,500 fossils excavated during the Rising Star Expedition have been identified as belonging to a previously unknown early human relative that National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence Lee Berger and team have named Homo naledi. With at least 15 individuals of all ages and both sexes represented, the find adds an unprecedented amount of information to our understanding of early human evolution in Africa. In addition, the absence of any other animal remains or large debris in the fossil chamber strongly suggests that these non-human beings intentionally deposited their dead within this cave. Join the discussion surrounding this remarkable discovery here and on Twitter: #NalediFossils @LeeRBerger @NatGeoExplorers Support National Geographic We've supported more than 11,000 grants to scientists and others in the field. Learn more about our work. >>
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How many campaign pledges has Donald Trump delivered on? By Press Association Published: 19:34 EDT, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 19:34 EDT, 26 April 2017 e-mail Donald Trump promised to start work on a host of major reforms “immediately” upon taking office as US president. The billionaire Republican set out a 100-day action plan he called his “contract with the American people”, in which he made pledges on issues from immigration to jobs. He was also a vociferous critic of the previous White House occupant, Barack Obama, calling him out over his handling of everything from healthcare to how often he played golf. US presidents' average approval rating after 100 days in office. So how has President Trump matched up to candidate Trump? Here is a comparison of his campaign rhetoric against the reality. The Wall A youth looks at a new, taller fence being built along the border (Rodrigo Abd/AP) A key pledge that earned wild cheers at campaign rallies but drew derision from domestic and international opponents, Mr Trump’s contract included a vow to introduce an End Illegal Immigration Act that “fully-funds the construction of a wall on our southern border with the full understanding that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall”. Within days of his inauguration, the president signed an executive order kick-starting the project and contract requests were prepared by US Customs and Border Protection by mid-March. But progress has stalled, with Mexico so far refusing to entertain the idea of paying for the wall, forcing Mr Trump to propose immediate budget cuts of 18 billion dollars (£14 billion) from US programmes like medical research, infrastructure and community grants and the allocation of 1.4 billion dollars (£1.1 billion) for a down payment on the border barrier. The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017 Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017 The spending plans face strong resistance from Democrats as they go before Congress in a budget vote which could lead to a government shutdown on the president’s 100th day. Mr Trump has told a gathering of conservative media reporters that he might be willing to wait until September for the funding for the wall. But he has continued to defend the wall in a recent string of tweets. On Monday, he tweeted: “The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If .the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall.” Immigration 'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' pic.twitter.com/wAelwuQ4BE— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 His contract promised action to “suspend immigration from terror-prone regions” and introduce “extreme vetting” at the border. And just seven days into his tenure, he issued an executive order which barred those fleeing from Syria indefinitely and imposed a 90-day ban on entry to the US for people from seven Muslim-majority nations. But the president appeared not to have anticipated resistance from the judiciary, with judges blocking both the initial and a revised travel ban, leaving this cornerstone pledge snarled up in a legal fight. The US has imposed a ban on passengers having large electronics in cabin bags when flying from mostly Middle Eastern and North African countries, though. Islamic State (IS) ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen here, too! #BigLeagueTruth pic.twitter.com/U5hDdIc4rC— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 20, 2016 Mr Trump accused his predecessor of causing the rise of the militant group in Iraq and Syria and subsequently failing to prevent their atrocities in the Middle East and the West. During the campaign he was confident he could “fix it fast” and promised in his inaugural address to “eradicate completely from the face of the Earth” radical Islamic terrorism. This was unlikely to be achieved inside 100 days and the US-led military coalition had already reported significant gains against IS, particularly in Iraq, before Mr Trump took office. But Mr Trump has shown a willingness to throw more resources into the effort to drive the extremists out, deploying hundreds more troops to help local Syrian forces retake the IS stronghold of Raqqa and authorising the use of the largest non-nuclear weapon ever used in combat by the US military, dubbed the “mother of all bombs”, on an IS hideout in Nangarhar province, Afghanistan. Nato LOOK WHO's HERE ! @usairforce F-35 Lightning II deployed to Ämari AB #Estonia #AlliedStrong #StrongEurope pic.twitter.com/sVX9TUJHHW— estNATO (@estNATO) April 25, 2017 Having said during the campaign that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation was “obsolete” and criticising other members whose security he believed was being subsidised by the US, Mr Trump has now made a complete u-turn. The 28-nation military alliance had not undergone any substantial reform in response to Mr Trump’s barbs when, earlier this month at a press conference with the organisation’s secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg, the president declared: “I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.” He also repeated calls for countries to meet a 2014 agreement to boost defence spending to 2% of gross domestic product over the next decade. Russia Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 13, 2017 As a candidate and even as president-elect, the property tycoon said a closer relationship with Russia was a “good thing”, claimed Russian president Vladimir Putin had called him a “genius” and suggested the country would “respect us far more” once he took office. But Mr Trump’s administration has been plagued with allegations of Russian interference and hacking during the election campaign, as well as an FBI probe into the president’s associates’ alleged improper ties with the country. And Mr Putin’s refusal to abandon Syrian president Bashar Assad over a chemical weapons attack on civilians has seen Mr Trump admit relations are at an “all-time low”. Jobs JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!https://t.co/XGOQPHywrt pic.twitter.com/B5Qbn6llzE— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 6, 2017 “We will bring back our jobs,” went the much-repeated, eagerly-received rallying cry to supporters across America and in particular in the disenchanted Rust Belt. Earlier this month, Mr Trump said “we’ve created more than almost 600,000 jobs” in the first three months of 2017 and has hailed announcements by companies including Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Intel and Walmart that they are hiring in the US. But in fact he had inflated the official figure of 533,000 jobs and took credit for growth that had, in several cases, been planned by companies before his election. Average monthly job creation was slightly down on last year at 178,000. He did fulfil his pledge to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal – which he had described as a “job killer”. China Thank you President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan for your visit to the United States 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/VLvzyDMiiY— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 9, 2017 The reality TV star promised to get tough on China “immediately” by directing his treasury secretary to label the country a currency manipulator. But several months later, after meeting with the China’s president Xi Jinping in Florida, the president appeared convinced of just the opposite. He tweeted: “Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!” Obamacare We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep & tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill https://t.co/opzrXJigGA pic.twitter.com/C7snoRafPI— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 23, 2017 Just a week before the election in November, Mr Trump vowed to “immediately repeal and replace Obamacare” – his predecessor’s landmark healthcare reform. But his first major piece of legislation had to be withdrawn after House Republican leaders failed to win enough support to put it to a vote. Mr Trump has since said he “never” pledged to achieve the aim in the first 64 days, while it would not be in the “very distant future” before he tried again. Supreme Court Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for America! #SCOTUS pic.twitter.com/8KGFSk8BFj— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 10, 2017 Mr Trump nominated conservative judge Neil Gorsuch to replace the late Antonin Scalia as a Supreme Court Justice, prompting an outcry by Democrats. But the Republican-controlled Senate extended a 2013 rule change to allow approval of judicial nominations to the Supreme Court by a simple majority, meaning they could confirm the president’s pick. Undoubtedly a triumph for Mr Trump, he said: “He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!” Gorsuch faced an early life-or-death decision on the execution of convicted murderer Ledell Lee in Arkansas and he cast a decisive vote as he joined his four conservative colleagues to let the state’s lethal injection process go forward. Golf Tiger Woods and Donald Trump hit the golf course (via @izzy_pecoraro) pic.twitter.com/qD9w7uqi0b— Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) December 23, 2016 Mr Trump was a vocal critic of Mr Obama’s golfing exploits, calling him out for taking to the course during the Louisiana floods in August and amid lengthy airport security delays in May. But according to US website PolitiFact’s Trump Golf Tracker, the so called “Golfer-in-Chief” has played 14 times so far compared to his predecessor’s zero over the same period in 2009. Final score No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2017 In all, his contract made 38 promises setting out his immediate and short-term priorities once in office and so far, according to the Associated Press, he has accomplished 10. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage and curvaceous figure in cropped top and bikini bottoms while poolside in Mexico Another pool look 'Photoshop, Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants PICTURED: Cheryl puts the lavish home she shared with ex-husband on the market for £5million as she focuses on new life with Liam Payne 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' Will amicably co-parent their newborn son Eissa Kate Wright shares a very busty throwback from recent trip to Ibiza... after QUITTING The Only Way Is Essex as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her birthday Ferne McCann talks childbirth during cameo on The Mummy Diaries... filmed BEFORE she revealed she was pregnant by her acid attack suspect ex Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico It's a cover up Bikini-clad Amber Turner puts on a sizzling display alongside a glam Megan McKenna to film for TOWIE's series finale... as fans call for her to be SACKED Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Due date is approaching Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour Their year-old daughter Luna is coming! Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Missing out on girls' trip Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes behind in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights with daughter Madison 'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit Reminiscent of the ones worn on iconic 90's show Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Racy Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere An elegant pure white outfit Cate Blanchett cuts a chic figure in elegant pleated frock at Tribeca Film Festival screening When it comes to fashion, she's always a cut above the rest Rising star! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK 'Have you lost weight?' Fans share their concern as Megan McKenna posts snap of her notably slender body ahead of TOWIE pool party 'I was made to feel like a cheap whore': Ashley James reveals she changed her racy top at fashion event after cab driver took a picture of her breasts Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price The 48-year-old singer had slashed the price Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical  Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave White House party because all she could do was cry  Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Daisy Lowe makes a statement with a bold red lip at London launch... as Claudia Winkleman flaunts her ample assets in a plunging black dress What would the Neighbours say? Jodi Anasta and Olympia Valance STRIP DOWN to sheer bras and stockings in sultry photo shoot 'My son has a lot to live up to': Orlando Bloom admits he 'broke the internet' as he discusses THOSE Katy Perry naked paddle board shots A pop of pink! Crown Princess Mary clutches a colourful bouquet of BALLOON flowers as she tours a hospital for seriously sick children Visiting children TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou sizzles in sexy cut-out swimwear as she enjoys ice cream and a passionate kiss with beau James Lock at finale wrap party 'They're keen to keep it quiet': Amber Dowding and Chris Clark are officially dating again... as TOWIE fans turn on him following his split with Jesy Nelson Such a ladies van! Brooklyn Beckham flaunts his flashy new £35,000 Land Rover to female companions as he heads for a ride in London 'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing her late dad'S legacy Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party Trying the blonde bombshell look Lily Collins rocks leather pants and red lips for WE Day cocktail party Golden Globe nominee gave a talk at the Inglewood Forum Steph Davis ups the glam in skin-tight leggings and sky-high heels as she takes son for a stroll... after confirming she's back together with Jeremy  'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Married to physician Jason Wimberly Victoria's Secret models pose for fashion shoot on Westminster Bridge just yards from where tourists lost their lives in terror attack just a month ago Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot Hitting the beach 'She's an attention-seeker!' Chloe Sims continues to vent fury over Megan McKenna as she brands her 'fake' over closeness to ex Pete Wicks on TOWIE The Only Way is... back! Lauren Pope is set to make explosive return to TOWIE after two year break... and reveals she had a fling with Dan Edgar PICTURED: Could this be Beyonce and Jay Z's new pad? A-list couple put in $120m bid on sprawling Bel Air mansion complete with servants' quarters 'Perspective is a b****': Kim Kardashian vows to work on 'better lighting and angles' as she slams the haters in foul-mouthed tweet amid un-airbrushed bikini furore PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in LA One-on-one time Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party Taste of success! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber toast Wolfgang Puck's star on the Walk Of Fame at celebratory party for the famous chef One to watch! Gemma Arterton puts on leggy display in super-chic flapper dress at the glitzy Omega anniversary bash in London Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London She sheer is the main attraction! Busty Ashley James flashes her toned tummy in mesh detail top at underwear launch in London All eyes were on her Lucy Mecklenburgh looks sensational as she flaunts her sun-kissed skin and gym-honed figure in a demure peplum dress for Boux Avenue launch Futuristic flair! Rita Ora dons metallic silver coat over bright neon designer outfit as she steps out in New York Needed to stand out from the crowd Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Magic Mike hunk  'It was an "us or them" situation': Spice Girls talent show to find two new stars has been AXED 'after Victoria Beckham and Mel C refused to be replaced'  Made In Chelsea newcomer Daisy Robins reveals she 'spent the night' with Lewis Bloor... after kissing snap that saw him make a dig at his ex Marnie Simpson Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party With his girls EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Rubbernecking gatecrashers will be denied access to Pippa's wedding  Not a public wedding SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: My £31,000 diamond and gold watch, by Redgrave: Actress says it is one of 'my favourite things' SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: No chance of Harry's ex getting camera shy! Picture of Chelsy Davy in a bikini is posted by hotel heiress She knows how to make a splash! Sam Faiers sizzles in a busty bikini as she spends the day at Legoland in Dubai with baby son Paul TOWIE's Courtney Green displays her VERY ample cleavage in perilously plunging swimwear and semi-sheer sarong for finale pool party 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Love Island's Tina Stinnes looks set to cause havoc for Jamie and Frankie in EXPLOSIVE Made In Chelsea episode... after slamming the show Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for ANOTHER provocative snap Superfit Kourtney Kardashian shows off her white bits as she makes an eye-popping display of underboob again in a teeny electric blue bikini Seeing double! Megan McKenna and Amber Dowding slip into skimpy swimsuits as they get to work on the set of TOWIE series finale  Amber Heard says she's 'missing' pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with boyfriend Elon Musk following dog smuggling drama with ex Johnny Depp 'Why can't they say chorizo properly?': MasterChef viewers slam professional cook for his pronunciation of the Spanish sausage (so how DO you say it?) Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Arnold Schwarzenegger's son Christopher goes casual as he enjoys family time with his sister Katherine and their mother Maria Shriver Curvy Kelly Brook is the perfect hourglass in a sophisticated off-the-shoulder dress for food launch Looked glamorous at London's Tower Bridge 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Personal struggles Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Returned to her Manhattan apartment  Tallia Storm looks devilishly sexy in lacy bralette and chic bomber jacket as she flaunts her abs at London art exhibition Looking good Make-up free Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, is beams while preparing to jet out of Los Angeles with her husband Aaron, 26... as he toys with quitting acting Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Lucy Mecklenburgh oozes confidence in TINY string bikini as she flaunts slim figure for racy Instagram... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls Baby got back(hand)! Hailey Baldwin flaunts her incredibly toned abs in her underwear as she posts sexy new video of herself winning tennis match Seventy-seventh heaven! Al Pacino kisses hot girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, as they take a romantic dip in Mexico on his 77th birthday Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Toned physique Katie Price shocks viewers as she says the N-word TWICE on live TV while discussing the online bullying her son Harvey has faced Pop heartthrob Harry Styles is flocked by hordes of screaming fans as he arrives in Paris during whirlwind promotional tour 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Been sober for the past 18 months Whoops! Madonna calls out 'lies' in Blond Ambition biopic script... but video evidence proves she had made those claims herself Awkward...  X Factor's Craig Colton looks downcast as he's spotted for first time since horrifying homophobic knife attack at his home Vicious knife attack 'When I was bigger I had to depend on humour': Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt reveals larger frame created more job opportunities 'I am heart-broken': Jodie Foster leads tributes to Oscar-winning Silence Of The Lambs director Jonathan Demme who has died at age 73 Another one for the mantel! Dapper Antonio Banderas, 56, is joined by stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as he's honoured by the King of Spain Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot Showed plenty of skin despite the clouds 'She's not coming out': Ellen DeGeneres relives fight to announce she was gay 20 years after becoming the first lead character to do so Looking back 'He's not going anywhere': Jennifer Hudson reveals she in 'no hurry' to marry fiancé of nine years David Otunga Happy as they are Gone to the dogs! Salma Hayek tells Ellen DeGeneres how her pooches crashed a wedding... and made the bride cry by eating the cake 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Not happy From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana, 71, reveals she is living in a motel room with five family members Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign Another wild night in Mexico! Kourtney Kardashian wears bra top as she straddles blonde female friend during rowdy vacation Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC American Horror Story co-stars Party-hard Scott Disick links up with gorgeous Brit model Ella Ross AGAIN in West Hollywood... and he's taken newly-single Tyga under his wild wing Hear me roar! Demi Lovato gets HUGE lion tattoo on hand (but Cara Delevingne and Justin Bieber did it first) With 20 plus tattoos, there is not much room Don't worry, be hoppy: Bethenny Frankel's ex breaks into a smile after his trial for 'stalking and harassing' the Real Housewives star is pushed back to June No kryptonite here! Melissa Benoist looks every bit the superheroine as she is joined by Tyler Hoechlin on Supergirl set Working hard Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Enjoyed a day out with his family Nicolas Cage, 53, breaks ankle in 'freak accident' and is undergoing emergency surgery forcing him to take two weeks off from action film #211 Take some inspiration? Caitlyn Jenner rocks white dress and trench... after ex Kris Jenner wore near identical outfit a year ago Someone has to make the big bucks! Jennifer Lopez looks stressed while shooting Shades Of Blue in NYC... as retired beau A-Rod is not seen Kill-ian Murphy! Peaky Blinders actor Cillian is back to his violent ways as Tommy Shelby as he and co-star Adrien Brody brandish guns on the set of the hit show Suited and booted! Lily James teams her post-WWII costume with UGG BOOTS as she takes a break on the set of drama flick Guernsey Dressed in character They have a spark! Lena Dunham and boyfriend Jack Antonoff pack on the PDA in New York...after celebrating five years together 'We're not in competition': Justin Theroux insists he isn't intimidated by wife Jennifer Aniston's success... and reveals they may work together  A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Directorial debut Pregnant Serena Williams steps out in style in Canada as she makes her first public appearance since accidentally revealing she was expecting Foot-Loose Women! TV hosts are put through their paces as they perform one of Steps' classic routines during impromptu dance-off with band WhatsApp-ening here? Pregnant Danielle Lloyd sneaks a peek at fiancé Michael O'Neill's phone as she goes make-up free in snakeskin print tracksuit for stroll Vanessa Hudgens manages a smile while out with friends after her new show Powerless is axed mid-season  Yanked from the NBC schedule Johnny Depp slams ex managers for blaming $40M debt on reckless spending before revealing he spent $5M on cannon to shoot pal's ashes 'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose Posted on Facebook That's some coffee run! George Clooney hitches a ride with the Muppets and more iconic characters in search of a caffeine fix for new ad The wait is over! Country superstar Shania Twain, 51, will release first album in 15 years after painful divorce sidelined her New music this summer 'Stressed' BGT's George Sampson, reveals he's getting a £9k hair transplant after dance moves caused severe balding 'It was like therapy': Coronation Street's Jane Danson admits moving Michelle Connor stillbirth storyline helped her come to terms with losing her own baby My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in Snapchat video Very cute Ready to take the next step! Vicky Pattison and beau John Noble share steamy smooch as they hunt for their first home together in Newcastle Happy couple Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Had lunch with a friend Paula Patton plays it cool in chic silk bomber jacket and skinny jeans on set of new thriller Somewhere Between Couldn't keep the smile off her face What a difference a day makes! Kim Kardashian turns the other cheek to unairbrushed picture frenzy as she slips into another racy Dior bikini  Coleen Rooney shows off her toned figure in skin-tight sportswear as she hits the gym following family trip It was business as usual for Coleen Cheers to that! Natalie Zea shares a toast on Instagram before announcing her hilarious TV show The Detour has landed a third season Blonde bombshell Baby brain? Alex Jones showcases her sleek post-baby figure as she leaves The One Show ... after making embarrassing blunder on air with Chris Pratt Latina ladies! OITNB's Jackie Cruz and Power Rangers' Becky G team up for Billboard panel in Miami Discussed various cultural concerns Hilaria Baldwin recalls watching husband Alec's movie Working Girl when she was four (and he was 30) A significant age difference 'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash 'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Held the bottom of her growing bump Shakira plays tourist while filming new video with Carlos Vives on the streets of Barcelona... as she prepares to release her eleventh album The honeymoon period hasn't worn off! Smitten Pierce Brosnan and wife of 15 years Keely Shaye Smith cuddle at NRDC's Stand Up For The Planet benefit 'It was pretty wild': Maksim Chmerkovskiy talks about 'drunk' man's attempt to break into his family home at 2am  Security scare 'She was the best mom ever': Emmy Rossum describes childhood raised by single mother in candid new post about family Revealed: Why Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor underwent a 'manboob' reduction  The reality TV star had cosmetic surgery in Beverly Hills It's Scott to be the real deal! Kylie Jenner and rumoured new love interest Travis look very cosy as they are pictured together for the first time at NBA game Namaste like this for the picture: Flexy Pixie Lott slips into a teeny polka dot bikini as she contorts her body for early morning yoga in flashback snap Contestant on The Chase FAILS in her bid to win £4,000 to 'date' Micheal Bolton - but Bradley Walsh still makes the superfan's dream come true The Temptations bass player Kerry Turman dies aged 59 just hours after performing show alongside The Beach Boys Fund dead on Sunday  'She wants a boy more than I do': Basketball icon Kobe Bryant and wife already have three daughters... but a fourth could be on the horizon Enjoying retirement A total Mi-Mick! Jagger's lovechild Lucas is the spitting image of his rock star father as he parties up a storm at a Dolce & Gabbana party in Brazil Serena Williams reveals she announced her pregnancy on social media by ACCIDENT as she opens up about why she fell for geek fiancee Off-duty Jennifer Lawrence transforms into a sexy Russian spy with a platinum wig and blunt bangs as she films Red Sparrow in Slovakia 'Me, by me!': Rita Ora caresses her cleavage as she teasingly pulls down her top in very racy Instagram selfie   She's not afraid to show her sexy side  She's so Kardashian! Chelsea Handler flashes her butt cheeks in thong undies as she continues to mimic the family she's known for trashing On Snapchat 'There are darker times to come': Corrie's Chris Harper hints Bethany Platt will be raped again as he reveals storyline has had 'brilliant' reaction A new romance! John Mayer finally moves on from ex Katy Perry by 'finding love with actress Natalie Morales' Not to be confused with TV host of same name Gold and Silv-stedt! Socialite Victoria shows off her impressive abs in metallic knitted bra top and fitted pencil skirt at charity event in NY Justin Bieber's 'bodyguard hurled anti-Semitic abuse at his neighbours in campaign of terror'... three years after suing singer for egging their home Harry Styles sends Twitter into a frenzy as he announces week-long residency on James Corden's The Late Late Show Jesse Williams is spotted for first time since news of his divorce broke... amid claims he's been linked to actress Minka Kelly Prince's home in Toronto which he decorated with purple carpets and the symbol he changed his name to goes up for sale for $13million  Bachelor baby fever! Ali, Jillian, Emily, DeAnna, Desiree and Ashley poses with their children for special reunion photo shoot Caught in the act! Christina Aguilera  puts on a busty display in a low cut black dress as she sneaks out of a Hollywood restaurant via the back door Chelsea Clinton receives award for volunteering with her family's foundation after insisting she's not running for public office  Blue is the colour! Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden co-ordinates her look from top to toe as she's greeted by the Dutch King Willem-Alexander at The Hague Maria Sharapova returns to training ahead of Stuttgart comeback and will find out if she can compete at the French Open next month Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles steps out with husband Michael Bleau in the midst of Mel B and Stephen Belafonte's explosive divorce battle Happy chappy! Hunky American actor Jason Momoa appears giddy greeting fans in a Gold Coast bar The hunky American actor is currently filming 'Little confused why I haven't been asked back...' Amy Schumer is left scratching her head about missing invite to Time 100 Gala... after THAT Kimye prank Anything for her hubby! Chrissy Teigen blasted by heavy rain and wind while racing to join John Legend at Time 100 Gala EXCLUSIVE: Sugar Bear's new wife was married to a convicted PEDOPHILE who is currently serving 35-years behind bars for child molestation Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Sports Business Real Estate 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:47 Black lawmakers call for Frank Artiles' expulsion Pause 4:32 Sen. Frank Artiles apologizes for using racial slurs 5:42 Senate chairman discusses budget stalemate with House 0:27 Video shows chaotic scene at baggage claim at FLL (Graphic Content) 0:48 Gun control advocate: A 'moral obligation' 1:28 Gun rights proponent: Gun-free zones 'misguided' 7:37 New bodycam footage shows chaos, terror during Pulse shooting 1:47 Don Mattingly talks about Wednesday's 7-4 loss to the Phillies 1:34 Greg Cote previews the Miami Dolphins' upcoming draft pick 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Senate Appropriations Chairman Jack Latvala, R-Clearwater, rails against House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O' Lakes, for proposing a 'continuation budget' rather than negotiating with the Senate on a new budget for 2017-18. Video courtesy News Service of Florida. News Service of Florida State Politics April 26, 2017 7:32 PM ‘Unprecedented openness’ slams shut as Corcoran, Negron forge secret budget deal By Steve Bousquet Herald/Times Tallahassee Bureau LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TALLAHASSEE After promising unprecedented openness, House Speaker Richard Corcoran has spent long days and nights negotiating an elaborate budget deal in secret with Senate counterpart Joe Negron, keeping most other lawmakers and the public in the dark. Like attorneys privately resolving a court case, the two lawyers are cutting deals on tax policy, public school spending, charter school expansion, major environmental projects and levels of local pork-barrel spending. They are also negotiating state worker pay raises, new pension and healthcare plans, changes to statewide tourism and job-incentive programs, and other issues — even a need-based college scholarship program for the children of farmworkers, a Senate priority. As they largely stayed behind closed doors Wednesday, progress appeared stalled as a promised conference committee was never scheduled. Both leaders maneuvered around their own budget chairmen, Rep. Carlos Trujillo of Miami and Sen. Jack Latvala of Clearwater, the two people who traditionally play the lead role in budget negotiations. “I think we’ve reached agreement on the substance of the budget,” Negron said. “It’s down to just a few issues, where we’re trying to clarify some language to the satisfaction of both the House and the Senate.” Corcoran, of Land O’Lakes, who is considering a run for governor in 2018, has not publicly faced reporters since his talks with Negron began in earnest last week. House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O’Lakes Kristen M. Clark kclark@miamiherald.com The speaker declined Herald/Times interview requests Wednesday, but told a Tallahassee news outlet that his detailed talks with Negron were ongoing and that spending decisions were directly linked to a number of bills that have not passed the Senate. The strategy by Negron and Corcoran appeared to create a new rift in Senate leadership. After news reports that the House and Senate had reached an agreement in principle, Latvala hinted early Wednesday in a tweet that there was still no deal. “When an agreement is reached on the budget it will be announced by the President and Speaker,” he wrote at 8:33 a.m. Asked about Latvala’s description, incoming Senate President Bill Galvano, R-Bradenton, defended the progress. “I wouldn’t classify anything as having fallen apart,” he said. “I think that when we closed business yesterday, the major issues had been agreed on and, at this point, there is some tweaking going on on what I considered second- and third-tier issues.” He said there is agreement on “the main components of the priorities of both chambers.” Reached later in the day, Latvala repeated: “There is no deal.” If Corcoran was making his own trades over House and Senate priorities, it was all happening outside of the public eye. “This is all the stuff that the House cares about; this is all the stuff the Senate cares about,” Corcoran said in a television interview with Capitol News Service. “I think it’s all intertwined.” Corcoran appeared to have the upper hand by getting the Senate to drop its opposition to cutting Visit Florida’s budget to $25 million and wiping out $85 million for an array of economic incentive programs that Gov. Rick Scott says are necessary to attract jobs. Lawmakers said Corcoran has signed off on the Senate’s two biggest spending priorities, an $800 million start on a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee and more money for universities. In return, the Senate has tentatively agreed not to collect more property taxes from Floridians for public schools, and to spend $200 million to bring specialized charter schools to low-income communities with failing neighborhood schools, a House priority. Florida’s Legislature is not bound by the open meetings law that makes it a crime for two members of a city or county commission to discuss public business in private. But state law and the Constitution require Corcoran and Negron to publicly announce prearranged meetings at which they are making decisions to be ratified in public later. Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart. Kristen M. Clark kclark@miamiherald.com The Legislature has six days to agree on a budget that’s subject to one up-or-down vote in each chamber before it goes to Scott, who can veto any spending line item. Scott, in Buenos Aires on an Enterprise Florida trade mission Wednesday, cautioned “shortsighted” legislators not to reduce funding for the jobs and tourism programs. Scott has the power to veto the entire budget, which would set off a full-scale political war with his fellow Republicans, who in turn can make their budget stick by overriding his veto by a two-thirds vote of both chambers. Some lawmakers expressed frustration at being completely excluded from budget decisions that affect their constituents. “I haven’t seen a thing. I know nothing. I’m in the dark,” said Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa, who chairs the 41-member House Democratic Caucus. Such back-room dealing is not new in Tallahassee. What’s new is that Corcoran promised a new day. “The Florida House will set the standard for others to emulate,” he said when he became speaker in November. At Corcoran’s urging, the House and Senate adopted rules demanding greater transparency and detail on members’ projects, but the budget that will include or exclude them is being shaped privately. Corcoran also promised to avoid the dictatorial, top-down style of some of his predecessors. But he antagonized some fellow Republicans Wednesday when their bills were suddenly set aside after they voted against a House leadership priority: a heavily lobbied bill to allow Walmart and other big box retailers to sell liquor. Corcoran voted for the bill, which passed, 58-57. The speaker’s brother, Mike, lobbies for Walmart. As nightfall arrived Wednesday with still no public budget discussions, some Republicans expressed alarm at their leaders’ decision to connect spending to floor votes on policy. “We can have valid disagreements on policy from each chamber,” said Rep. Shawn Harrison, R-Tampa. “If that gets thrown into the mix of doing our constitutional duty to come up with a budget, that’s not good for the process.” That’s a risky strategy in the 40-member Senate, where bipartisan coalitions override partisanship on some issues. For example, the House wants the Senate to pass Corcoran’s priority of increasing the homestead exemption from $50,000 to $75,000, subject to voter approval in 2018. As a proposed amendment to the Constitution, the homestead question requires 24 votes in a 39-member Senate with one seat vacant. That gives the 15-member Democratic caucus added clout. “Anything that was traded back and forth still needs to be voted on,” Senate Democratic Leader Oscar Braynon, D-Miami Gardens, told his colleagues. Some Republicans took their exclusion from budget decisions in stride. Rep. Matt Caldwell, R-Lehigh Acres, chairman of the House Governmental Accountability Committee, joked: “I know less than you think I know.” Herald/Times staff writers Michael Auslen, Kristen M. Clark, Mary Ellen Klas and Jeremy Wallace contributed to this report. Contact Steve Bousquet at bousquet@tampabay.com and follow @stevebousquet. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:47 Black lawmakers call for Frank Artiles' expulsion Pause 4:32 Sen. Frank Artiles apologizes for using racial slurs 5:42 Senate chairman discusses budget stalemate with House 0:27 Video shows chaotic scene at baggage claim at FLL (Graphic Content) 0:48 Gun control advocate: A 'moral obligation' 1:28 Gun rights proponent: Gun-free zones 'misguided' 7:37 New bodycam footage shows chaos, terror during Pulse shooting 1:47 Don Mattingly talks about Wednesday's 7-4 loss to the Phillies 1:34 Greg Cote previews the Miami Dolphins' upcoming draft pick 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Senate chairman discusses budget stalemate with House 5:42 2 days ago Senate chairman discusses budget stalemate with House 2:47 7 days ago Black lawmakers call for Frank Artiles' expulsion 7:09 7 days ago How the Florida Senate president learned of a Miami lawmaker's racial slur View More Video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters State Politics Lawmakers agree to give Miami-Dade one new casino but deal isn’t final yet Senate apologizes for Dozier School abuse Work requirements for Florida Medicaid recipients move forward in House Lawmakers agree to pay surviving Barahona victim $3.75 million House Speaker: Horse-trading in budget is ‘bad policy’ — except when it isn’t State Politics Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DEADLINE APPROACHING: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Kandi Technologies Group, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Next PostNext SharpSpring Announces Q1 2017 SaaS Metrics Search Recent Posts Chetu To Exhibit At The 2017 International Ticketing Association Annual Conference Future First Partners with UpsideLMS to bring the Best Value SaaS LMS to Sweden and EU NATO Member States to Discuss Weapon System Enhancements in London this June Counter-Terrorism Measures at Ports Global Laundry Market Overview, Manufacturers, Growth, Forecast and Market Research Report To 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More K12 Amid investigation, Pinellas officials bemoan racially charged incident at Campbell Park Elementary US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Museum of Fine Arts adds three paintings to its permanent collection State Rep. Larry Ahern brings back controversial bill to fix Pinellas construction licensing board So much for 'unprecedented openness' as Corcoran, Negron cut budget deal in secret HSN CEO Mindy Grossman resigning to head Weight Watchers International TSA finds four loaded handguns at Tampa International security checkpoints News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup State lawmakers end budget stalemate, but clash with Rick Scott looms Top News So much for 'unprecedented openness' as Corcoran, Negron cut budget deal in secret Freedom Caucus endorses latest Republican plan to revise Obamacare Mnuchin: Trump has 'no intention' of releasing tax returns Work requirements for Florida Medicaid recipients move forward in House Trump: National monument act has become a 'massive federal land grab' Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More Lightning Strikes Nikita Kucherov with harsh words for Lightning Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Jones: 19 things Bucs could do with 19th pick Jimbo Fisher defends Dalvin Cook's character, references fake news Falcons receiver shares letter from mother saying he inspired her son during flight 2017 NFL draft: Why it's a bad idea to wait on running backs Rays play 'bullpen game' to shut out Orioles (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Music & Concerts Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers: Greatest American rock band ever? Let's make the case Top News Museum of Fine Arts adds three paintings to its permanent collection Jonathan Demme, 'Silence of the Lambs' director, has died at 73 Dining Planner: The Dinner Series at Rooster & the Till, Cuban Pete Movie Planner: 'The Circle,' 'How to Be a Latin Lover,' 'Sleight' open For the 30th anniversary of 'Spaceballs', 5 more epic parodies to watch Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Up to the Senate to bring sense to Florida's budget Top Opinion Editorial: Up to the Senate to bring sense to Florida's budget Column: Here is the untold story of wildlife conservation in Florida Editorial: Tampa should move carefully on revising tree protections Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Review: Divine, bloody 'American Gods' has us ready to worship this series From St. Pete to Cannes: Web series showcases Pinellas filmmaking with zero state money Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) So much for 'unprecedented openness' as Corcoran, Negron cut budget deal in secret Steve Bousquet, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau Link View all Articles STEVE BOUSQUETTampa Bay Times Wednesday, April 26, 2017 5:58pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Florida's proposed budget is now in the hands of House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O'Lakes, and Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart. [SCOTT KEELER | TIMES] TALLAHASSEE — After promising unprecedented openness, House Speaker Richard Corcoran has spent long days and nights negotiating an elaborate budget deal in secret with Senate counterpart Joe Negron, keeping most other lawmakers and the public in the dark. Related News/Archive As budget talks crash, Corcoran wants 'continuation' budget, no new spending 2 Days Ago Big — sniff — question —sniff — of the debate: Why was Donald Trump sniffing so much? 7 Months Ago Sen. Marco Rubio concerned about Trump's proposed budget cuts 2 Months Ago Like two attorneys privately resolving a court case, the two lawyers are cutting deals on tax policy, public school spending, charter school expansion, major environmental projects and levels of local pork-barrel spending. They are also negotiating state worker pay raises, new pension and health care plans, changes to statewide tourism and job-incentive programs, and other issues — even a need-based college scholarship program for the children of farm workers, a Senate priority. As they largely stayed behind closed doors Wednesday, both leaders maneuvered around their own budget chairmen, Rep. Carlos Trujillo of Miami and Sen. Jack Latvala of Clearwater. The two appropriations chiefs have played a greater public role in negotiating budget details in past years. "I think we've reached agreement on the substance of the budget," Negron said. "It's down to just a few issues, where we're trying to clarify some language to the satisfaction of both the House and the Senate." Corcoran has not publicly faced reporters since his talks with Negron began in earnest last week. The speaker declined Times/Herald interview requests Wednesday, but told a Tallahassee news outlet that his detailed talks with Negron were ongoing and that spending decisions were directly linked to a number of bills that have not passed the Senate. Corcoran told the Capitol News Service that the details were being put on paper, but nothing was released. "This is all the stuff that the House cares about, this is all the stuff the Senate cares about," Corcoran said. "I think it's all intertwined." Corcoran appeared to have the upper hand by getting the Senate to drop its opposition to cutting VISIT Florida's budget to $25 million and wiping out $85 million for an array of economic incentive programs that Gov. Rick Scott says are necessary to attract jobs. Lawmakers said Corcoran has signed off on the Senate's two biggest spending priorities, an $800 million start on a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee and more money for universities. In return, the Senate has tentatively agreed not to collect more property taxes from Floridians for public schools, and to spend $200 million to expand charter schools, a House priority. Florida's Legislature is not bound by the open meetings law that makes it a crime for two members of a city or county commission to discuss public business in private. But state law and the Constitution require Corcoran and Negron to publicly announce prearranged meetings at which they are making decisions to be ratified in public later. The Legislature has six days to agree on a budget that's subject to one up-or-down vote before it goes to Scott, who can veto any spending line item. Scott, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on an Enterprise Florida trade mission Wednesday, cautioned "shortsighted" legislators not to reduce funding for the jobs and tourism programs. Scott has the power to veto the entire budget, which would set off a full-scale political war with his fellow Republicans, who in turn can make their budget stick by overriding his veto by a two-thirds vote of both chambers. Some lawmakers expressed frustration at being completely excluded from budget decisions that affect their constituents. "I haven't seen a thing. I know nothing. I'm in the dark," said Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa, who chairs the 41-member House Democratic Caucus. Such back-room dealing is not new in Tallahassee. What's new is that Corcoran promised a new day. "The Florida House will set the standard for others to emulate," he said when he became speaker in November. At Corcoran's urging, the House and Senate adopted rules demanding greater transparency and detail on members' projects, but the budget that will include or exclude them is being shaped privately. Corcoran also promised to avoid the dictatorial, top-down style of some of his predecessors. But he antagonized some fellow Republicans Wednesday when their bills were suddenly set aside after they voted against a House leadership priority: a heavily-lobbied bill to allow Walmart and other big box retailers to sell liquor. Corcoran voted for the bill, which passed, 58-57. The speaker's brother, Mike, lobbies for Walmart. As nightfall arrived Wednesday with still no public budget discussions, some Republicans expressed alarm at their leaders' decision to connect spending to floor votes on policy. "We can have valid disagreements on policy from each chamber," said Rep. Shawn Harrison, R-Tampa. "If that gets thrown into the mix of doing our constitutional duty to come up with a budget, that's not good for the process." That's a risky strategy in the 40-member Senate, where bipartisan coalitions override partisanship on some issues. For example, the House wants the Senate to pass Corcoran's priority of increasing the homestead exemption from $50,000 to $75,000, subject to voter approval in 2018. As a proposed amendment to the Constitution, the homestead question requires 24 votes in a 39-member Senate with one seat vacant. That gives the 15-member Democratic caucus added clout. "Anything that was traded back and forth still needs to be voted on," Senate Democratic Leader Oscar Braynon, D-Miami Gardens, told his colleagues. Some Republicans took their exclusion from budget decisions in stride. Rep. Matt Caldwell, R-Lehigh Acres, chairman of the House Governmental Accountability Committee, joked: "I know less than you think I know." Times/Herald staff writers Michael Auslen, Kristen M. Clark, Mary Ellen Klas and Jeremy Wallace contributed to this report. Contact Steve Bousquet at bousquet@tampabay.com and follow @stevebousquet. So much for 'unprecedented openness' as Corcoran, Negron cut budget deal in secret 04/26/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, April 26, 2017 6:00pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Logo News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Politics Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Weather Your Forecast Watches and Warnings Video Forecast Forecast Models Forecast Cone Surviving a Storm Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search Search for: Live News ° Menu News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Politics Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Weather Your Forecast Watches and Warnings Video Forecast Forecast Models Forecast Cone Surviving a Storm Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search for: Share Share: April 26, 2017 Florida lawmakers pass bill to tear down ‘liquor wall’ Photo: Fox News Associated Press TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — A wrecking ball to tear down the liquor wall in Florida is headed to Gov. Rick Scott’s desk after narrowly passing the House of Representatives. The House on Tuesday passed the Senate’s bill (SB 106/HB 81) by one vote, 58-57. It allows grocery stores, big box retailers and other stores to sell liquor in the same space as other products. Currently, liquor must be sold in a side store that is separated by a wall. The Distilled Spirits Council says Florida would become the 28th state to allow the sale of liquor alongside wine and beer. While the bill was supported by Wal-Mart and Target, independent liquor store owners opposed it because they say it would drive them out of business. If signed into law, it would be phased in over a five-year period. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending Florida lawmakers pass bill to tear down ‘liquor wall’ Chipotle discloses possible data breach Air Force launches unarmed missile ballistic missile Jimmy John’s holding $1 sub day on May 2nd Husband kills baby, then himself on Facebook Live Report: nearly 100 employees, including on-air talent, fired from ESPN Carvel offers free ice cream on ‘Free Cone Day’ Frito-Lay recalls jalapeño-flavored chips amid salmonella concerns Daily news to your inbox Search for: See a sample newsletter Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Trending Florida lawmakers pass bill to tear down ‘liquor wall’ Chipotle discloses possible data breach Air Force launches unarmed missile ballistic missile Jimmy John’s holding $1 sub day on May 2nd Husband kills baby, then himself on Facebook Live Report: nearly 100 employees, including on-air talent, fired from ESPN Carvel offers free ice cream on ‘Free Cone Day’ Frito-Lay recalls jalapeño-flavored chips amid salmonella concerns This Week's Circulars Logo Search for: Join us: WSVN-TVSunbeam Television Corp 1401 79th Street Causeway Miami, FL 33141 Switchboard: (305) 751-6692 Newsroom: (305) 795-2777 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICES TV LISTINGS CONTACT US JOB OPENINGS INTERNSHIPS ADVERTISE WITH US WSVN FCC PUBLIC FILE EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT CHILDRENS PROGRAMMING All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WSVN-TV. All Rights Reserved. WSVN broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to www.WSVN.com and clicking on "FCC Public File," or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Nintendo Switch Where to buy Nintendo Switch By Lory Gil Wednesday, Apr 26, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 3 Comments Are you still looking to buy Nintendo Switch? Hoping to get one for the launch of Mario Kart 8? Here are your best options! Updated: Toys 'R' Us announced the Switch will be in stock on April 28 to celebrate the launch of Super Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Nintendo's latest gaming console, the Switch, has seen serious shortages in the supply chain since it launched. It's still very difficult to find one and they rarely stay on store shelves. If you're hoping to finally purchase a Switch along side the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, here are the stores where you will have the best change to buy one without having to pay an exploitative amount from a reseller. Amazon It's nearly impossible to be fast enough on the draw to officially purchase the Nintendo Switch from Amazon. You have to know exactly when it goes on sale and hit the buy button within minutes. There are, however, a lot of marked up units available from resellers. You will see the price range from about $350 to $400, on average, though I've seen the go for as low as $325. This Friday, however, it is highly likely that Amazon will release a fairly large supply for sale starting at about 9:00 a.m. PT. So, bookmark the page (don't wait for Amazon to send you an email about it), and refresh it regularly starting at 9:00 a.m. on Friday and you might just get lucky. See at Amazon GameStop GameStop is a great place to shop for all your gaming needs. Although it's a small company, compared to the likes of Amazon or Best Buy, it's "in good" with major game distributors like Nintendo. As of this writing, they are currently out of stock online, but you can take your chances with an in-store visit. GameStop regularly gets small shipments sent to their retail locations. Nintendo Life reports that GameStop will have the Switch in stock on Friday, and you can take advantage of up to $200 in trade to put toward your new Switch. See at GameStop Best Buy Best Buy is one of your best bets for getting your hands on a Nintendo Switch very soon. According to GameZone, Best Buy will get a new wave of shipments this Friday alongside the release of Mario Kart 8, so you can pick up the console and the newest hotness at the same time. If you want to start playing right away, I suggest you hop in your car and drive to your local Best Buy before they even open to be sure you'll have a chance to get one right away. You can also take your chances online starting March 29 if you have fast clicking fingers. See at Best Buy Target Target gets a few Switches in stock every once in a while. It's a bit of a game of chance, though. Some days, there are a few, some days, you can't get a single one. I will say, though, they are easier to find in-store than online. You can check Target's website to see if any location in your area are currently stocked and put one on hold if you're lucky enough. If you plan on stopping by Target on your way home from work to pick up some hand soap, make a quick stop over in the games and electronics section to see if there happen to be any in the back room. You might get lucky. See at Target Walmart Though it's got a reputation for selling stuff at a much lower cost than anywhere else, the price of the Switch remains the same at Walmart as everywhere else. It is not currently in stock, though you can sign up to receive a notification when it's available. You can also try to pick one up in-store this Friday, since Walmart will probably be getting a small shipment to fill orders for the Mario Kart 8 launch. I recommend calling your local Walmart ahead of time to see if any new Switches will be available. See at Walmart Toys 'R' Us Nintendo Switch will be back in stock (in-store only) on 4/28 to celebrate the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe release! Quantities limited.— ToysRUs (@ToysRUs) April 25, 2017 Toys 'R' Us is definitely getting the Switch in stock this Friday, just in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. There will be a limited supply, however, so your best option is to show up before your local store opens and hope no one else caught wind of the news. Toys 'R' Us notes in the tweet that Switches will be on sale in stores only, but they do have online reservation for in-store pick-up. It's not clear if you'll be able to reserve a Switch online, or if you'll have to be there in person. See at Toys 'R' Us Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch Review Nintendo Switch News Choosing the right portable battery for your Switch See on Amazon Reader comments Where to buy Nintendo Switch 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating cuttheredwire /me spams refresh button on Target's site… 0 1 month ago Reply cuttheredwire I didn't make it in time. ;_; 0 4 hours ago Reply tnt4 Don't forget "used" websites like Swappa as well - they're marked up a bit there, too, but not irrationally, and at least have a few available at the moment... 0 37 min ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Why Optical Networking Stocks Dropped Today What happened Shares of optical component companies have dropped today, including Oclaro (NASDAQ: OCLR) , Acacia (NASDAQ: ACIA) , Lumentum (NASDAQ: LITE) , and Finisar (NASDAQ: FNSR) , whose shares were down 11%, 11%, 6%, and 3%, respectively, as of 3:30 p.m. EDT, after the U.S. broadened its investigation regarding compliance with sanctions programs. So what The New York Times reported on Wednesday that the U.S. is expanding the scope of its investigation into China-based Huawei, which may have violated trade sanctions with Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. Image source: Getty Images. The Chinese company, which has historically specialized in networking gear but recently expanded into consumer electronics such as smartphones, hasn’t been accused of any wrongdoing quite yet, but it has been heavily suspected of violating restrictions on trade. Peer ZTE pleaded guilty last month to violating sanctions and faces fines of $1.2 billion. Now what None of the mentioned stocks was explicitly named in the report, but they all have businesses that are operationally similar to Huawei and ZTE. Of course, operational similarities have little to do with ethical considerations. All four companies that are under pressure are based in the U.S. (three are based in Silicon Valley) and as such face stricter penalties should any of them violate U.S.-imposed trade sanctions. In contrast, China has officially spoken out against new U.S. sanctions against Iran, which threaten to hurt the economic interests of a handful of Chinese companies and individuals. „We have consistently opposed any unilateral sanctions,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in February. It’s very likely that the market is fearfully overreacting. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Evan Niu, CFA has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Bismaleimide Resin Market Forecast 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development 2021 Next PostNext Why U.S. Steel, Seagate Technology, and Dr Pepper Snapple Group Slumped Today Search Recent Posts Study of China’s Seafood Market 2017: The Worlds Largest Producer, Consumer, Importer, and Exporter of Seafood Products and Accounts for Approximately 35% of All Global Production – Research and Markets Secretary Pablos Addresses Association of Mexican Entrepreneurs In San Antonio Secretary Pablos Appointed Border Commerce Coordinator Secretary Pablos Meets With Government Officials, Industry Leaders In Mexico City Secretary Pablos Delivers Keynote Address At Hiring Our Heroes Transition Summit At Fort Bliss Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman e.l.f. Beauty Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date and Conference Call and Webcast OAKLAND, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–e.l.f. Beauty (NYSE: ELF), today announced that the Company will conduct a conference call to discuss its first quarter fiscal 2017 results on Wednesday, May 10, 2017, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time. A press release detailing the Company’s first quarter fiscal 2017 results will be issued prior to the call. The conference call will be hosted by Tarang Amin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Bailey, President and Chief Financial Officer. Investors and analysts interested in participating in the call are invited to dial (877) 451-6152 approximately ten minutes prior to the start of the call. The conference call will also be webcast live at: http://investor.elfcosmetics.com/ and remain available for 90 days. A telephone replay of this call will be available at 7:30 p.m. ET on May 10, 2017, until 11:59 p.m. ET on May 17, 2017, and can be accessed by dialing (844) 512-2921 and entering replay pin number 13660084. About e.l.f. Beauty e.l.f. makes luxurious beauty accessible for all women to play beautifully®. Established in 2004 as an e-commerce business (www.elfcosmetics.com), e.l.f. has become a true multi-channel brand through its e.l.f. stores and national distribution at Target, Walmart, CVS, Old Navy and other leading retailers. By engaging young, diverse makeup enthusiasts with innovative, high-quality cosmetics at an extraordinary value, e.l.f. has become one of the fastest growing cosmetics companies in the U.S. For more information about e.l.f. Beauty, visit the Company’s website at www.elfcosmetics.com ELF-EC CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TerraVia to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 3, 2017 Next PostNext Envestnet to Announce First Quarter 2017 Results on May 10, 2017 Search Recent Posts Electromed, Inc. Schedules Release of Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Conference Call US Market Report for Introducer Sheaths and Guidewires 2017 – MedCore – Research and Markets Teva Announces Launch of Generic Vytorin® in the United States Lopinavir / Ritonavir Sales, Price Analysis, & Sales Forecast 2017-2021 – Research and Markets OSI Systems Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results Proudly powered by WordPress
