Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Kate Taylor Sep. 9, 2016, 4:54 PM 11,645 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Walmart is no longer selling Welspun's line of premium Egyptian cotton bed sheets after its supplier was unable to prove the sheets weren't knockoffs. Less than a month after Target announced it would offer refunds for customers who purchased Welspun's Egyptian cotton sheets, Walmart said it is also pulling Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds, reports Bloomberg. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Walmart spokesperson Marilee McInnis said in an e-mail on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Any customer seeking a refund can bring their Welspun 100% Egyptian-cotton sheets into a Walmart location to receive a refund. Walmart sold 100% Egyptian cotton bedsheets under the Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy brands. The unsold Egyptian-cotton sheets that are being pull from shelves will be given to Good360, a non-profit that donates companies' excess merchandise to charities.  Target's announcement has set of a series of investigations into Egyptian cotton bed sheets. Target J.C. Penny and Bed Bath & Beyond are also investigating the credibility of their Welspun Egyptian cotton products.  Walmart's news adds credence to the theory that a large percentage of Egyptian cotton sold in the US is fake. While high-quality cotton can be grown around the world, cotton must be grown in Egypt in order to be considered real Egyptian cotton. "When you think about it, 1% of the world's crops are Egyptian cotton. You walk into any store, or look at any one of these websites and see they're all selling Egyptian cotton — it just doesn't add up," Scott Tannen, founder of luxury bedding startup Boll and Branch, told Business Insider in August. "I think [the Target case is] just at the tip of the iceberg." While Tannen has an interest in exposing fake Egyptian cotton, he isn't the only one suspicious of the industry. Earlier this year, the Cotton Egypt Association found that 90% of "Egyptian cotton" sold by retailers tested using a DNA-based authentication program did not contain any cotton produced in Egypt. The association at the time held up Welspun as a symbol of success — something that has clearly since been called into question. SEE ALSO: A Target worker's hilarious blog about customers is going viral — here are the best behind-the-scenes revelations NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Target egyptian cotton sheets egyptian cotton welspun sheets walmart welspun sheets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Walmart is no longer selling... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 4192 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device. Post to Facebook Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one There are several ways to earn extra cash to snag the latest Apple device.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 11 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone Want the next iPhone? Here's how to sell your old one Jennifer Jolly, Special for USA TODAY 4:40 a.m. MST September 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Ready for Apple's latest and greatest iPhone? Tech columnist Jennifer Jolly has tips on what to do with your old device. This thing is absolutely huge. (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) It happens every September like clockwork. Apple unveils a new smartphone, marking the unofficial start of the fall gadget season, and the official start of people everyone wanting the newest hottest handset. Before you fork over fistfuls of hard earned cash for the next new thing — here’s how to make  bank on what you already have lying around: Sell it to Apple Apple’s new iPhone trade-up program offers store gift cards for iPhone 4’s or newer models. Apple’s flat rates are more static than other trade-in options, which means you won’t likely see them shift much from day to day or week to week. However, the current prices for the iPhone 6 and later are some of the best around, with Apple offering as much as a $250 gift card for an iPhone 6 Plus in great condition. That’s less money than some of the other services, as you’ll read here in a second, but again, many other prices will drop dramatically over the next few days. (The company only accepts iPhones from whatever the previous generations might be though, so I’m out of luck with my 6S until the 7 arrives.) Sell it to a reseller Resellers such as Glyde and Gazelle are great picks again this year too. You go online and answer a few questions about what you have, they estimate how much they’ll pay you for it and send a box for you to mail it in. The last time I checked, Glyde offered $297 for a 64GB iPhone 6 in great condition. The site also warned that it expects prices to drop at least 15% by the time the new iPhone 7 comes out. That’s an issue across the board with many of these services if you don’t have another phone to use between now and getting the new one. USA TODAY What to expect (and what we want) from iPhone 7 Gazelle - Of all the bulk resellers, Gazelle is the most popular, and we’ve talked about it many times here before. Gazelle’s known for great trade-in values and fast payment turnaround times. All you have to do is select the phone, carrier, storage size, and condition from the easy-to-use trade-in tool and then wait for your pre-paid shipping box to arrive. Then, once you have your phone packed up, send it to Gazelle and wait for the cash to roll in. If you don’t want to worry about waiting for your phone to sell elsewhere or making a listing on an auction site, Gazelle is the ultimate no-brainer. If you have an iPhone 6s in decent condition, you can score hundreds of dollars for it. The exact amount will vary depending on the carrier and storage size — for example, a 16GB iPhone 6s on Verizon is worth $242 in excellent condition, but that same phone on T-Mobile is worth $238 — but as long as you’ve kept your phone in good shape, you can expect a solid lump of cash for it. If you have time to do some comparison shopping, double check the prices with Glyde, and others such as Nextworth, which runs a similar trade-in system, and see which one offers the most cash at the moment. uSell - You might not have heard of uSell, but if you’re determined to get the most for your phone you should definitely be considering it as an option. Unlike most other trade-in sites, uSell is actually a hub for many different resellers to attempt to outbid each other for your iPhone. These companies post their best offers on the site, and uSell organizes and matches you with whichever one is promising the best payout. Because of the competitive nature of the site, uSell’s prices can often exceed those on Gazelle and elsewhere, if only by a few bucks. USA TODAY Apple unveils iPhone 7, kills headphone jack Amazon - The world’s largest retailer got into the trade-in game a handful of years ago, and today it’s one of the most popular options. To get started, simply search for the iPhone model you own and see what prices are being offered. Chances are, the value will be similar to what is being offered elsewhere, but because Amazon also takes into account the color of your device, you might discover that your Rose Gold iPhone is worth a tad bit more than the Silver model with the same specs. Once you accept the trade-in offer, you can print a pre-paid shipping label and send the device out at your earliest convenience. The really nice thing about Amazon’s program is that once you lock in your trade-in price you have a full 30 days before Amazon expects it to arrive at their doorstep, which means you can use your phone for those precious couple of weeks until your brand new iPhone shows up. Walmart - If you hadn’t heard, Walmart is all about trade-ins these days, and the iPhone is no exception. You can browse the values for used iPhones on the Walmart site and see exactly how much they’re willing to pay you for your phone. Unlike most other trade-in options, Walmart’s criteria for a trade-in seem much more laid back, with only two quality options — either working or not — and no questions about the color of the device itself. You can trade in either online or in-store, but the one major drawback here is that you are paid in a Walmart gift card, rather than cash, which means you’ll have to buy your new iPhone from Walmart as well. Sell it yourself! If you’re no stranger to the likes of eBay and Craigslist, you might be able to get an even bigger payout than you could at any resale site or store. eBay specifically can be a great place to get lucky with bidders trying to outdo each other, but there’s also a very real risk of a bidder not paying for the phone once they’ve won an auction. That’s a risk for sure, but the reward is a potentially bigger bump in your bank account if it pans out. USA TODAY Incremental Apple should 'swing for the fences' As for Craigslist, there are some who absolutely love it, and if you list an iPhone you’re going to get plenty of attention. As always, try to price your device in line with what the resellers are offering to make sure you don’t get ripped off, and always make your exchange in a public place so you don’t fall victim to some punk trying to run off with your smartphone. Don’t forget to back it up and erase your info No matter how you choose to sell your phone, you should always keep your privacy and security top of mind, and that means wiping your device so that none of your personal info can be salvaged by the buyer. Here’s how to do it: First, sign out of your iCloud account by going into the Settings menu, selecting iCloud, and then tapping Sign Out. If you’re on an older iPhone which is still running iOS 7, you’ll tap Delete Account instead. Once that’s taken care of, go back into your Settings menu and select General, then Reset, and then tap Erase All Content and Settings. Verify your decision and then wait for your phone to wipe itself and reboot. The last step before parting ways with your iPhone is to remove the SIM card, which is located in a small slide-out panel on the side of the device. Find the SIM card slot and open it by inserting the SIM card removal tool into the small hole. If you don’t have a SIM card tool, a paperclip, thread end of a small needle (the more blunt part), or even an earring post (yep, just did it) work well too. Once the slot slides open, just remove the small card inside and close the SIM door again. Now it should be all ready for the next owner to make it their own! When all else fails, recycle responsibly. If your old iPhone isn’t worth the price of someone even paying postage for it, the Apple Renew program is an easy way to dispose of it securely and responsibly. Drop it off at an Apple store or ship it in — they make sure your personal data is destroyed — and then hand it off to Liam. According to Apple, Liam’s a freaky-awesome futuristic “line of robots than can disassemble an iPhone every 11 seconds.” It can also sift, sort, and save more high-quality components than previous methods, recycling more precious materials than ever before. While squirreling away old gadgets might just be a distant cousin to real hoarding — not serious enough yet to have its own reality TV show — there’s no reason to sit on a mountain of old devices. If you have questions, be sure to send us a note or use the comments below. Jennifer Jolly is an Emmy Award-winning consumer tech contributor and host of USA TODAY's digital video show TECH NOW. E-mail her at techcomments@usatoday.com. Follow her on Twitter @JenniferJolly. 4192 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 11 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cBsHSu Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. Eli Blumenthal The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves Stephen J. Beard / IndyStar You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone Time Does Apple want to take a bite out of digital glasses? USA TODAY NETWORK Tech asks Trump to back encryption that protects from 'repressive governments' Elizabeth Weise Apple's newest product is, gasp, a book. Yes, on paper. And it's $300. Eli Blumenthal This story is part of Apple Inc Report: Apple considering making iPhones in U.S. The Drop for Nov. 16: weed at school, Apple's new toy and lost fast food faves You’ll now be able to play ‘Mario’ on your iPhone
Police records detail late night standoff in Tucson - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Business Education My Tucson Home Flight tracker El Tour de Tucson Arizona Politics Border News Traffic map Think About It Watch Tucson News Now Election 2016 Special Reports See it, Snap it, Send it In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Finding Isabel Election 2016 Senior Health, Tech News Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports El Tour de Tucson Sports main page High School Sports UA Sports Arizona Wildcats Basketball UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Affordable Care Act Marketplace ADVERTISEMENT Xavier Chavez James Sterling Roberts Eric James Alvarez Christopher Garcia Marvin Arido Sorro Thaddaeus Sanchez Ruelas Dean Frederick Saxton Michel Mendivil-Lopez Steven M. Bracamonte James A. Palomarez Ali V Konneh Angel Latrice Cowen Diamond Prempeh Hector Manuel Guerrero Sr Michael Gray Milton Omar Perez Mousa Toure Samuel S Johnson John Lackey Poleman Hayter Orlando Bradford Judah Jordan David Ryan Howe Andrew Valencia Stephen Romero-Valencia Ronnie Hill Jeremy Lee Nelson Andrew Michael Nelson Mauricio Moraga Robert Villalobos Santiago Sanchez Jamar Roshaun Atkins Melissa Rose Harmsen Francisco Javier Rosas-Molina Luther Cruz Alex Joseph Haider Alan Anthony Dallman Steve Anaya Clifford Frederick Gant Enrique Guzman-Castro Slideshow: PHOTOS: KOLD News 13 September Mugshots Police records detail late night standoff in Tucson 2016-09-09T23:25:29Z2016-09-09T23:55:33Z By Craig Reck, Reporter Email Connect creck@tucsonnewsnow.com Jeremy Lee Nelson (Source: Tucson Police Department) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - A man at the center of a police standoff in Tucson talked about a shoot out with police hours before being taken into custody in a shopping center parking lot, according to police records. Jeremy Lee Nelson asked an acquaintance for a ride to the airport and mentioned a shootout with police while she drove. She told police Nelson wanted to stop at a Walmart first, where he dropped a handgun in a trash can then picked it back up and returned to her white van. The arrest report shows Nelson's acquaintance was afraid and contacted police. She told them about his gun and propane tank when an officer arrived on scene. More officers responded to the area of Drexel and Tucson Boulevard to asses the situation. Hostage negotiators and the mental health unit were called in, according to police records. Nelson told officers they were trying to kill him and that he only wanted to speak with U.S. Marshals or deputies from the Pima County Sheriff's Department. Tucson Fire Department was called in because several officers worried about the smell of propane, but the air quality was okay, according to TPD documents. A couple officers noted in their reports that Nelson appeared to be using methamphetamine or crack. He fell asleep at one point and officers managed to break a window in the van, according to the report. Nelson asked for water and cigarettes at one point, but would not leave the van to retrieve them. The reports state he did the same thing for dog food and water, but again, wouldn't leave. TPD tried using pepper bells around the van, but Nelson did not move, according to police records. The report states that when Nelson started talking about what should happen to his dog and referencing his own death, officers decided to take action. They breached the van door, restrained Nelson, used a taser and arrested him before he could fire his gun. It was loaded with a round in the chamber, according to police records. The standoff lasted approximately six hours. Nelson is in the Pima County Jail on a $25,000 cash bond. Court records show that Nelson is charged with possession of dangerous weapon by a felon. TPD added the following statement to Nelson's interim complaint: "Second incident involving criminal misconduct and threats to the public in a 48 hour period. The defendant has demonstrated and displayed several homicidal and suicidal ideations in addition to acquiring firearms." According to Pima Count Superior Court, Nelson was convicted in 2002 for burglary and drug charges. Copyright 2016 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> UPDATE Caught on Camera: Flagstaff police officer punches woman Caught on Camera: Flagstaff police officer punches woman Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 11:30 PM EST2016-11-17 04:30:25 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:44 AM EST2016-11-18 12:44:34 GMT (Source: KPHO/KTVK) The Flagstaff police chief said an officer caught on video punching a woman in the face reported that she kicked him and kneed him in the groin before he hit her. The Flagstaff police chief said an officer caught on video punching a woman in the face reported that she kicked him and kneed him in the groin before he hit her. Tucson PD detectives investigate armed robbery during church meeting Tucson PD detectives investigate armed robbery during church meeting Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 9:47 PM EST2016-11-18 02:47:36 GMT A first look inside the south side church where a group of women were robbed at gunpoint. (Source: Tucson News Now) Several masked men entered a church meeting being held at a building in the 3900 block of South 6th, according to Tucson Police Department spokesman, Sgt. Pete Dugan.   Several masked men entered a church meeting being held at a building in the 3900 block of South 6th, according to Tucson Police Department spokesman, Sgt. Pete Dugan.   Tucson man sentenced to more than 20 years for role in little girl's death, abuse Tucson man sentenced to more than 20 years for role in little girl's death, abuse Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 7:57 PM EST2016-11-18 00:57:15 GMT Kristepher Benavidez and Monique Gaxiola (Source: Tucson Police Department) Charges against Kristepher Benavidez include negligent homicide domestic violence, negligent child abuse and reckless child abuse. Monique Gaxiola, the girls' mother, is also charged. She is going through a separate trial. Charges against Kristepher Benavidez include negligent homicide domestic violence, negligent child abuse and reckless child abuse. Monique Gaxiola, the girls' mother, is also charged. She is going through a separate trial. Murder trial of former Tucson fire captain in hands of jury Murder trial of former Tucson fire captain in hands of jury Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 7:37 PM EST2016-11-18 00:37:56 GMT David Watson. (Source: Tucson News Now) The murder trial of David Watson, the former Tucson fire captain accused of killing three people more than 10 years ago, was put in the hands of the jury Thursday, Nov. 17. The murder trial of David Watson, the former Tucson fire captain accused of killing three people more than 10 years ago, was put in the hands of the jury Thursday, Nov. 17. Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. searching for burglary suspect caught on video Pima Co. Sheriff's Dept. searching for burglary suspect caught on video Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 5:44 PM EST2016-11-16 22:44:58 GMT Burglary suspect (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) The Pima County Sheriff's Department Foothills District deputies received a call at 10:20 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 27 about a burglary in a home in the 3700 block of West Raintree Drive, where jewelry and electronic equipment was taken. The Pima County Sheriff's Department Foothills District deputies received a call at 10:20 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 27 about a burglary in a home in the 3700 block of West Raintree Drive, where jewelry and electronic equipment was taken.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Friends, family identify mother killed at 2-year-old's birthday party Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 9:26 AM EST2016-11-18 14:26:48 GMT Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Seven people have been shot and at least one is dead after a shooting in Dyersburg. Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Wrong number may be bringing strangers together for Thanksgiving Posted: Wednesday, November 16 2016 8:37 PM EST2016-11-17 01:37:33 GMT Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 10:50 AM EST2016-11-17 15:50:38 GMT Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Jamal Hinton, a high school senior, was in class on Monday when he got a text from a woman he didn’t know inviting him for a holiday dinner. What happened next has gone viral. Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Reports: Sessions tapped as Trump's AG pick, Pompeo as CIA chief Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 7:10 AM EST2016-11-18 12:10:04 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 8:43 AM EST2016-11-18 13:43:09 GMT Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-AL, was among the first in Congress to support Donald Trump for president. Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Man dissolves in Yellowstone hot spring Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:55 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:18 AM EST2016-11-18 08:18:54 GMT A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. A man dissolved in acidic water after he fell into Yellowstone hot spring. Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Cutting the Cord: How Americans are ditching cable services Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:49 PM EST2016-11-17 23:49:44 GMT (Source: WSFA 12) For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. For decades, the television has been the centerpiece of American homes. But the way we watch our favorite shows is changing. Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Stephen Hawking gives humanity 1,000 more years on Earth Posted: Friday, November 18 2016 5:07 AM EST2016-11-18 10:07:24 GMT Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 7:05 AM EST2016-11-18 12:05:10 GMT Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Stephen Hawking recently suggested that humans find a new planet to live because he believed that humanity probably has 1,000 years left on Earth. Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Teen dies after riding roller coaster in Memphis Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 6:03 PM EST2016-11-17 23:03:31 GMT Caitlin Rose Williams (Source: wallerfuneralhome.com) A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  A 17-year-old died after riding a roller coaster in Memphis.  "Most Pro-Trump County in U.S." getting new, unwanted attention Roberts County dealing with unwanted attention after being dubbed "Most pro-Trump County in the U.S." Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 8:17 PM EST2016-11-18 01:17:04 GMT A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation." / Source: KFDA A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation." A small town in the Texas Panhandle is having to deal with some unwanted attention after being dubbed the "Most Pro-Trump county in the Nation." news City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook City manager: Talladega police officer fired for sharing racist posts on Facebook Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:12 AM EST2016-11-17 05:12:59 GMT Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page. Talladega City Manager Patrick Bryant says Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was fired Wednesday after sharing racist posts on his Facebook page.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File nulmer@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
39.0°, FAIR FORECAST SEARCH LOGIN SUBSCRIBE PITTSFIELD, MASS. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 2016 Toggle navigation Main menu News Local news National news World news Community news Education Police logs Calendar New England Lotteries Daniel Pearl Scholarship Sports Local sports Red Sox Yankees Patriots Giants Celtics Bruins Business Business news Real estate news Entertainment The 413 Berkshires Week Berkshires Week calendar Theater reviews Movie reviews The Ultimate Dining Guide Horoscopes TV listings Lifestyles Insights Berkshire lifestyles Health Food & recipes Outdoors Best of the Berkshires Announcements Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Columnists Blogs Obituaries Today's obituaries View all Publications Special sections Book of Homes Berkshire Business News Marketplace Jobs Classifieds Top listings Place an ad Legal Notices Weekly Flyers Tools e-Edition Contact us Subscriber services Newspapers in Education RSS Letter: Numbers add up against Walmart supercenter plan Posted Friday, September 9, 2016 4:28 pm The Berkshire Eagle Numbers add up against Walmart supercenter plan To the editor: The article in the Sunday, Sept. 4, Eagle titled "Labor Council opposes Walmart," with information on Waterstone Retail Development's proposed Walmart supercenter at the Stanley Business Park, prompted me to do some elementary school arithmetic with the figures cited in the article. First I looked at the map of the site which you can also do at woodlawncrossing.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/site-map.jpg. You will see the proposed supercenter sketched on site 9. This site is described as a 15-acre site at the URL williamstanleybp.com/site-9/. The article states that the entire business park is 52 acres, so the supercenter will occupy just under 29 percent of the total acreage! Is this the development magnet, the innovation center, that the Berkshires needs to retain its residents and attract new ones? Let's do more arithmetic. If we take an acre to equal 40,000 square feet, we calculate site 9 to be 600,000 square feet. The supercenter size as stated in the article will be 190,000 square feet, so if we divide 190,000 by 600,000 we learn that almost 32 percent of site 9 will be Walmart retail space. The remaining 68 percent will be parking spaces! Look closely at the site map and you'll see them sketched in. So the much-touted business park will devote more than two-thirds of the "teens parcel" to asphalt, if this is the best Pittsfield can do. Along with the poor-paying jobs, attack on local small businesses, shoddy foreign-made goods, we will be the "beneficiaries" of about 10 more acres of asphalt. For all our sakes, I hope Pittsfield can do much better. Mary Jane Incorvia Mattina, Lenox Print Email Tweet TALK TO US If you'd like to leave a comment (or a tip or a question) about this story with the editors, please email us. We also welcome letters to the editor for publication; you can do that by filling out our letters form and submitting it to the newsroom. Local news 2 years behind bars for man who prompted lockdown at BMC in June PITTSFIELD - A lone shot fired in the air last May has landed a city man behind bars for two years. Dylan Ducharme, 21, was sentenced Thursday after pleading to multiple assault and weapons charges stemming from confrontation during which he … A Berkshire Baby Box for your baby to sleep in Beer, bourbon and wine tasting to benefit Dalton CRA reflooring North Adams looks to win $500,000 'makeover' In bid to grow organically, Berkshire Co-op Market looks to its members for expansion plan funding Read more Sports UMass basketball holds off Temple as teams renew rivalry McLaughlin's layup hands MCLA women's basketball first win of season Taconic football team not phased by spotlight of MIAA state semifinal game against Grafton Wahconah football in familiar position ahead of MIAA state semifinal against West Boylston Berkshire County cross-country athletes set for MIAA state championships Read more Trending Lee girl reports suspicious man in car Otis man with history of sex abuse complaints charged with raping 5-year-old girl Guyer out as Pittsfield's maintenance chief Williams students admit to post-election graffiti 3 face weapons charges after alleged shoplifting © , The Berkshire Eagle Contact us Terms of use Privacy policy Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Kate Taylor Sep. 9, 2016, 4:54 PM 11,645 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Walmart is no longer selling Welspun's line of premium Egyptian cotton bed sheets after its supplier was unable to prove the sheets weren't knockoffs. Less than a month after Target announced it would offer refunds for customers who purchased Welspun's Egyptian cotton sheets, Walmart said it is also pulling Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds, reports Bloomberg. "Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label," Walmart spokesperson Marilee McInnis said in an e-mail on Friday. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund." Any customer seeking a refund can bring their Welspun 100% Egyptian-cotton sheets into a Walmart location to receive a refund. Walmart sold 100% Egyptian cotton bedsheets under the Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy brands. The unsold Egyptian-cotton sheets that are being pull from shelves will be given to Good360, a non-profit that donates companies' excess merchandise to charities.  Target's announcement has set of a series of investigations into Egyptian cotton bed sheets. Target J.C. Penny and Bed Bath & Beyond are also investigating the credibility of their Welspun Egyptian cotton products.  Walmart's news adds credence to the theory that a large percentage of Egyptian cotton sold in the US is fake. While high-quality cotton can be grown around the world, cotton must be grown in Egypt in order to be considered real Egyptian cotton. "When you think about it, 1% of the world's crops are Egyptian cotton. You walk into any store, or look at any one of these websites and see they're all selling Egyptian cotton — it just doesn't add up," Scott Tannen, founder of luxury bedding startup Boll and Branch, told Business Insider in August. "I think [the Target case is] just at the tip of the iceberg." While Tannen has an interest in exposing fake Egyptian cotton, he isn't the only one suspicious of the industry. Earlier this year, the Cotton Egypt Association found that 90% of "Egyptian cotton" sold by retailers tested using a DNA-based authentication program did not contain any cotton produced in Egypt. The association at the time held up Welspun as a symbol of success — something that has clearly since been called into question. SEE ALSO: A Target worker's hilarious blog about customers is going viral — here are the best behind-the-scenes revelations NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Target egyptian cotton sheets egyptian cotton welspun sheets walmart welspun sheets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets After investigation, Walmart joins Target in pulling Egyptian cotton sheets Walmart is no longer selling... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Wal-Mart: Coke Display Stacked Like Twin Towers Removed US News Wal-Mart: Coke Display Stacked Like Twin Towers Removed By Associated Press | September 9, 2016 AT 4:41 PM Last Updated: September 9, 2016 4:41 pm (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK—Wal-Mart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center has been removed from a Florida store, and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display said, “We will never forget,” with the Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart logos in a corner. Walmart said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. Today, we are no longer a Post 9/11 society. Today, we are a Post Wal-Mart Depicting 9/11 With Coke Cans Society. pic.twitter.com/kwCQntWebU — Gabriel Gundacker (@gabegundacker) September 8, 2016 “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,” it said. The company said the design for the display for the store in Panama City Beach, Florida, came from the supplier, and was approved by its store management. The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. “We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display,” the bottler said. Editor’s Picks What Trump’s Presidency Means for Health Care Sector Grass-Roots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsMichigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead ExposureLatest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water DeliveriesLight Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty BuildingsMichigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children Latest in US Politics Trump Taps Sessions, Flynn, Pompeo for Top Positions Politics Trump on Twitter: Ford Won’t Move Lincoln Assembly to Mexico Politics Flynn: Outspoken General, Intelligence Pro, Trump Supporter Politics Official Says Trump Taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA Job US News Michigan Recommendations to Help Eliminate Lead Exposure US News Latest: State Appeals Order to Make Flint Water Deliveries US News Light Blight: Art Project Breathes Life Into Empty Buildings US News Michigan May Require Lead Screening of All Young Children US News Video: Man Demands Starbucks Barista Write ‘Trump’ on Cup, Gets Cops Called on Him × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Local Deals About Us Community September 9, 2016 3:37 PM Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Wish List i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Volunteers: Neighbor to Neighbor is in need of volunteers, if interested attend the social hour at 10 a.m. on the second Tuesday of each month at 921 N. Kings Highway, Myrtle Beach. Orientation to follow event. 843-353-0214 or www.gracefullyaging.org. Volunteers/donations: Help4Kids needs volunteers to help with food drive to be held 9:30 a.m.- 4 p.m. Sept. 17, Wal-Mart, S.C. 544, Neighborhood Market at Ocean Lakes and North Myrtle Beach at Gator Hole. Volunteers are needed to load the vans at 1 p.m. Sept. 16 and unload the vans at 1 p.m. Sept. 18 at 2523 Forestbrook Road, Myrtle Beach. 843-651-4310 or info@help4kidssc.org. Volunteers: SC CARES needs two volunteer face painters, a cornhole board and bowling set (both sized for children) for their 10th “Animalversary” celebration to be held from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Oct, 1, Pet Galley, 4484 U.S.17 Business, Murrells Inlet. Event includes, food, crafts, games, music, holiday gifts, jewelry, books and table top trees. 843-506-2688 or www.SC-CARES.org. Call for pick-up. Volunteers: Freedom Readers After School Literacy Program is in need of tutors for students in grades K - 5. Fall session runs from Sept. 19 (tutors only) to Nov. 14. New tutor orientation will be held 12:30-2:30 p.m. Sept. 17, the Waccamaw Library, Litchfield. 843-331-8526 or freedomreaders.org to submit a volunteer application, or for more information. Volunteers: SCORE provides free business mentoring services to help new and existing entrepreneurs grow their businesses. Would you like to be a SCORE volunteer? We have members who volunteer their time mentoring new and existing businesses, as well as teaching workshops/presentations, fundraising, and more. Previous business management, skills, or ownership experience is preferred. Apply at www.score.org/volunteer. Volunteers: Meals on Wheels of Horry County is in need of drivers to deliver meals to those in need in the Little River, Conway, and Myrtle Beach areas. If you have an hour and a half one day per week to help, 843-340-5982 or visit www.mowhc.org. Donations: Tara Hall Home for Boys is in need of cash donations to maintain our program of care, discipline, education and family for the boys in our care. Gift cards are a big help. Donations can be mailed to P.O. Box 955, Georgetown, SC 29442. 843-546-3000 Donations: Georgetown County Parks and Recreation is seeking donations for “Fund Your Park” program that runs through Sept. 23. The community’s help is needed to make enhancements to an upcoming project that will create lighted multipurpose fields and a six-lane athletic track on the grounds of Beck Recreation Center next year. To make a donation, www.gtcounty.org or go directly to http://fundyourpark.org/campaign/detail/4719 . Donations: AARP-South Carolina and the community are sponsoring a Veteran’s Stand Down, Sept. 23, in Myrtle Beach. Items needed are used eyeglasses, low denomination gift cards to fast food chains, Wal-Mart, etc. For pickup call 803- 873-2266 or dgleason@aarp.org Donations: Life Ministries and Walk Into Your Inheritance Outreach Ministries is accepting gently used clothes, coats and toys. Free clothing giveaway will be held 10 a.m. Sept. 24 at House Hold of Faith, 1290 Dennison Ave., Myrtle Beach. Donations can be dropped off at 507 N. Oak St., Myrtle Beach or 1757 Stanley Road, Supply N.C. 321-961-9913 or 910-294-0656 Donations: The South Carolina Youth Advocate Program serves foster youth in the area. They are in need of school supplies, bunk beds, car seats, diapers, Wal-Mart or Target gift cards and monetary donations. Drop off donations or mail checks to 148 Elk Drive, Unit 4, Murrells Inlet, SC 29576. 843-238-9691 or lwatson@scyap.com Donations: Family Outreach is in need of baby formula, new or gently used infant, toddler, and children’s clothing newborn to size 5, infant and children’s socks, toddler and children’s underwear-new only, baby wash/lotion, baby bottles, diaper rash cream, baby nail clippers, nasal bulb, brushes/combs, copy paper, new book bags and school supplies. 843-234-2350 Donations: North Strand Housing Shelter is in need of paper towels, cleaning supplies, HE laundry detergent liquid or pods, heavy-duty, plastic forks, knives and spoons. Drop off donations at Mattress Direct, 587 U.S. 17, North Myrtle Beach or the shelter, 2335 S.C. 9 W., Longs. Also, in need of volunteers. 843-756-9488 or 843-421-4135. Donations: Friends of Surfside Library need paperback or hardback books, children’s books, puzzles, DVDs and CDs for monthly book sale. Leave at the circulation desk or 843-238-5869 or 843-238-5032 for pick up. No textbooks, magazines or encyclopedia. Donations: Humane Society of North Myrtle Beach is in need of paper towels, white and colored computer paper, kitten and puppy food, treats for dogs and cats, kitty litter, cat toys, pet beds, collars and leashes, bleach, dish and laundry soap. Donations can be dropped off at 409 Bay St. or 843-249-4948 or nmbhumanesociety@gmail.com Donations: The Salvation Army food pantry is in need of vegetables, soups, fruits, canned meats, cereals, pasta, rice, peanut butter, jelly, juice, and personal hygiene products. All nonperishable and hygiene items may be dropped off at any of the Horry County Family Store locations. Perishable items needed are hot dogs, ground beef and chicken; should only be dropped off at Food Pantry, 1415 Second Ave., Conway. 843-488-2769 or donation pickup 843-381-8080 Donations: All 4 Paws hears the voices of abandoned animals in our community. Clorox wipes, Dawn dishwashing detergent, HE laundry detergent, tall kitchen and 55-gallon garbage bags, Pine Sol, and paper towels. Items can be dropped off at: 708 Petigru Road, Pawleys Island. Visit All4PawsSC.org to volunteer, adopt or foster. Donations: Keep Our Pets Food Bank is in need of dry cat/dog food, wet cat/dog food, cat/dog treats, cat litter, beds - all sizes, toys and puppy pads. Call 843-651-0778 or keepourpetsfoodbank@yahoo.com. Items can be dropped off at 4764 U.S. 17 Bypass S., Murrells Inlet. Donations: The Friends of the North Myrtle Beach Library are accepting used books for its resale book racks. Please drop the books off at the library during regular library hours at 910 First Ave. S. The proceeds are used to purchase items for the library. 843-915-5281 Volunteers/donations: Sav-R-Cats is in need of volunteers to clean and maintain adoption center. Donations in need of HE laundry soap, window cleaner, paper towels, Purina Naturals cat food and monetary donations are always needed. 843-222-8057 Volunteers/donations: Bikini Beach Cat Rescue needs members of the community to become involved in the organization. Donations of money or time would be greatly appreciated. We help community residents with low-cost spay/neuters. If you have the time, please volunteer. We desperately need a grant writer, trappers, crates and people who can help with fundraisers and have ideas on ways to raise money. 843-655-7881 Volunteers/donations: Kind Keeper Animal Rescue is in need of volunteers for kennel clean up, office help, and event helpers. Donations needed are cleaning supplies, cat litter, canned dog and cat food, treats and more. View complete list on kindkeeper.org. 843-855-1398 or kindkeeper@yahoo.com. Volunteers/donations: Kare Team Sanctuary is in need of volunteers who are passionate about the rescue and rehabilitation of our canine friends. We need people who can commit to one or two afternoons per week for two to three hours. Foster homes are also needed. Donations of food, treats and/or toys, cleaning supplies and more are always needed. 843-399-9290 Volunteers/donations: Whiskers Animal Rescue and Sanctuary is looking for volunteers to help clean and maintain the cat sanctuary and kitten nursery, update social media sites, help with grant writing, foster and/or help with adoption events, craigslist sales of donated items, and fundraising. Donation needs are bleach, laundry detergent, wet and dry Friskies, Costco, Sam’s or Wal-Mart gift cards and used van. Kitty condos, scratching posts always welcome. We collect clean aluminum cans for recycling to raise funds to support the sanctuary. Located in the Loris area (just 4 miles from S.C. 22 and S.C. 905). 843-455-6199 or daren@warssc.org. Donations/volunteers: The Myrtle Beach Shore Birds, area representatives for the Quilt of Valor Foundation, are accepting monetary donations or patriotic fabric to make and award a comforting and healing quilt to give to service members and veterans. One quilt can cost up to $250 to complete. Your tax-deductible gifts buys fabric for quilt tops and backing, and pays for batting. We are looking for quilters to make tops and longarmers to quilt the tops. 843-902-7584 and jwobb@aol.com Information The Saturday Wish List is a place for nonprofit organizations or clubs to list their current needs. We will not publish anything regarding the exchange of labor for money or the exchange of items for money. The deadline is 5 p.m. Tuesdays. Submissions must be sent in on a weekly basis. Call the voicemail at 843-626-0282 or email features@thesunnews.com. Leave your name and contact information. Compiled by Lisa Urban. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Community Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:44 Booker T. Washington community has mixed comments on new Futrell Park fence Pause 0:51 One suspect detained, one at large after incident at Broadway at the Beach 1:58 Veronica Thompson remembers son Levi Moody's life 1:28 The week ahead for Myrtle Beach: Nov. 21 - Nov. 27 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:50 Burgess community celebrates WWII veteran's 100th birthday 2:50 Levi Moody stars in talent show 1:22 Fugitives, on the run from police, fled to Broadway at the Beach 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 1:07 Brad Redding golf tip (Nov. 15, 2016) Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:23 5 months ago The unofficial first weekend of summer kicked off with sun and salt in Myrtle Beach 1:59 a year ago Billy Roberts talks old times at Myrtle's Market 1:27 2 years ago Conway wets down brand-new fire engine in ceremony and pushes truck into new home View more video Community Collection planned for Socastee flood victims Grand Strand Newsmakers Myrtle Beach-area organizations need your help Saturday Swap Area groups, nonprofits can submit holiday wish lists for publication Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Find & Save DealSaver More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Odd News Walmart, Coke apologize for Sept. 11-themed display at Florida store By Ben Hooper   |   Sept. 9, 2016 at 3:43 PM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 PANAMA CITY, Fla., Sept. 9 (UPI) -- A Walmart spokesman said a 9/11-themed display at a Florida store was designed and created by Coca-Cola. A photo of the display at the Walmart in Panama City, Fla., was posted to Twitter by user @online_shawn and immediately sparked outrage among online commentators who objected to the use of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to sell Coke, as well as the arrangement of the Coke boxes to resemble the twin towers in front of an American flag. "We will never forget," reads a banner bearing the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson said the display was being removed following the online outcry. Crowson told the Orlando Weekly the display was pitched to Walmart by Coke, and the store approved it. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday," Walmart said in a statement emailed to Mashable. Coca-Cola spokeswoman Kimberly Kuo said the display was misinterpreted. "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event," she told CNBC. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Louisiana lawmaker proposes -- and withdraws -- weight limit for strip club dancers German government creates online sex manual for immigrants State Department apologizes for less-than-attractive travel tweet Comments Topics: Sept. 11 Latest Headlines Tesla's 'instant acceleration' saves stopped car from being rear-ended 34 minutes ago RALEIGH, N.C., Nov. 18 (UPI) -- A Tesla driver in North Carolina shared dashcam footage of how his vehicle's "instant acceleration" feature saved him from being rear-ended. United Airlines pilot bans Trump talk on flight after passengers argue 17 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A passenger on a flight from San Francisco to Mexico recorded a pilot's announcement discouraging political talk in flight after an argument about Donald Trump. Stray dog interrupts England-India cricket match, poops on the pitch 17 hours ago VISAKHAPATNAM, England, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A cricket game between the English and Indian teams came to a halt in India when a stray dog wandered onto the pitch and led security staff on a chase. Cat alerts Australian man to venomous snake hiding in his shoe 18 hours ago OLDBURY, Australia, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A Western Australia man said his cat tipped him off to the presence of a venomous snake in his shoe just as he was about to put it on his foot. Stranded hawk rescued from gutter by California police 18 hours ago SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A distressed hawk was rescued by fire crews in Florida after becoming stuck in a gutter on Tuesday. Police search for statue bear-napped from Russell Stover factory 19 hours ago ABILENE, Kan., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Police in Kansas are on the hunt for a particular sweet stolen landmark -- a statue of a candy bear outside the Russell Stover factory. Florida police reunite miniature horse with owners 19 hours ago OKEECHOBEE , Fla., Nov. 17 (UPI) -- Police in Florida took to social media to help reunite an escaped miniature horse with its owner. U.K. woman uses plastic fork to fend off sword-wielding attacker 19 hours ago GREENOCK, Scotland, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A woman in Scotland managed to ward off a sword-wielding attacker at a fast food restaurant armed with only a plastic fork. Father, son spot mountain lions swimming in California lake 20 hours ago SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A father and son in California had a rare encounter with a pair of mountain lions as they spotted the big cats swimming in a lake. Pennsylvania man's dog executes flawless 'mannequin challenge' 20 hours ago PITTSBURGH, Nov. 17 (UPI) -- A Pennsylvania dog owner shared a video of his well-trained dog mastering the "mannequin challenge" in a variety of complex poses. Trending Stories Wrong-number text leads strangers to visit newborn in hospital Florida boy, 9, makes dramatic catch to save falling baby brother Grandma's attempt to put baby to bed goes spectacularly awry Polar bear petting dog caught on camera in Manitoba Pennsylvania man's dog executes flawless 'mannequin challenge' UPI More Collections Popular American brands in China Rio Olympics: Best of Beach Volleyball 2016 NY Comic Con Rio Olympics: Hugs and kisses 2015 Most revealing red carpet looks Go Topless Pride Parade [NSFW] Celebrating the bikini at 70 Notable Deaths of 2016 Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Top 10 U.S. prison escapes ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Peninsula stores fight for grocery dollars Hampton Roads grocery store market share rankings TidewaterBiz.com reports grocery rankings in our local area. TidewaterBiz.com reports grocery rankings in our local area. Tara BozickContact Reportertbozick@dailypress.com Who are the top grocers in Hampton Roads? Privacy Policy Peninsula grocers are adapting to give customers what they expect — healthy, quality food at affordable prices — as Wal-Mart, Kroger and Whole Foods continue to grab more market share in the region. Of the total Hampton Roads market share, Food Lion remains the dominant grocer with Wal-Mart at No. 2 and Farm Fresh at No. 3, according to trade publication Food World's annual market study report. On a more local level, Food Lion is the favorite for Newport News, Hampton, Isle of Wight, Smithfield and Mathews while shoppers in James City and Williamsburg prefer Farm Fresh, according to the report. Wal-Mart dominates in Gloucester while the big-box retailer barely beats out Food Lion in York County. Food Lion remains the dominant grocer in Hampton Roads, according to trade publication Food World's annual market study report. Check out the full list. Regionwide, Food Lion dominates because it has the most stores with 78 to garner 17.8 percent of total market share, according to the report. Farm Fresh took a dip from 13.9 percent to 12.9 percent of total market share from 2015 to 2016. Wal-Mart, including its smaller Neighborhood Markets, had a slight increase in total market share from 14.8 percent to 14.9 percent from year to year. Other alternative grocers, including 7-Eleven, Wawa, Walgreens and Sam's Club, also gained ground with alternatives now representing 51.6 percent of the market, up from 51.2 percent in 2015. Military commissaries, which represent 10 percent of the Newport News and Hampton market share, saw a total regional market share dip from 4.9 percent in 2015 to 4.4 percent this year, according to the Food World report. Kroger's addition of Marketplace stores in Hampton Roads contributed to its increase in total market share from 4.76 percent to 4.84 percent, according to the Food World report. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Virginia Port Authority: Moving Forward The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  Caption Aldi finishing construction Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Caption 'Right to Work' constitutional amendment on November ballots in Virginia Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Caption Why electric cars will be the way of the future Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Hampton Roads is already a highly competitive market where price remains the primary driver with strong low-price influence from Wal-Mart and the commissaries, according to the report. And it's only going to get more competitive as discount retailers Aldi and Lidl plan to enter the market and as Kroger plans more stores on the Peninsula — in Denbigh and in the redevelopment of Riverdale Plaza in Hampton. Keep your eye on Food Lion's sustainability in Hampton Roads when German discount grocer Lidl starts entering the market in 2018 with nine stores planned so far in the region, including two in Newport News and one in Hampton, Food World Publisher Jeff Metzger said. The millennial generation, or the 18-34 age group, is driving a lot of change toward nutrition and wellness as well as convenience, Metzger said. That's why you see grocers adapting with better marketed organic and natural food sections and a better selection of prepared food or ready-to-cook items. Over the years, Hampton Roads' changing demographics has led to households with more disposable income, demanding higher end stores and selection, Metzger said. Whole Foods is the case in point in Newport News, where Mid-Atlantic favorite Wegmans also had its eye. Grocers are also adding improved private-label products, which could appeal to those who aren't as brand loyal, Metzger said. What grocery store chain is the Peninsula still missing? Do you want to see a Wegman's? A Publix? Here's a partial look at missing supermarkets. For instance, Food Lion recently took its premium-tier Taste of Inspirations deli line companywide, said Wanda Marshburn, Food Lion director of operations for 25 stores in the Newport News-Hampton region. Salisbury, N.C.-based Food Lion, which is part of the Ahold Delhaize group, continues to invest to keep low prices on staple items and has been enhancing stores to showcase its fresh produce and natural and organic items, Marshburn said. Food Lion makes buying natural or premium products more affordable with its own brands, including its own wine, she added. Food Lion also remains strong because of its convenient neighborhood locations and dedicated employees, Marshburn said. Farm Fresh has been remodeling stores on the Peninsula to modernize the shopping experience, said Dave Huettl, vice president of sales and merchandising. From 2014 to the end of 2016, Farm Fresh will have remodeled 18 of its 41 stores in Hampton Roads, including seven of 12 Peninsula stores. Much of those renovations have focused on highlighting its fresh products in addition to revamping the deli, bakery and seafood departments, Huettl said. (Judith Lowery) Throughout the store, Farm Fresh is allocating more space to capture customer trends for healthier options, including organic and gluten-free items, and its chef-to-go items to make it easier for folks who want to cook gourmet-style meals at home, Huettl said. The company is also adding more items to the Wild Harvest line. "We try to give you a convenient meal solution regardless of the size of your family," Huettl said. Farm Fresh finds more folks want healthier meal options and transparency in labeling, he said. Still, Virginia Beach-based Farm Fresh, a subsidiary of Minnesota's SuperValu, might appeal to millennials who are focused on the local community. "Being in the area, we're always trying to highlight who's local, what's local in our weekly ads in the store," Huettl said. While Cincinnati-based The Kroger Co. and its Village Square at Kiln Creek shopping center store compete well on price, the biggest change the company has seen during the past five years has been the customer emphasis on convenience, spokeswoman Noelle Motley said in an email. That's why the company is rolling out its ClickList online ordering service at stores in South Hampton Roads this year. Kroger now operates 10 stores in the region, including four Marketplace stores that sell home decor, bed and bath items and small appliances. The new Marketplaces and providing items customers ask for, such as natural and organic foods, local produce and craft products, have helped Kroger's regional uptick in sales, Motley said. Millennials also like the digital coupon savings and prepared foods. Harris Teeter has been able benefit from its January 2014 merger with The Kroger Co. to pass savings on to shoppers with lower prices on thousands of products, said spokeswoman Lea Ramsey. Harris Teeter's market share in Hampton Roads grew from 6.08 percent to 6.15 percent, according to Food World. The grocer also prides itself on its quality products, extensive selection, clean stores, friendly staff and promotions. The Fresh Market, which saw its regional market share increase from 1.06 percent to 1.29 percent, had already been providing shoppers easy grab-and-go options for preparing a home-cooked meal, said spokeswoman Stephanie Lowder. The "Little Big Meal" program changes meals each week. Food World's market analysis is based on information collected from April 1, 2015, through March 31, 2016. Find the full report at best-met.com/issue/market-study-2016/. Bozick can be reached by phone at 757-247-4741. Sign up for a free weekday business news email at TidewaterBiz.com. Supermarket share Hampton Roads supermarket share from Food World annual market study, June 2016 1.Food Lion, 37.4% 2.Farm Fresh, 27.1% 3.Harris Teeter, 12.9% 4.Kroger, 10.2% 5.Fresh Market, 2.7% 6.Whole Foods, 2.6% 7.Giant/Carlisle (Martin's), 1.9% 8.Trader Joe's, 1.9% 9.Save-A-Lot, 1.4% 10.International markets, 1.1% *This list doesn't include alternative grocers such as Wal-Mart, convenience stores and club stores. Source: Food World archives at best-met.com Total market share Hampton Roads total market share, including alternative grocers, June 2016 1.Food Lion, 17.8% 2.Wal-Mart, 14.9% 3.Farm Fresh, 12.9% 4.7-Eleven, 7.4% 5.Harris Teeter, 6.15% 6.Kroger, 4.8% 7.Military commissaries, 4.4% 8.Rite Aid, 4.3% 9.Walgreens, 4% 10.Target, 3.1% 11.CVS, 2.97% 12.Wawa, 2.94% 13.Sam's Club, 2.88% 14.BJ's Wholesale Club, 2.27% 15.Fresh Market, 1.29% 16.Whole Foods, 1.22% 17.Kmart, 1.2% 18.Costco, 1.2% 19.Giant/Carlisle (Martin's), 0.91% 20.Trader Joe's 0.9% Source: Food World archives at best-met.com Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 53°
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World September 9, 2016 11:34 am Updated: September 9, 2016 12:16 pm 9/11 Florida Walmart soda display: Patriotic or offensive? By Jenny Rodrigues Multimedia Producer  Global News WATCH: Is the public backlash for this 9/11 display warranted? What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A soda display at a Florida Walmart fashioned to commemorate 9/11 and look like the Twin Towers has drawn divisive responses from social media and local residents. Story continues below Set up under a banner that read “We Will Never Forget,” emblazoned with both the Walmart and Coca-Cola logos, stacks of soda cases were used to create an American flag and Twin Towers mosaic. One shopper at the Panama City Beach location told WJHG that she found it offensive. READ MORE: Offensive Twin Towers mattress commercial airs days before 9/11 “Those people died and I don’t think you should be exploiting it with an advertisement. I don’t think that’s right,” she said. Others saw it as an important reminder of the tragic events 15 years ago. “It’s something that was terrible that happened to us in our country. We should not hide it or be offended by it,” said one woman. “Anything that’s patriotic is fine. No matter whether it’s selling something or doesn’t. It’s telling people, to remind people to think of America, America first,” said a man. On social media, opinions were just as divided. @KTLA re:this coca cola Wal-Mart display I'd just like to say as a coke employee for 40+yrs&a proud veteran I think its a beautiful tribute — Steve D (@SteveD91635820) September 9, 2016 @BertShowBert @CocaCola @Walmart if you're offended by a patriotic display then maybe you shouldn't live here. — Pat Garrett (@osufanOH) September 9, 2016 This is a fake, right? This was photoshopped, right? Please tell me this was photoshopped. @Walmart @CocaCola pic.twitter.com/FKb5sQipoQ — James Crampton (@JimCramptonWPG) September 7, 2016 Disgusted by the Wal-Mart Coca Cola display in FL & the Mattress co. in TX mocking 9/11. Also question who is hiring these ppl! #poorchoices — Ashley Boynes-Shuck (@BuellaMarie) September 9, 2016 Coca-Cola and Walmart have since apologized for the display, saying it was intended to support the local firefighting department’s upcoming event. A Walmart spokesperson said in a statement: “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday.” Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. Follow @jennynotjen © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error 9-11 9-11 Coca Cola Display 9-11 Walmart Display 9/11 15th anniversary 9/11 anniversary 2016 9/11 Coca Cola display Remembering 9/11 Sept. 11 September 11 Walmart Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home Subscribe Manage Login Logout News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Weather Traffic Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads Today's Paper 75° Weather | Traffic Login | Activate Account | Manage Account | Logout | Today's Paper Today's Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the printed newspaper. You can view today's paper or previous issues. Want full access? Subscribe News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Weekly Ads 75° Sections Subscription Manage Account Download the new TCPalm app Bargainista Small grocery stores mean big savings on the Treasure Coast The grand opening for the new Aldi at 3937 S.E. U.S. 1 is Sept. 15. The first 100 shoppers will receive store gift certificates, free reusable bags, samples and entry in a contest to win free produce for a year. (KELLY TYKO/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) Posted: Sept. 09, 2016 1 Comment SHARE Aldi opens its third Treasure Coast store Sept. 15 in Stuart at the southeast corner of U.S. 1 and Southeast Miami Avenue near the Walmart Supercenter. (KELLY TYKO/TREASURE COAST NEWSPAPERS) Related Coverage BARGAINISTA: Tips for shopping at Aldi Posted: Sept. 09, 2016 1 Just because a store is small, doesn't mean you can't save big. I've found this to be the case at the Treasure Coast's new wave of smaller grocery stores, especially no-frills discount grocery retailer Aldi. The German grocer opens its third store here Thursday in Stuart at the southeast corner of U.S. 1 and Southeast Miami Avenue near the Wal-Mart Supercenter. Another Aldi is expected to open this winter in Port St. Lucie. Not to be outdone, Wal-Mart is continuing to bring its smaller grocery-only stores to the region. Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market stores are scheduled to open early next year in Vero Beach and Port St. Lucie. The smaller stores — a typical Aldi is 18,539 square feet and a Neighborhood Market is one-fifth the size of a Supercenter — make shopping trips faster. NEW ALDI Aldi, one of the world's largest grocery chains, is short for "Albrecht Discount," named after brothers and original owners Karl and Theo Albrecht. A California offshoot of Aldi operates the trendier Trader Joe's, a gourmet and specialty grocer whose closest stores are in Palm Beach Gardens and Wellington. The grand opening for the new Aldi, at 3937 S.E. U.S. 1, begins with a ribbon cutting at 8:45 a.m. After the ceremony, the first 100 shoppers will receive store gift certificates, free reusable bags, samples and entry in a contest to win free produce for a year. "We are pleased to bring our first store to Stuart to help customers get high-quality products at everyday low prices," said Chris Hewitt, Aldi's Royal Palm Beach division vice president, in a news release. "We challenge shoppers to switch from national brands to our high-quality exclusive brands and stretch their dollars without compromising quality." Like with past Aldi grand openings, I expect many dedicated shoppers will line up early or possibly camp out. However, a competing grand opening — the region's first Wawa also opens Thursday in Stuart at the southeast corner of Kanner Highway and Monterey Road — might split the crowds. Aldi stores primarily carry items most commonly purchased at grocery stores and don't have pharmacy, bakery and deli departments. The store brands are more than 1,300 products and the company says it keeps prices low by using a warehouse layout and minimal staffing. Another cost-saving measure is customers "rent" shopping carts for a quarter. As long as you return your cart, you'll get the quarter back. You also need to bring your own bags and then bag your own groceries. Since Aldi started accepting credit cards in March, I've been a regular shopper and my favorite things to purchase are produce and eggs because of how low the prices are. Because of the store's generous "Double Guarantee," I'm willing to be adventurous and try other products. With the guarantee, if you're not 100 percent satisfied with a product, bring it back and Aldi will replace the product and refund your money. FUTURE STORES Two Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market stores are under construction and more could be in the works. Like the region's first market in St. Lucie West, the old Vero Beach Albertsons, which closed in June 2012, is being replaced by a grocery-only Wal-Mart. A second Port St. Lucie store is being built at the northwest corner of Port St. Lucie Boulevard and Yale Street, north of Darwin Boulevard. A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market also could replace the Fort Pierce Winn-Dixie that closed in 2013 on U.S. 1 in the Kmart plaza, according to plans on real estate website LoopNet. Wal-Mart officials would not comment on this but if it happens perhaps Aldi would open a store nearby too. Not far from where the Port St. Lucie Wal-Mart is under construction, the city's second Aldi is being built at Gatlin Boulevard and Brighton Street and expected to open this winter, Hewitt said in an email statement. But what about an Aldi in Indian River County? While preliminary plans were filed for a location on State Road 60 near the Wal-Mart Supercenter earlier this year, formal plans haven't been filed yet with the county. The proposed store could go in a plaza on a 9.5-acre lot between the Applebee's and Sonny's BBQ being proposed by Konover South, the same developer of the Stuart Aldi. Although Hewitt said he had no details he could share about a possible Indian River or Vero Beach location, I firmly believe the company will eventually open a store in the county. If not on State Road 60, maybe near the new Wal-Mart. And since Aldi and Wal-Mart are continuing to add stores throughout Florida, I think we'll have more places to shop in the future. Kelly Tyko is a columnist for Treasure Coast Newspapers. This column reflects her opinion. Read her Bargainista tips at TCPalm.com/Bargainista and follow her on Twitter @TCPalmKelly.   1 Share Tweet Email Print Business Sections Business Home Bargainista Sponsored Business Content National Business Bargainista on Twitter Tweets by @TCPalmKelly Now Trending Indian River School District discusses Confederate flag ban on campuses Cleanup of Fort Pierce H.D. King Power Plant sparks redevelopment questions County resident David Smythe donates $2 million more to Martin Memorial Health Systems St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office investigating death in Spanish Lakes Riverfront | Map News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Specialty Lifestyle Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Newsletters Useful Links Submit Your Stuff Legal Notices Print Ads Newspaper Archive About Us Contact Us Legal Info Advertise with Us Jobs at TCP We Sponsor the Treasure Coast Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad Kindle Android © 2016 TC Palm PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Terms of Use
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Business Events CNY Gas Prices Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe High School Sports CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors Scoreboards Pro Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL NY Sports Back to Main Menu High School Home Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Girls Swimming Field Hockey Girls Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Golf Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Hockey Baseball Softball Wrestling Boys Swimming Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Tennis Girls Ice Hockey Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Coca-Cola apologizes for 9/11 display resembling twin towers at Walmart By  Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 09, 2016 at 8:35 AM, updated September 09, 2016 at 9:28 AM Print Email Twitter  Coke Zero meets Ground Zero? Coca-Cola has apologized for a 9/11 display that resembled the World Trade Center before the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Photos online went viral showing cases of Coke cans stacked to look like the twin towers in a Walmart store in Florida. Black Coke Zero cases were in columns, surrounded by red Coca-Cola, gray/white Diet Coke and blue Sprite cases in the shape of the American flag. Above the display was a sign with Coca-Cola and Walmart's logos and the message: "9-11-01: We will never forget." Under the banner is a "Rollback" sign advertising that 12-packs of the soda cans were on sale for $3.33 each. Wal-Mart said store management at its Panama City Beach, Fla., location approved the design, which was criticized as "exploitive" and "disgusting" on social media this week. Two jobs open today. One at @CocaCola for this display idea to honor 9-11. And the mgr at @Walmart that approved it pic.twitter.com/dtGKcLr2Zh— Bert Weiss (@BertShowBert) September 8, 2016 After backlash, Wal-Mart said the display was removed from the store on Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," the retailer told the Associated Press. Coca-Cola's bottler for the region told the AP it was meant to honor local firefighters for an upcoming event "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," the bottler said. This isn't the first time a brand has been accused of using events like 9/11, where nearly 3,000 people were killed in terrorist attacks coordinated by Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda, to promote products. In 2013, AT&T came under fire for "tacky" ads showing a smartphone taking a photo of the twin lights paying tribute to the former WTC towers in New York City, and Marriott customers found the hotels' offer of free coffee and muffins "in remembrance" to be offensive. About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Barczyk Chiropractic Group Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Win KPEL Cash Banquet Pick Em 2016 Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Florida Walmart Faces Backlash Over Controversial 9/11-Themed Coca-Cola Display [PHOTO] By DJ Digital September 9, 2016 6:35 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Coca-Cola and Walmart are facing sharp criticism over a 9/11-themed store display of the Twin Towers in front of the American flag. The in-store display—made entirely from cans—was accompanied by a sign saying “We will never forget” flanked by logos for both Coca-Cola and Walmart. The sign and the display were created to mark the 15 year anniversary of the 2001 attack that took the lives of nearly 3,000 people. Almost immediately after being posted on the internet, the photo (taken at a Panama City Beach Walmart) received backlash from those who thought the display was in poor taste. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 According to the Orlando Weekly, employees at the Panama City Beach Walmart say they were only following orders and that the 9/11 display was “all Coke’s idea.” This is definitely not the first time Walmart has come under fire for questionable store displays (does anyone remember that time they built a tank out of Bud Light to commemorate the 4th of July?) but the display has been dismantled at the time of this post. Many argue that while the intentions may be genuine, it is in poor taste to market a product and/or profit off the 9/11 anniversary. Others feel that those who are offended are simply being too sensitive. What do you think? [via MyFox8] LAFAYETTE POLICE TO CRACK DOWN ON THOSE TEXTING AND DRIVING Filed Under: 911 | Coca Cola | Walmart Category: News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Acadian Village Lights Up The Region Starting December 1st [VIDEO] Duck Dynasty Coming To End, Announces Final Season REPORT: Les Miles On “Short List” For Baylor Head Coach Job Thieves Target Homes With Packages Left At Front Door [VIDEO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES President Obama Gathers Key Europe Leaders Amid Questions About Trump Dumb Things We Pay For, But Shouldn’t Threat Of Alligators Stops Suspect’s Escape Attempt Restore Louisiana Task Force To Begin Distribution Of Flood Relief Money How Many Acadiana Area Teams Will Win In Second Round Of LHSAA Playoffs? EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Autos Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 196 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season The AC is on and we're still wearing shorts, but the giant retailer opened its layaway and released list of top toys. Post to Facebook How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season The AC is on and we're still wearing shorts, but the giant retailer opened its layaway and released list of top toys.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2cJoPiz {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 22 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs How early is too early? Walmart starts holiday season Georgea Kovanis , On Style 9:28 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 Holiday shopping at Walmart (Photo: Gunnar Rathbun, Invision for Walmart) The AC is on full blast but Walmart has already kicked off the holiday shopping season, The mega retailer has released its list of toys it says kids want most and it's opened its holiday layaway program. Are you excited? Or is this too much, way too early? We want to know. Meanwhile, here are Walmart's top toys; the retailer says they were chosen by kids. (For more information or to shop online: walmart.com) ► My Life As Food Truck  (Walmart exclusive) My Life As Food Truck  (Photo: Walmart) Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart  (Photo: Walmart) ► Num Noms' Lipgloss Truck ► Pom Pom Wow Decoration Station ► Doc McStuffins Hospital Care Cart ► FurReal Friends Torch, My Blazin' Dragon ► Hatchimals ► Little Live Pets Puppy Related:12 secrets to get great shopping deals ► Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice Batcave (Walmart exclusive) ► Barbie Rainbow Cove Princess Castle Playset Fisher Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway  (Photo: Walmart) ► Fisher Price Imaginext Bat Flight City ► Fisher Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway ► My Little Pony Explore Equestria Crystal Empire Castle ► Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mega Lair Playset ► Pie Face Showdown! Game (Walmart exclusive) ► Razor PowerCore E100 Electric Scooter (Walmart exclusive) ► Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey  (Walmart exclusive) Teenage Mutant NInja Turtles o Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Remote Control Skateboarding Mikey  (Photo: RON BATZDORFF) ► Hot Wheels AI Racing Playset ► Nerf N-Strike Elite HyperFire Blaster ► Tyco Terra Climber Remote Control Vehicle ► VtechGo! Go! Smart Wheels Treasure Mountain Train Adventure Vtech Go! Go! Smart Wheels Treasure Mountain Train Adventure  (Photo: Walmart) ► Disney Princess Carriage (Walmart exclusive) ► Paw Patrol Zooming Marshall ► Sky Viper Streaming Drone ► Star Wars Electronic R2D2 196 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2cJoPiz More Stories Culinary students hold annual bake sale in Dearborn Nov. 17, 2016, 5:30 p.m. Family elder lives life half-baked Nov. 17, 2016, 11:31 p.m. Holiday baking event offered tasty time for all Nov. 17, 2016, 12:09 a.m.
null
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 Around the world: Verona students present Thanksgiving program Gov. Bryant weighs in on withheld education contracts More In News VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 Around the world: Verona students present Thanksgiving program Gov. Bryant weighs in on withheld education contracts Many say funding, not formula is problem with schools Tupelo continues effort to provide utilities to annexed areas View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Tall Fall: Bulldogs can’t contain 7-6 center Featured Mississippi State women winning recruiting battle By Logan Lowery Daily Journal STARKVILLE – Vic Schaefer’s success at Mississippi State is translating to the recruiting trail as well. Over the... Business BancorpSouth CFO Prater retiring in March $500K available for bicentennial events Custom Engineered Wheels rebuilding in Baldwyn More In Business BancorpSouth CFO Prater retiring in March $500K available for bicentennial events Custom Engineered Wheels rebuilding in Baldwyn Square business owners give thoughts on parking garage DENNIS SEID: Entrepreneur’s social media platform could be big deal View all posts in Business Lifestyle All kinds of thanks: City hosts community Thanksgiving service Casting Crowns returns to Tupelo Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church More In Lifestyle All kinds of thanks: City hosts community Thanksgiving service Casting Crowns returns to Tupelo Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church NERD’S EYE VIEW: Death by misadventure Screen Scene: Humans make first contact with aliens in ‘Arrival’ View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion BILL MINOR: Trump’s scariest tack is with Putin CAL THOMAS: GOP won, Democrats lost; deal with it Letters to the Editor: Nov. 17, 2016 More In Opinion BILL MINOR: Trump’s scariest tack is with Putin CAL THOMAS: GOP won, Democrats lost; deal with it Letters to the Editor: Nov. 17, 2016 OUR OPINION: Achievement gaps aren’t necessarily uncrossable OUR OPINION: Brief comment session inadequate for topic View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Tupelo CVB names Russell market strategist Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 18, 2016 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 17, 2016 Freeze after practice: No comment on Farrar, likes what he’s seen in practice Video: Mario Kegler VIDEO: Newsbreak, Nov. 16, 2016 No. 10 Bulldogs play Tulane in Biloxi Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Dollar General stores opening in area Dollar General stores opening in area Posted on September 9, 2016 by Dennis Seid in Business, News Adam Robison | Buy at photos.djournal.com Dollar General, in the former Walmart Express store in Nettleton, has a soft opening on Saturday. A grand opening will be held Oct. 1. By Dennis Seid Daily Journal Some former Walmart Express locations are reopening this weekend as Dollar General stores. Dollar General bought 41 of the former Walmart Express stores in 11 states for an undisclosed sum in July. Included in the purchase were five locations in Mississippi: Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton andSardis. Dollar General did not buy the location in Walnut, but it does have a store there. The new expanded Dollar General stores – which offer fresh meat, produce and fuel – are having soft openings in Belmont, Mantachie and Nettleton on Saturday. Dollar General said it will celebrate the stores’ official grand openings later this month and next month. At each grand-opening event, which will begin at 8 a.m., the first 50 adult customers will receive a free three-pound package of ground beef, the first 100 adult customers will receive a $10 Dollar General gift card and the first 200 shoppers will receive a Dollar General tote bag with assorted samples, among other giveaways. Donuts and coffee will be served in the morning while hot dogs and drinks will be available beginning at 11 a.m. Belmont and Mantachie will have grand openings on Sept. 24, while the Nettleton store will have its event Oct. 1 The store in Derma still is being renovated and will open in “mid-fall,” according to Dollar General. The new stores are about12,000 square feet, compared to a traditional Dollar General format that is some 9,100 square feet. Each of the new stores will employ about 15 people. “Dollar General is committed to delivering a pleasant shopping experience that includes a convenient location, a wide assortment of merchandise and great prices on quality products,” said Dan Nieser, Dollar General’s senior vice president of real estate and store development. “We hope our customers will enjoy shopping at Dollar General’s new locations.” dennis.seid@journalinc.com Twiter: @dennisseid Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Missouri appeals court order to reveal execution drug source Dueling groups accuse city of unfair treatment → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Do you agree that most achievement gaps can be overcome? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages Daily Journal Ole Miss football assistant placed on leave MHSAA reclassification: Mooreville, Oxford move on up Piano Extravaganza set for First United Methodist Church Union County woman pleads guilty in Jessica Chambers scam Freeze after practice: No comment on Farrar, likes what he's seen in practice Gifts for TPD: THS seniors present art for new police station PARRISH ALFORD: Egg Bowl storylines evolve Corinth man charged with assaulting Tishomingo County deputy Tupelo mayor will host re-election event tonight Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
null

null
null
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out business Search Industries Small Business Money Farming World Better Business Nurture Change 2016 Opinion & Analysis Tools The practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires TRAVIS M ANDREWS Last updated 13:47, September 9 2016 @online_shawn/TWITTER Companies across the United States employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it'll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the US employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Florida. READ MORE: * Change, crash, burn: Seven top re-branding failures * Maori TV wrestles with brand identity as it seeks more viewers * BP loses fight for the colour green * Products that flopped worse than Coke Life The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart's logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words "We Will Never Forget," and in the top right corner is "9-11-01." Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. "Rollback," the sign states. The display first came to the public's attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,955 times and liked 4560 times. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Ad Feedback Needless to say, anger rolled in. "This is one of the lamest things I've ever seen," tweeted one user. Another called it "crass commercialization." "Utterly tasteless," tweeted a third. "Is that real?!" asked one user. "Dear God, tell me that isn't real." Etcetera, ad nauseam. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Alabama-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user snapped a screenshot. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3— Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 That same year the Twiiter account for the Timehop app, that markets itself as "a time capsule of you", posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying "Memba dis?" Absolutely #breathtaking 9/11 tribute: cartoon dinosaur asking "memba dis?". Do u memba? Memba when the towers fell? pic.twitter.com/pFLSwncTa6— Helena Bottom-Farter (@solikebasically) September 11, 2014 Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Hey @buildabear, do you guys have a workshop for building tone-deafness? pic.twitter.com/RY3xn662Le— Miles Kahn (@mileskahn) September 11, 2014 Some companies quietly remove the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology, tweeting: "We apologise to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy." We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy.— AT&T (@ATT) September 11, 2013 Randall Stephenson, AT&T Chairman and CEO later told AdWeek, "Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honour those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honouring the lives lost on that tragic day." Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. @WhiteCastle @twerkrobot why do fast food chains keep doing this? "remember the dead. by the way, burgers"— headphone jackoff (@diss1) September 11, 2014 It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014 - the latter even offered a 40 per cent discount. In fact, the practice has become common. In remembrance of 9/11 we will be doing a patriotic special drink! 15%off Vanilla Blasts if you want it dyed red... http://t.co/VRUUBqvFOB— Caffeine Supreme (@CaffeineSupreme) September 11, 2014 After the satirical website the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two footlong subs for $9.11 with the tagline "Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad, tweeting: "Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion." Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the sombre anniversary completely. "We've been saying to people, there's probably no right way to do this," J Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. "If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful." Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. "On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there's a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity," Salzman told the Times. "My advice would be to go dark. There's no place for brands to live." But if the Walmart/Coke display in Florida is any indication, some brands are still learning.  - The Washington Post Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next World story: Facebook weeds out clickbait from News Feed, says don't rely on Facebook for all your news Business Homepage Comments business headlines Kaikoura 'needs a miracle' $5m aid package for quake farmers First tourists on the water Bike station in the heart of cycle city Kaikoura fishery closure on cards Paul Henry's wine sells out Auckland port heeds Wellington's call Mortgage fraudster jailed Gone: Jaybees jelly beans 'Ready to go' tsunami warning system on shelf South Island open for business Lifeline falls short for Seddon Roadside sheep slaughter Tables 'sparkle' at new McDonalds Queensgate still closed Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Vegetarian-only days in NZ Army, schools and hospitals to cut red meat consumption? Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 774 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence In the wake of a violent death, seven years later. Post to Facebook Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence In the wake of a violent death, seven years later.  Check out this story on newsleader.com: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/local/2016/09/08/her-name-rebekah/89660056/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Her name was Rebekah: Aftermath of domestic violence Traci Moyer , tmoyer@newsleader.com 3:16 p.m. EDT September 12, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share In 2009, Rebekah Gibson, 20, a former resident of Waynesboro, was murdered by Ridge Lee Huffman in Buckhannon, W. Va. Seven years after her death, her parents, David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro talk about their daughter and domestic violence. Holly Marcus/Special to The News Leader In the wake of a violent death, seven years later. Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro had made a little scrapbook for her daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia, that was returned to her with her daughter's belongings. (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) 774 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE In the early morning hours of a cold and rainy January night in 2009, police responded to a 911 call about two people arguing in a Wal-Mart Superstore parking lot. The caller said it looked like the man was smashing up a car with a baseball bat. When the police arrived, the couple was nowhere to be found. With only a vague description of the couple and the car they drove, the police began searching for them in what is called a "rolling domestic" incident. Police did not know it at the time, but before the night was over the couple they were looking for would be involved in another incident, this one ending with the violent death of the young woman. Her name was Rebekah. * A SONG AND A PRAYER A mother and daughter, once close, are pulling apart and having difficulty communicating with each other. Despite or perhaps because of their exceptional closeness from years of homeschooling in Waynesboro, pride and protection, self-assertion and rejection get in the way. The daughter moves out. In the summer of 2008, the mother sends her a small scrapbook with a handful of childhood photos, a CD and song lyrics, trying to show her daughter what she cannot say. She prays for her child’s safe passage through young adulthood every night. The song is “In My Arms” by Plumb: “And as I watch / You start to grow up / All I can do / Is hold you tight / Knowing clouds will rage and / Storms will race in / But you will be / Safe in my arms.” The daughter thanks her mom politely for the gift, but in a journal entry she shows how truly moved she was by her mother’s gesture. “One day, mom, you’re going to know how much this means to me. It made me understand and see you in a whole new way. I love you so much. I’m sorry I have hurt you and made you so sad many times. Thank you for always seeing me even when sometimes I didn’t, and no one else did either.” By the time her mother reads this note, two years have passed. It’s a conversation she wishes they’d been able to have in person. But now that is impossible. * In the last hours before dawn of Jan. 28, 2009, Ridge Lee Huffman of Stuarts Draft parks outside his father’s house in Buckhannon, West Virginia. He walks inside  and tells his father and brother that he killed Rebekah and left her outside in the car. The family rushes out to find her body in the passenger seat, covered by a blanket. They try to reach her, but the door is locked and Huffman is inside the house, already asleep. Huffman’s brother dials 911. “I find myself asking why I couldn’t have just driven through, seen what was happening and stopped the violence before her life was taken”Lt. Doug Loudin, Buckhannon (W. Va.) Police ‘A TERRIBLE EVENT’ “It was a brutal murder,” said Matt Gregory, chief of police of Buckhannon, West Virginia. A murder the community of 5,550 living along the Buckhannon River still remembers. One man, who investigated and helped solve the crime, cannot forget it. Buckhannon Police Lt. Doug Loudin never met the victim, 20-year-old Rebekah Gibson, yet seven years after her death he vividly recalls details surrounding her murder without pulling a single police record. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro look through a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) He knows she died in the early morning hours. He knows that the night before it had snowed several inches. It rained hard the night Rebekah was killed, washing away snow and blood alike from the entrance to a shopping center where Ridge Huffman pulled Rebekah from his car and smashed a Maker's Mark whiskey bottle over her head. The blow from the bottle itself was enough to kill her, according to a coroner’s report Rebekah’s father David Gibson saw. Huffman then cut her throat twice with a boxcutter and shoved her back in the car, throwing a blanket over her. In the daytime the intersection where Huffman attacked Rebekah might be among the most bustling in Buckhannon, with an Arby’s restaurant right across the access road and two gas stations and a donut shop within a few tenths of a mile. At that hour of the morning, there were no witnesses to Rebekah's murder but the rain and the mute streetlights. Loudin remembers that night because he was on patrol. He drove by the site several times within a few hours of the murder. “It always sticks in the back of my mind," he said. "Anytime I go to Wal-Mart, anytime I drive down the street where the car was found, I think about it." Several police calls were made that night by people who saw the arguing couple at different locations and different times of the night, Loudin says. Like ripples in a pond expanding outward, the information was getting to police just a little too late. After pushing Rebekah back into the car, Huffman drove around the corner to a Sheetz station.  He tried to bum a cigarette off a store clerk who was "creeped out" by him, Loudin said. Rebekah's body was outside in the parked car, visible on security video. “I find myself asking why I couldn’t have just driven through, seen what was happening and stopped the violence before her life was taken,” Loudin wrote in a letter to Rebekah’s mother Nancy Jo. “For that, I feel I failed to protect Rebekah.” Ridge Huffman drove away from the gas station, taking with him the life of a young woman. The ripple of violence widened. But it may have begun even before that night. * Rebekah, the youngest child of David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro, was known for her love of animals, Doris Day movies and classic rock music. “She was a precious, kind, loving person who was very wounded,” said her mother Nancy Jo. “What perpetrators of domestic violence do, in my opinion, is they prey on wounded people. They manage to convince these women that this is all they are worthy of.” Buy Photo Nancy Jo and David Gibson of Waynesboro talk about their daughter, who was killed at age 20 in 2009.  (Photo: Holly Marcus/Special to The News Leader) In an effort to shield Rebekah’s mother from the details surrounding her daughter's death, the family had remained silent about Rebekah’s murder. When The News Leader retraced the lives of women who died at the hands of men in their life, the family said they wanted to share their story. Huffman, who had briefly dated Rebekah, was later sentenced to life for her murder. The story is not about him. Like a stone dropped in a pond sinks to its resting place below, he disappears from this story. It’s the ripples we are tracking. It’s the widening impact of a violent and deadly act. * PREMONITION AND GRIEF Months before her daughter’s death, Rebekah’s mother, Nancy Jo Gibson, wrote her thoughts and heartaches in a journal. All the entries start with a prayer and often beg for help. Many of the entries were filled with fears and tears. “Father, my heart is troubled over Rebekah,” Nancy Jo wrote on Dec. 6, 2008. “I do not know what, if anything is wrong, but I have a foreboding feeling.” The entries are almost psalm-like at times in asking for guidance for herself, and for Rebekah: “I ask You to be hard at work in her heart, mind, and circumstances, Father God, using all things to draw her ever closer to You and bringing her ever nearer to the place of complete surrender to You and Your will for her life.” Her concerns for her daughter’s behavior often intersect concerns that worldly attentions are pulling her away from her God. On Dec. 22, 2008, during a visit from Rebekah for the holiday, she wrote, “Father God, I confess to You that as I have been plunged back into a time of fear, grief, questioning, hurt, disappointment over Rebekah, I have pulled away from You. I am sorry, Lord. I need You desperately!” Later she realized perhaps she’d been pulling away from her daughter as well. “I didn’t stop loving them ever,” she said, speaking about her children, “but that openness of affection — I would withdraw that from them,” she said. Nancy Jo said one of her greatest regrets is refusing to visit her daughter or go to her apartment after Rebekah moved in with a boyfriend. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro hold a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) Even before Rebekah came to visit for the Christmas holidays, with her new friend — Huffman, the brother of one of her roommates — who'd provided the ride from West Virginia, Nancy Jo had an uneasy feeling. “In looking back over my journaling, I felt in my heart that something was wrong before Rebekah came home on the 15th,” Nancy Jo wrote. “Those feelings of unease, however, did not prepare me for the hurt that came about when it was evident she was, once again, on a path of destruction. “What I envisioned as a wonderful Christmas with Rebekah, spent shopping, decorating, cooking, and just enjoying her was dashed when she was rarely home, being out all hours with Ridge, who had brought her home from (West Virginia). We had a few good times when she was home, but I had a very difficult time seeing her leave with this young man who was obviously a bad influence, and returning home less than the happy, respectful young woman we had last seen in (West Virginia).” The journal entries continued with Nancy Jo seeking protection for her daughter and praise for any progress between the two. They are also filled with more concern over Ridge’s presence in her daughter’s life. In January 2009, she wrote, “Rebekah left home and was staying with another girl, but was also hanging out with Ridge. Ridge’s foster father and brother came by our house looking for him. They had much concern as did we. My prayers were focused on getting Rebekah to the point where we could get her the help she desperately needed, and asking the Lord to please help me with my sadness and helplessness. “On the 28th, it was obvious something was terribly wrong.” Friends from church came over, and her husband was left work early to meet her at home. Nancy Jo was sure she knew what had happened — she was sure her prayers had been answered. “I had been praying, and was sure the Lord had answered my prayer that Rebekah be picked up by law enforcement so that she would have no option other than to allow us to get her the help she needed. “I was prepared to hear that she was in jail. It would not be fun or easy, but I felt it would open the door for her to grow strong in the Lord and become a mighty woman of God. “I was not prepared in the least to hear that my child was dead.” * Rebekah’s aunt Beth Colbert said the relationship between her niece and Huffman was similar to a phrase from a popular song — a “slow fade.” “I think it's the same with relationship violence — a jealous fit turns to being grabbed to being hit and before you know it, you are OK with being abused and defending the abuser.” Colbert said children need to be educated about the cycle of abuse and when abuse happens, people need to tell someone. She didn’t always think like this. Colbert was an adjunct instructor at Blue Ridge Community College at the time of her niece’s death. She was teaching a student orientation that had a chapter on healthy relationships and the warning signs of domestic violence and abuse. THE NEWS LEADER Special Report: Domestic Violence | newsleader.com “I skipped over it,” she said. “I thought it wasn’t that big of a deal and there were more chapters than weeks for the class. I don’t know who I thought it did happen to, but it definitely didn’t happen in my family.” After her niece’s death, Colbert extensively researched the topic of domestic violence, adding statistics — and Rebekah’s story — to the chapter’s coverage. “It’s still commonly called domestic abuse and it’s so much more than that, it’s intimate partner abuse and there are different types of abuse and relationships where it happens,” she said. “I’m not sure anyone Is talking to kids about it.” Colbert said a society tends to assign blame to the victim when domestic violence occurs. She said Rebekah found herself in a “mess,” but it’s hard to pinpoint when or how it started. “She didn't just jump from a sweet little girl to this life in West Virginia,” Colbert said. “It was a slow fade and she couldn't find her way back.” * MOTHER AND DAUGHTER Talking to Nancy Jo about her grief, some details emerge that shed direct light on Rebekah and on the softer side of their relationship. Rebekah was a perfectionist in her school work. Nancy Jo said she often put a sticker on her children’s homework telling them they did a great job, even if an answer or two was incorrect. Rebekah would peel the stickers off. Rebekah Gibson is buried in Augusta Memorial Park in Waynesboro near the edge of the cemetery where there are horses in the adjoining field, her parents, David and Nancy Jo, said she enjoyed riding horses when she was younger. Gibson, originally from Waynesboro, was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) “It needed to be perfect for her,” Nancy Jo said. “She did well in her studies and she would stick to her work and always get it done.” Despite how she describes herself in strict, judgmental terms, Nancy Jo was a homeschooling parent who also enjoyed a little fun with her children, with an innate understanding about some of the more enjoyable elements of public school. Nancy Jo said she home schooled her children as close to the public school system as possible — including observing snow days. “I always loved snow days when I was growing up,” she said. * There are things Nancy Jo says she could have done differently. “There was a huge layer of protection, and in my case, overprotection and insulating from reality,” she said. Nancy Jo said she kept her homeschooled children away from people who were not living the way she thought they should live, or the way God says people should live. Looking back, Nancy Jo said she is embarrassed by some of her attitudes toward people and the way she shielded her children. “Things like people with tattoos,” she said. “I would judge them and I wouldn’t want my kids around them. I don’t think that way anymore.” * Nancy Jo said there were signs her daughter was starting to pull away from the family when she was 17 — suddenly she did not want to spend time with family, and she started smoking and drinking alcohol. “She would stay out all night or we would make plans and she wouldn’t show up,” Nancy Jo said. “She became dishonest and sneaky. Deceptive. There was not that openness and there was a secrecy about things.” That’s when things started to fall apart for them both, Nancy Jo said. “I was not one to extend grace or to try to find out where the broken heart of that behavior stemmed from,” said Nancy Jo as she sat at the kitchen table and struggled to speak through her tears. “I was very unaware that pride and critical spirit and judgmental attitudes are every bit as sinful to the Lord as external behavior. “I did not recognize my need for God’s grace and therefore I was not able to extend grace.” * SCRAPBOOK Compiling a scrapbook of memories about her daughter was a constant reminder of the “hole she left in my heart,” Nancy Jo Gibson said. The scrapbook might also come as close as any of us can get to knowing what type of person Rebekah was. The Rebekah who was a daughter and sister and student and teenager; who was not a victim. David and Nancy Jo Gibson of Waynesboro hold a scrapbook that Nancy Jo put together that contains memories and photos from the life of their daughter Rebekah, who was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) A collection of memories in images and words reveals a girl who was the youngest of three children, the only daughter in the family. A girl who grew up in Waynesboro, who loved to ride horses and listen to an Aerosmith song or two. A vivacious, dark-haired girl whose curiosity translated well in her homeschooling, her mother said. A girl with her nose in a book. A girl who insisted on hand-raising two kittens after they were discovered in a backyard woodpile.  Or fed two baby squirrels with eyedroppers until the tiny orphans were taken to the Wildlife Center of Virginia. Sprinkled throughout the book are photos of Rebekah hugging, laughing and caught unaware by a camera lens. There is a copy of her obituary and handwritten notes from the police officer, Loudin, who investigated her death. There are also letters Rebekah wrote which were found after she was killed. While the book is crammed with scraps of paper, notes and celebrations, it fails to capture the one thing her mother misses the most — Rebekah’s laughter. Raw emotion is tucked away inside. Like the note with long space-absorbing dashes where words failed to capture a mother's feelings of loss and despair. Photos of a smiling, teenage Rebekah Jane Gibson, her hair pulled back into a smart ponytail, surround the note. * COMING HOME Lt. Loudin said Rebekah was attempting to return to her family in Waynesboro when Huffman killed her. “She missed her mom and she was going to go back and he didn’t want her to go back,” he said. “He was convinced Rebekah was his girlfriend and they were a couple,” said David Gibson, Rebekah’s father. “To be so young and murdered in such a brutal way… this forever changed our family,” her aunt Beth Colbert said. While Nancy Jo often journaled her emotions and feelings, she was unaware her daughter was doing the same. When she found her daughter’s response to the scrapbook she’d sent her in 2008, two years later and months after Rebekah’s killer had been sentenced, Nancy Jo could see she and her daughter had been closer than even she had thought. It was a singular acknowledgment of a daughter and mother’s bond, coming full circle around a ripple born of suffering, back to its source. Rebekah Gibson is buried in Augusta Memorial Park in Waynesboro near the edge of the cemetery where there are horses in the adjoining field, her parents, David and Nancy Jo, said she enjoyed riding horses when she was younger. Gibson, originally from Waynesboro, was killed at age 20 in 2009 by her boyfriend in West Virginia.  (Photo: Holly Marcus / Special to The Ne) THE NEWS LEADER Secret cousins: Black & white family 774 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/local/2016/09/08/her-name-rebekah/89660056/ TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Worn flags retired and burned 2:18 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Fort Defiance at Waynesboro game recap 1:13 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Museum keeps school's legacy alive 1:24 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 More Stories Path to losing, keeping off pounds Nov. 16, 2016, 2:40 p.m. Alone on Thanksgiving? Here are places to go Nov. 18, 2016, 6:23 a.m. News Leader Football Picks — Week 13 Nov. 17, 2016, 12:13 p.m. YMCA Turkey Trot is back Nov. 18, 2016, 12:06 a.m.
null
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Haze68° FULL FORECASTHaze68° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Macdill Trump White House could boost Tampa defense industry, experts say US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Here's why Toys "R" Us is all about Tampa Bay right now Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Polk County inmate located, arrested after stealing county truck, fleeing from jobsite Largo proposes moratorium proposed on marijuana dispensaries Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup After Trump meeting, Scott says 'I'm staying in Florida' Top News Trump taps Sen. Sessions for attorney general, Rep. Pompeo for head of CIA Trump's pick for national security adviser brings experience and controversy Obama gathers key Europe leaders amid questions about Trump (w/video) Treasure Island voters speak loudly on redevelopment measures The Clinton team blames Comey for election loss; Trump team is doing him no favors. Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Lightning Strikes Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning tops Sabres Assessing Lightning's prospects with Stamkos out about 4 months Role reversals for Clearwater's Jarius Williams and Adarius Lemons Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Deal set to dismiss domestic assault case against Johnny Manziel Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Florida Lighted drones dazzle the night sky over Disney in new holiday show (w/video) Top News Five ideas for pears: chips, crostini, soup and more From the food editor: Four not-so-traditional dessert ideas for Thanksgiving dinner Nine stuffing recipes for apples, squash and your Thanksgiving turkey 5 things to do under $5: Sand sculptors on Treasure Island, free ferry rides, CraftArt Festival Iberian Rooster brings Portuguese street food to downtown St. Petersburg starting Friday Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Bill Law's strong record at SPC Henderson: Sitting out on any race shouldn't be an election option Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Welcome to McDonald's! May I take your order ... and bring it to your table? Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Arrest made in St. Petersburg Walmart attack Times staff Tampa Bay Times Thursday, September 8, 2016 7:09pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Harold Stewart, 37, is facing a charge of armed robbery after police say he beat a man with his own walker outside a St. Petersburg Walmart Sept. 2 and stole $600 from him. [St. Peterburg Police Department] St. Petersburg detectives arrested a man in Tampa on Thursday suspected of robbing and beating another man with his own walker at a St. Petersburg Walmart last week. Related News/Archive Police: St. Petersburg mother arrested for child abuse 4 Months Ago Arrest made in shooting death of grandmother 2 Months Ago Driver, 16, arrested in fiery crash that kills St. Petersburg man 7 Months Ago Detectives arrested Harold Stewart, 37, on a charge of armed robbery of 66-year-old Jeffrey Hardeman. The attack occurred on Sept. 2 in the afternoon when police said Hardeman was approached by Stewart in the parking lot of the Walmart at 201 34th St. N. Stewart asked Hardeman for the time before putting him in a choke hold and beating him, at times with his own walker, police said. Stewart then stole Hardeman's wallet, robbing him of $600, before fleeing in a Dodge Durango, police said. Detectives were able to identify Stewart through tips from the public. They also located the Durango, which was captured on Walmart surveillance video, said police spokeswoman Yolanda Fernandez. The arrest came during a presentation Thursday afternoon in which Hardeman was presented with $1,400 in donations and a new walker from four individuals, Fernandez said. Fernandez said Hardeman was taken to the Tampa Police Department for questioning and would be transported to the Pinellas County jail. Stewart served three years in prison for robbery with a deadly weapon, according to Florida Department of Corrections records. He was released in 2007 and is currently on probation. Arrest made in St. Petersburg Walmart attack 09/08/16 [Last modified: Thursday, September 8, 2016 9:01pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Walmart removes 9/11 Coca-Cola display in shape of Twin Towers after outcry It did not appear to occur to management that the display might be in poor taste until it was pointed out by a Twitter user who happened to be shopping there Tim Walker US Correspondent @timwalker Thursday 8 September 2016 22:46 BST Click to follow The Independent US The crass display appeared - briefly - at a branch of Walmart in Panama City, Florida (Shawn Richard/Twitter) A Florida branch of Walmart has dismantled an elaborate display of Coca-Cola products stacked to resemble the World Trade Centre’s Twin Towers, following an online outcry. Read more Man called Vladimir Putin arrested in Florida supermarket for trespass The display, designed to commemorate the coming 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks this weekend, was topped off with a banner of the New York City skyline, which carried the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos and was captioned: “We Will Never Forget”. Beneath the banner was a sign advertising a sale price on multipacks of Coke, Coke Zero and Diet Coke. It did not appear to occur to the store’s management that the display might be in poor taste until it was pointed out by a Twitter user, Shawn Richard, who happened to be shopping at the Panama City Walmart on Tuesday. “We stopped and stared at it like, ‘Oh my god,’” Mr Richard told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled.” This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx — Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 Mr Richard snapped a photo of the crass, Coke-based construction and posted it on social media, where it was shared by several thousand amazed and outraged Twitter users. Walmart took down the display the following day. In a statement, the firm said “there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,” insisting: “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard.” Coca-Cola also apologised and said the display had been intended to honour local firefighters. More about: Florida World Trade Center 9/11 Walmart Coca-cola Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds E-Edition log in Some Walmarts found selling expired products, including baby food Thursday Sep 8, 2016 at 6:17 PM Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters have found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties. In addition to the Walmart store where Wyman shopped, By Justine Griffin and Alli Knothe Tampa Bay Times First came the irritation when Deneen Wyman discovered she had bought expired baby formula at an area Walmart store on Sunday. Then came the added insult when she sought a refund and was sold yet another baby formula that had been outdated since May. It wasn't an isolated incident. Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters have found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties. In addition to the Walmart store where Wyman shopped, The Times found three more Walmart locations in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties had expired goods on the shelves on Tuesday, from three-week-old expired sour cream to Gerber brand butternut squash and potato baby food that expired in February. Reporters also found expired prenatal and children's vitamins, children's allergy and fever medication and baby formula. Walmart took notice of the issue Tuesday, both at the corporate level and at the St. Petersburg location cited by Wyman, where workers were busy rechecking expiration dates Tuesday morning. "We want all of our customers to have the best experience possible while shopping with us, and we take out-of-date merchandise seriously. We are currently working to address the situation," said Charles Crowson, senior manager with Walmart's corporate communications. Officials with Walmart's local management had reached out to at least one local customer, Terri Lipsey Scott, who had complained about the products on Facebook on Tuesday. "I returned to the store to see if anything had changed and was approached by the store manager," Scott said. "He promised me that they were making an effort to clear the inventory of old merchandise and were bringing in staff from other stores to do so." Wyman bought Enfamil Reguline formula from the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 1794 22nd St. S. for her son during what she hoped would be a quick trip over the long weekend. Wyman had moved to a midtown neighborhood in St. Petersburg a month ago, but didn't shop regularly at that Walmart. She didn't notice until she got home that the formula she bought for her infant son was expired. It had expired on Sept. 1, just a few days prior. "So I went back to the store and spoke to customer service. They gave me a refund and apologized, so I changed out the milk," she said. When she got home a second time, she noticed that the second one she had purchased was also expired. This time the expiration date was May 1. "I usually shop at Publix downtown but they don't sell this brand," Wyman said. "But I know I would have never had this problem at any Publix location. What really bothers me is that it's happening in a community that's already poverty stricken and this community depends on this store." Scott posted about her experience on Facebook Monday with photos showing expired nicotine lozenges, expired fiber supplement and expired baby food. The post went viral with more than 80 comments as of midday Tuesday and had been shared more than 200 times. A half dozen employees were seen replacing goods, from packaged cheese to vitamins, in the Walmart Neighborhood Market in midtown on Tuesday morning. Workers were checking dates on items offered for sale and were removing some and replacing them with fresher products. A similar scene was happening at the Walmart Supercenter on 34th Street S in St. Petersburg Tuesday morning. Workers were checking items in the dairy and baby food sections and replacing them with new items. A Times reporter found expired sour cream from Aug. 15 on the shelf along with Enfamil baby formula that expired on July 1. In Tampa, a Times reporter found expired prenatal vitamins, children's allergy medication and expired baby food from February at the Walmart Supercenter on 4302 W Gandy Blvd. and at a Walmart Neighborhood Market on 1601 W Kennedy Blvd. Most of the expired goods came from the Walmart Neighborhood Market, which, like the one in midtown St. Petersburg, serves poorer communities. Employees were stocking shelves, but it didn't appear that anyone was checking specifically for expired items as they were in Pinellas County. The average grocery store has more than 40,000 products on the shelves, said David Vikes, spokesman for the Food Marketing Institute, a food safety organization. Vikes declined to comment specifically about Walmart, but said: "It's hard to keep up with the rotation for each individual item." Wyman said she worried that shoppers could be caught unaware. "Some families don't know how to read these expiration dates or know where to look for them," she said. "It really bothered me to see that there were still expired products there for sale." "This is another example of buyer beware," said Nan Jensen, a registered dietitian with Pinellas County Cooperative Extension. "I expect Walmart will take a long hard look at their stocking practices." It is unlikely that the baby food that expired in February would make a child sick, she said, though it could lead to a vitamin deficiency. She noted that the real risk lies in the lost nutritional value that is guaranteed by the manufacturer up until the expiration date. "I would be most concerned with the formula," Jensen said. "You could end up feeding your baby little more than liquid without the extra vitamins and minerals. We should expect a whole lot more." This isn't the first time Walmart or another grocer has sold expired food and perishable goods on its shelves. In 2008, the state of New Jersey filed a lawsuit against Walmart, Target and a local grocery store chain over selling expired infant formula. Target settled the case for $375,000. Walmart settled two years later for $775,000. In the late 1990s, shoppers in Florida and Alabama sued Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. for relabeling expired food. — Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or @SunBizGriffin and Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com or @Knothea. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage Print Account Manage Digital Account About Us Contact Us Work for Us FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise with Us Place an Ad Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Text Alerts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Business Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Ledger ~ 300 W. Lime St., Lakeland, FL 33802 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime Education Nation & World State Politics Election 2016 Sports Preps College Recreation Outdoors Columnists Auto Racing Polk Preps TiMEOUT Dining Movies Arts in Polk Music Nightlife TV Guide Movie Listings TV Listings Calendar Events Lifestyle Faith Pets Your Health Home & Garden Columnists Crossword Sudoku Comics Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Other Voices Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Mugshots Local Blogs Guide to Polk Polk Life Polk Moms NIE Special Sections Medical Guide Print Ads Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Newsletters Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Walmart in Panama City removes Coke display in the shape of doomed World Trade Center By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on September 08, 2016 at 5:12 PM Print Email A Walmart in Panama City has removed a Coke box display that depicted the Twin Towers. (Contributed photo/Twitter) A Walmart in Panama City has removed a display that used Coke boxes to depict the doomed World Trade Center's Twin Towers. The display was apparently meant as a memorial to the terrorist attacks of 9/11 that destroyed the New York City landmarks and killed nearly 3,000 people. The display included red, white and blue boxes to make the American flag and then two columns made of black boxes to represent the World Trade Center. Above the display was a Coca Cola banner that said "We will never forget" with a Walmart roll back sign and price - $3.33 – underneath. A Walmart shopper snapped a photo of the display and the image quickly spread on social media. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The tweet has been retweeted more than 2,900 times and favorited 4,400 times. A Walmart spokesperson told the Orlando Weekly the retailer had approved the display after it was suggested by Coca Cola as a way to honor local firefighters. The display has since been removed and both Walmart and Coca Cola apologized for the promotion. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition At Least 21 Transgender Americans Have Been Killed in 2016, Say Advocacy Groups What History Says About Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 5 Ways the New Pokémon Games Are Totally Different Queen Elizabeth’s Home Is Getting a $457 Million Refurb George Takei: We Must Not Let Muslims Be Treated Like Japanese Americans in WWII Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ Dress Sells for Record $4.8 Million Trump Picks Trio of Loyal Backers in Administration Hiring Spree Obama Meets with European Leaders in Berlin to Talk U.S. Relations Malaysia Braces for More Anti-Government Protests While Trump Talks About Building a Wall, China Builds Bridges to Latin America TIME U.S. Florida A Florida Walmart Tried to Use 9/11 to Sell Coca-Cola. The Move Backfired Justin Worland @justinworland Sept. 8, 2016 SHARE Social media users mocked the store's use of soda products to represent the twin towers An effort by a Florida Walmart to use the upcoming 15th anniversary of 9/11 to market Coca-Cola products backfired as social media users mocked the store’s use of soda products to represent the twin towers. “Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable,” wrote Eric Kabakoff on Twitter, one of many commenters. “I will not be shopping in your stores again.” “A new low in low,” wrote Cheryl Claussen. A Walmart spokesperson told the Orlando Weekly that Coca-Cola had approached the retailer with the idea. Walmart officials decided to take down the display after the social media backlash. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The effort is not the first time a brand has used 9/11 as a marketing ploy. In one particularly egregious example reported by the Washington Post, an Alabama clothing company posted on Twitter asking users to share the image 2,296 times—once for every life lost. The tweet was later deleted. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Wal-Mart removes Coke can display stacked like Twin Towers ahead of 9/11 Toby Meyjes for Metro.co.ukThursday 8 Sep 2016 9:26 pm The Wal-Mart Coke can display was removed after criticism (Picture: Twitter/Shawn Richard) Wal-Mart has removed a Coke can display meant to look like the World Trade Centre after heavy criticism shortly before the 9/11 anniversary.  Family slam sentence given to drug driver who killed couple in crash The display was slammed after it was posted by a customer who had visited a store in Florida on Tuesday. The picture showed the World Trade Centre towers built with Coke Zero packages before a backdrop of the American flag made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Shawn Richard, who posted the tweet, told BuzzFeed: ‘We stopped and stared at it like, oh my God. ‘Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.’ His view was shared by many people on Twitter. I'm speechless https://t.co/oLOOOE0y4v — mad (@madoat_) September 7, 2016 what is this headassery https://t.co/HZnDDgQFyW — charlie (@marlboro54s) September 7, 2016 Wal-Mart said the display was removed on Wednesday. It said: ‘We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended.’ The Coca-Cola Company, which is said to usually come up with the display ideas, has replaced the display and apologised. ‘This display was meant to honour local firefighters and to support their organisation’s upcoming event. ‘We sincerely apologise that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display.’ MORE: Female anchor criticised for the way she dressed during serious news item MORE: Goldie threatens to melt down his MBE as protest over Fabric closure MORE: Megan Giglia wins first gold medal for Great Britain at the Paralympics MoreUSAWorld Trade CenterWorld Trade Centre Man melts in acid while bathing in hot spring Boy, 9, shows lightning reactions to catch falling baby brother Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Americans are renouncing their citizenship at second fastest rate in history Wife killed husband in road rage attack after being taunted with sex tape by his mistress Police officer filmed punching woman in face during arrest MORE: Man ‘robs bank to get away from his wife’ MORE: Man who beat wife’s would-be rapist to death has charges dropped MORE: Yoga teacher who ‘let boys lick her nipples at bar mitzvah’ says she was drugged Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Calls for DNA test after woman finds concerning 'meat' in her soup Woman, 27, who had sex with dog must await sentencing behind bars Teacher who got pregnant after sex with pupil, 13, faces 30 years in jail Scottish and Welsh governments allowed to intervene in Brexit process, rules Supreme Court Teenage cancer patient, 14, becomes first Brit to be cryogenically frozenMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: World › USA Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now eCommerce Zesty, facing stiff competition, replaces its CEO and restructures Voice recognition technology is expediting the race to frictionless retail AI-powered virtual assistant, Mezi, pivots to focus on travel Browse more... Amazon Once offering to fire Trump into space, Jeff Bezos sends his congratulations to the president-elect Google launches its Cloud Platform region in Tokyo Jeff Bezos, Mayo Clinic back anti-aging startup Unity Biotechnology for $116 million Browse more... Walmart LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut Walmart launches a free streaming service, Vudu Movies on Us WalmartLabs open sources the application platform that powers Walmart.com Browse more... Crunch Network To compete with Amazon, Walmart should cut itself in half Posted Sep 8, 2016 by Tien Tzuo (@tientzuo) 0 SHARES Next Story SpotHero is ready for the future of autonomous parking Tien Tzuo Crunch Network Contributor Tien Tzuo is the CEO of Zuora. More posts by this contributor: Large CPGs are under attack by startups… and consumers are winning How Prince and Bowie started streaming music services How to join the network Walmart’s latest earnings report wasn’t pretty. Overall revenue growth came in at a tepid 0.7 percent for the first half of the fiscal year. Its e-commerce sales grew 11.8 percent, but the total e-commerce market is tearing ahead at 15 percent quarterly growth, which means they’re actively losing that market. Oh, and it bought Jet.com, a massively unprofitable e-commerce vendor, for $3.3 billion to make up for it. So how did the market react? Walmart’s stock spiked 3 percent. I guess in today’s retail market, you win by not losing. It’s hard to imagine a world without Walmart. Ninety percent of all Americans live within 20 minutes of a Wal-Mart store. They have over 1.5 million employees at 5000 stores, and serve over 140 million shoppers a week. But the too-little-too-late move by Walmart to acquire Jet.com is yet another signal that we are witnessing the downward spiral of a $230 billion company. A world without Walmart is now not only possible, but likely, unless it makes some big moves soon. So here’s an idea: Turn half of those superstores into integrated online fulfillment centers, with local pickup and delivery services, but no more customers walking through the front door. That’s the only way Walmart is going to find out who its customers really are. I get it. Brick-and-mortar infrastructure is vastly different from e-commerce infrastructure. You don’t just flip a few switches and turn a giant retail store into a provisioning warehouse (though you could argue that most big box stores are just huge, confusing warehouses anyway). But Walmart needs to triage its general merchandise business now, before it winds up dying on the vine with the rest of the retail market. And the best way to know your customer is over the internet. Retail needs to flip the script — the online experience has to come first. Right now e-commerce might represent only 10 percent of total retail sales, but in 10 years, is anyone going to be driving five miles to a supercenter to buy toothpaste and shampoo? Walmart needs to make some systemic changes soon in order to challenge Amazon’s real killer IP — customer insight. Walmart has been selling online for the last 15 years. But Walmart doesn’t know anything about you when you walk into one of its superstores. It’s got some pick-up delivery options and some loyalty payment gateways, but e-commerce is still just 3 percent of its business. Today over half of American households subscribe to Amazon Prime. Now, what does Amazon know about its customers? Everything. It knows the entirety of their browsing activity and their purchase history (the first book you ever ordered on Amazon is sitting right there in your order history – go look it up). Also note that Amazon currently has two-hour delivery in two dozen metropolitan areas, and same-day delivery in many more. Today’s novelty services will become tomorrow’s table stakes. Amazon doesn’t deal in customer segments; it deals in customers. Related Articles What this month's Jet.com sale means for the future of retail Confirmed: Walmart buys Jet.com for $3B in cash to fight Amazon The impending online shopping split: buy boutique or buy Amazon All that helps explain why it recently became the world’s fourth-largest public company, joining Apple, Alphabet and Microsoft, and kicking Exxon Mobil down the list. It’s not a coincidence that those first four companies are hugely successful at wrapping ongoing services around unique subscriber IDs, while the fifth one sells you gas. Walmart is trying to buy itself into that subscriber ID club with Jet.com, but it’s too little, too late. Today’s consumers are looking for more than coupons, free samples, and blue light specials. They expect businesses to know them, understand their needs, and build customized offerings and services around this knowledge so they can have the products they want, when they want them, and how they want them. They want products to just happen. Walmart needs to start orienting itself around a future in which e-commerce will become the dominant retail channel. It needs to start learning who its customers are. It needs to put those greeters in delivery vans. Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Amazon Founded 1994 Overview Amazon is an e-commerce retailer formed originally to provide consumers with products in two segments. It offers users with merchandise and content purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers. Operating in North American and International markets, Amazon provides its services through websites such as amazon.com and amazon.ca. It also enables authors, musicians, filmmakers, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, Internet, Delivery, Retail, Software Founders Jeff Bezos Website http://amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Amazon Web Services Founded 2006 Overview Amazon Web Services provides information technology infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services. Its products and solutions include cloud computing, compute, networking, storage and content delivery, databases, analytics, application services, deployment and management, mobile services, applications, AWS marketplace software, startups, enterprises, partners, government and education, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Web Development, Software, Information Technology, Information Services Website http://aws.amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Web Services Walmart Founded 1962 Overview Walmart is a multinational retail corporation that operates several chains of discount department and warehouse stores. The company’s segments include Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands as well as walmart.com. It also offers digital services such as Vudu and InstaWatch. … Location Bentonville, AR Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail Website http://www.walmart.com Full profile for Walmart Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Walmart Amazon eCommerce Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 21 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 21 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch This weekend, Alexa will tell you what’s on sale 11 minutes ago | Brian Heater Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 2 hours ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 3 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 3 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Comment moderation powered by Up Next SpotHero is ready for the future of autonomous parking Posted Sep 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation yesterday by Frederic Lardinois Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 21 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago by Matthew Lynley French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 8 hours ago by Jon Russell How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 19 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 4 hours ago by Jon Russell The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet yesterday by Devin Coldewey Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 4 hours ago by Natasha Lomas

null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video More Weather Home News Sports Business Travel Life Taste Opinion Archives Insider USA TODAY Photo-Video Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 39 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' Walmart is expanding its Cape presence with its latest neighborhood market. Post to Facebook New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' Walmart is expanding its Cape presence with its latest neighborhood market.  Check out this story on news-press.com: http://newspr.es/2canRId {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. New Cape Walmart gets local 'like' PATRICIA BORNS , pborns@news-press.com 6:59 p.m. EDT September 8, 2016 Store manager Tanya Parrish shows the wider produce tables featured at new Walmart neighborhood markets, one of which opened August 31 at 2020 NE Pine Island Road in Cape Coral. (Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) You know your neighborhood has arrived – as a potential profit center – when Walmart moves in. The doors of Cape Coral's newest Walmart store opened to residents a week ago at 2020 NE Pine Island Road, and Marjorie Graham has already been there three times. “I shop at Walmart every day. I have seven kids,” Graham said with a what-can-you-do shrug. The northwest Cape mom is a classic target customer, filling in her groceries between major expeditions to Publix – one of whose stores is located across the street. “Absolutely,” said Tanya Parrish, the store's manager, as far as going head to head with Publix. “They have sales on certain items, but we compete on everyday low price.” Lorrie Mortarulo, who shops at both, finds their food prices about the same. “But it doesn’t matter, because this is hands down more convenient,” Mortarulo said. “It’s appreciated. It’s a good addition to the Cape.” Assistant manager Patricia Hillard inspects produce that's been stocked by the new employees she's trained for Cape Coral's newest Walmart neighborhood market store, which opened August 31 at 2020 NE Pine Island Road.  (Photo: Patricia Borns/The News-Press) Walmart locates its smaller neighborhood markets between its supercenters to help grow the brand in metro areas. Food brings the customers in, and wraparound retail products and financial services create a one-stop convenience, drawing trade from other businesses. The company recently updated its neighborhood market format, and this is the Cape’s first to carry those features. A pizza program in the deli section lets customers  order whatever type of pizza they like for $8.98. Next to the pizzas, ready-made pork tenderloin and smoked ribs are meant to appeal to local Cape taste buds, and bakery display cases feature single-serve pastries for convenience shoppers and smaller households. THE NEWS-PRESS Lenny's brings its cheesesteaks to Cape Coral Outside, shoppers can gas up at the Cape’s first Walmart-owned gas station since the company announced in February it would take over the gas station business from Murphy USA for all future stores. Since moving into the vacant building on Aug. 1, store management has hired 85 full-and part-time associates and plans to maintain the staffing at that level. “All the Walmarts in this area do extremely well,” said Parrish, a Cape resident who’s managed other area Walmarts before this one. “The opening far exceeded our expectations, and going into the Labor Day holiday was spectacular.” THE NEWS-PRESS Hot Dish: Peru in a crepe at Kreips & Juices, Cape Coral 39 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://newspr.es/2canRId TOP VIDEOS Deputy-involved shooting in south Fort Myers 1:19 Inside SWFL Football: Week 13 6:55 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Hogs And Air Dogs Fly Again 1:09 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 News-Press Election Update: 7pm Florida Polls Close 16:10 News-Press Election Update: 8pm Mailbag Reader Debate 16:42 News-Press Election Update: 9pm Poll Update 14:39 Boca Grande: The Harbor Pilot 2:04 Save Our Water: moderated panel 17:52 Inside SWFL Football: Week 11 6:31 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Dress for Success SWFL focused on inspiring women 1:35 'I will not give up.' Dress for Success SWFL leader focused on helping women 1:11 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 Baby uses hearing aids for the first time 0:25 Girl Scout cookie cereal is a real thing and happening soon 1:10 Experience the Florida International Air Show 1:40 Football team pulls off epic proposal for teammate 0:59 Are your kids consuming too much media? 1:07 'We're getting justice.' Family rejoices in charging of murder suspect 1:16 Stowaway snake emerges from car hood in rush hour 0:33 Iraqi forces push to take back Mosul 0:52 Gun accidents kill kids every other day 3:06 Legit reasons to indulge your sweet tooth 0:57 Survey: 70% of parents worry world is unkind to their kids 0:37 Americans fear these 10 things the most 0:43 More Stories 29-year-old killed in I-75 crash Nov. 17, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Food bank needs 3,000 turkeys Nov. 17, 2016, 4:21 p.m. Annual boat show launches in Fort Myers for 4-day run Nov. 17, 2016, 4:16 p.m. Annual boat show launches in Fort Myers for 4-day run Nov. 17, 2016, 4:16 p.m.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 7 Sam Walton Quotes You Should Read Right Now Sam Walton made one of the world's largest fortunes for himself and his investors by adhering to principles of leadership, quality, and excellence. Here are just a few of his most colorful quotes on a wide range of subjects. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 8, 2016 at 1:01PM Sam Walton. Image source: Wal-Mart. Even as it copes with the shifting retail landscape, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) remains the most dominant force in global retail today, 54 years after its founding. As is the case with other renowned American companies, Wal-Mart is in many ways a reflection of its visionary founder -- Sam Walton. Equally known for his business acumen as for his extreme wealth, Walton's high-profile public life produced a fountain of interviews, with quotes distilling many of his most important insights across a wide range of issues. Here are a handful of Sam Walton's top quotes on business and life. Sam Walton on business One of the most common themes that pervade the thinking of many of the world's top entrepreneurs is customer obsession, and the same holds true of Sam Walton. Like Jeff Bezos at Amazon and Steve Jobs at Apple, Walton believed businesses exist to serve customers: There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. As another interesting unifying theme, many of today's greatest business visionaries didn't invent the concepts behind their companies. Personal computers and smartphones existed before Steve Jobs and Apple introduced both to the mainstream. The internet and e-commerce preceded Jeff Bezos and Amazon. Similarly, Sam Walton understood that success in business doesn't involve inventing something entirely new, a useful lesson to businesspeople and investors everywhere: Most of us don't invent ideas. We take the best ideas from someone else. Sam Walton on leadership Legendarily gregarious, Walton never viewed leadership as an abstract or academic exercise; the man led by action. He believed that many of the best insights into improving Wal-Mart's operations came from those working on its front lines: the front- and back-office employees running its stores. He constantly visited Wal-Mart stores, and the attitude and tone he set while out in the field shone through in his public statements: The key to success is to get out into the store and listen to what the associates have to say. However, this positive reinforcement also carried with it a business agenda. Walton understood that meeting and listening to his employees benefited the company beyond just identifying areas for improvement. Demonstrating that the company's CEO genuinely cared about even its most junior people could also serve as a motivating force for Wal-Mart's employees: If you want the people in the stores to take care of the customers, you have to make sure you're taking care of the people in the stores. That's the most important single ingredient of Wal-Mart's success. Motivated and happy employees serve their customers better. If done well, Walton believed this leadership style could create a positive feedback loop, giving a boost to the company's overall performance: Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish. Sam Walton on life As is so often the case with renowned business leaders, their insight extends far beyond the boardroom. Though obvious in retrospect, Walton's choice of retail as a career didn't necessarily appear, in its early days, to be a pathway to great wealth and fame. In fact, the man embraced a contrarian worldview in many regards: Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom. As should be clear now, Walton's line of reasoning rests upon a more universal prescription for happiness, rather than monetary success. As Steve Jobs famously said in his Stanford commencement address, great results stem from heroic efforts -- something most people can achieve only if they like what they do. Here's Walton's way of phrasing this enduring bit of wisdom: If you love your work, you'll be out there every day trying to do it the best you possibly can, and pretty soon everybody around will catch the passion from you -- like a fever. Though his star has since been eclipsed by more recent business magnates like Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, and others, Sam Walton's place as a legendary businessman and leader also deserves study. Customer service, attention to your own employees, and taking the road less traveled -- these insights aren't unique to Walton. However, given their timeless nature, anyone interested in improving as a businessperson or investor can hardly hear them enough. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 1:01PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Read More Wal-Mart Takes Aim at Amazon With Its $3 Billion Jet.com Acquisition Can Wal-Mart Bounce Back in E-Commerce? 5 Popular Stocks To Buy Right Now Apple Pay vs. CurrentC: 3 Retail Giants Are Biting the Hand That Feeds Them And Then There Were 2: Why Wal-Mart's Decision to Challenge Amazon Prime Is Pure Genius Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Hanley Investment Group Completes Sale of Multi-Tenant Retail Pad to New Walmart Supercenter Record cap rate and highest PSF   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Hanley Investment Group * Eric Wohl Ontario * Inland Empire Retail By Industry: * Real EstateCORONA DEL MAR, Calif. - Sept. 8, 2016 - PRLog -- Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors, a nationally-recognized real estate brokerage and advisory firm specializing in retail property sales, announced today that Executive Vice President Eric Wohl negotiated the sale of a 6,786-square-foot multi-tenant retail pad to a new Walmart Supercenter in Ontario, Calif. The sale price of $5,968,800, representing a cap rate of 5.02% and $880 per square foot, achieves a record low cap rate and the highest price per square foot for a multi-tenant pad building shadow anchored by Walmart in California, according to CoStar. Wohl represented the seller, Pacific Development Group based in Newport Beach, Calif. Joong-In (James) Kwon with Coldwell Banker Best Realty in Fullerton, Calif. represented the buyer, a private investor based in Irvine, Calif. Pacific Development Group is known as one of the preeminent shopping centers developers in California and has been responsible for the development of over 300 shopping centers ranging from small strips centers to large one million-square-foot community shopping centers. According to Bob Lewis, the partner at Pacific Development Group who handled the sale for the firm, "Hanley Investment Group did an excellent job on the sale, and I was surprised how quickly they got the asset to market and the number of quality offers that they generated in such a short time frame." According to Wohl, "Utilizing our extensive database, we were able to generate multiple offers within the first week of marketing and selected a qualified 1031 exchange buyer who closed escrow at 98% of the list price with a 50% loan without requiring a financing contingency." Located at 1337 N. Mountain Avenue on 1.05 acres, the building was 100% occupied by national and regional tenants including T-Mobile, Yogurtland, Waba Grill, and Wells Fargo at the time of the sale. The property underwent a full interior and exterior remodel completed in April 2016. "The property is the only other retail within the Walmart Supercenter, making the space highly sought after by high quality tenants," said Wohl. "The market for shadow-anchored multi-tenant retail in southern California is still very strong," said Wohl. "These types of investments are a great alternative for passive investors looking for a better yield than a single-tenant retail property where cap rates in southern California are dipping as low as 3.75% for prime assets leased to national credit tenants on long-term leases," Wohl noted. "The amount of daily customer traffic generated by Walmart, along with being situated at one of the most highly-travelled intersections in Ontario, were highly attractive selling points to the long-term stability of the location and the main reason the property was pursued by a large group of prospective buyers." The property, which is located on Mountain Avenue, the major retail corridor in Ontario, benefits from the 35,000 cars per day and the convenient Interstate 10 freeway on/off ramp, which is just 1.5 blocks north of the property with 247,000 cars per day. Another highlight of the property was the long-term leases. According to Wohl, there will be zero tenant rollover until 2021 with over 77% of the GLA leased through 2026. About Pacific Development Group Founded in 1980, Pacific Development Group and its partners currently own and manage over three million square feet of commercial buildings with approximately 600 tenants with a value in excess of one billion dollars. These properties are located throughout California and consist primarily of major tenant anchored shopping centers. The company is actively pursuing development opportunities. See www.pdgcenters.com About Hanley Investment Group Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors is a retail investment advisory firm with a $5 billion transaction track record nationwide, who works closely with individual investors, lending institutions, developers, and institutional property owners in every facet of the transaction to ensure that the highest value is achieved. For more information, visit www.hanleyinvestment.com Contact Eric Wohl | Hanley Investment Group ***@hanleyinvestment.com End Source : Hanley Investment Group Email : ***@hanleyinvestment.com Listed Under- Tags : Hanley Investment Group, Eric Wohl Ontario, Inland Empire Retail Industry : Real Estate Location : Corona Del Mar - California - United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Monaghan Communications PRs Meridian Receives 2016 HREI Insights Awards Nomination for Two Medical Office Building Projects Central Valley Builders Supply Doubles Down With Simpson Strong-Tie Boomers, The New Hipsters, Fueling Apartment Demand Meridian Sells Dialysis Clinic in Palmdale, Calif. for $6.97 Million, 5.0% Cap Rate Meridian Expands Construction Division with Addition of Christine Velasquez as Project Manager Trending News Winner of EngenuitySC's $5000 Ignite! Ideas Contest Announced StormSensor Kicks Off Sales Operations with Launch of StormSensor | Inspector Software Stewart Income Tax & Business Services Opened New Office in Savannah The New England Center for Children Receives $21,000 Grant from Joy in Childhood Foundation Oklahoma City Jeweler Expands IP Holdings to Include Traditional Family Tradename Top Daily News RaceAmerica Corporation partners with ALM Sales PTY Ltd - 424 views Coldwell Banker Hearthside, REALTORS® Appoints Douglas Krautheim As Sales Manager - 382 views New 3D Printing Support Cleaning Apparatus Features Large Capacity for Stratasys FDM Systems - 253 views WalkMe Inc. Ranked Number #13 Fastest Growing Company in North America - 222 views Compuware and CPT Global Partner to Enhance Mainframe Cost-Efficiencies - 214 views Top Weekly News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 1224 views 2016 Denver Christkindl Market Brings European Charm to Downtown Denver - 885 views Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwaukee Area - 796 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 732 views Wayman Aviation Opa Locka to Relocate After 30 years - 705 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 350 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 241 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 204 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 185 views Dave Bautista (WWE Superstar Batista), Finn Bálor Blast Into Wizard World Comic Con New Orleans - 146 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
null
Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION RUDY GIULIANI STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BILL DE BLASIO Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP TRANSITION RUDY GIULIANI STEPHEN BANNON HILLARY CLINTON BILL DE BLASIO New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email SEE IT: Walmart builds tasteless 9/11 tribute display out of packs of Coke  Walmart builds tasteless 9/11 tribute display with packs of Coke BY Brett Bodner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, September 8, 2016, 1:20 PM facebook Tweet email BY Brett Bodner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, September 8, 2016, 1:20 PM Tasteless and tone deaf. A Walmart in Panama City Beach, Florida hosted a sale display with cases of soda shaped like the World Trade Center with an American flag behind it to entice customers to buy the soft drink as the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks approaches this weekend. The display was ridiculed and quickly removed. Walmart reportedly took down the offensive Coke display the depicted the Twin Towers in a Florida store. (Tony Gutierrez/AP) Charles Crowson, a spokesman for Walmart, told Orlando Weekly that the display was taken down. He also added that Coke shares display ideas with Walmart and they’ll either give it a green light or stop it. Offensive Dragon Con festival costume depicts Twin Towers on 9/11 Somehow, no one deemed the display offensive. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 This is the second time this week that people brought shame upon themselves for not having any respect for those who lost their lives in the Sept. 11 attacks. A couple at the Dragon Con festival in Atlanta over the weekend dressed up in a 9/11 costume depicting the Twin Towers on fire with Barbie dolls hanging out the windows. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again.— Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 @erickabakoff @online_shawn @Walmart the vendor's are in charge of their displays— Jennifer (@jennifer6973) September 6, 2016 The ignorance and greedy behavior is sadly nothing new. House to vote on bill to help 9/11 families sue Saudi Arabia Back in 2014, a Birmingham-based tie company called Tied to the South posted a picture of the Twin Towers burning on Twitter and asked their followers to give them 2,296 retweets to honor those that died. That same year, Build-a-Bear tweeted out a photo of a camouflage-patterned bear wearing an Army uniform. They quickly deleted it after posting. Tags: september 11 terrorist attacks walmart Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet PC Richard and Son Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Media Kit Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Daily News Covers © Copyright 2016 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Win $10,000 Cash Pick Your Paradise Pro Football Pick’Ems $400 Cabela’s Gift Card Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules ‘Win Cash’ Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Bulbs, Screen Repair Computer & IT Solutions Dental Health Food & Supplements Heating & Air Home & Floor Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Medical Supplies and Repair Real Estate Weight Loss Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Breast Cancer Awareness Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win $10,000 Cash Play Football Pick’Ems Weather Report Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Florida Walmart Blasted for 911 Coke Display Inside Store By John McKay September 8, 2016 10:12 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Florida Walmart criticized for 911 Coke display (Getty Images) According to Walmart and Coke corporate officials, the ideas was created by the local store. An Orlando Walmart quickly pulled down a massive 911 memorial display made from 12pack fridge packs of Coke products after a customer snapped a picture and posted it on Twitter. According to attn.com, Shawn Richard was in the Orlando Walmart, when he came across this massive display, featuring and American flag, with the twin towers, as well as a Walmart-Coke banner reading “We will never forget.” As the picture went viral on Twitter, Walmart and Coke spokespersons said the idea was well-intended, but not a corporately generated plan. It was quickly taken down. Virtually all attempts to tie marketing to 911 have been met with firestorms of criticism. To see the image and the story about it, click here. Filed Under: 911 coke | display | walmart Category: Business | Events | History | National News | News | Newsletter Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 Can’t Afford a Turkey? Get a Free One in Richland! 2nd Harvest to Distribute Holiday Meals Saturday@TRAC No Carts Make Woman Burn Down Kent ‘Dollar Tree’ Uber Gets Green Flag To Operate in Kennewick Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air The Glenn Beck Program Wall| Posts| Email Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Top Stories Pasco PD Finds People Exchanging Heroin for Gift Cards Can’t Afford a Turkey? Get a Free One in... 2nd Harvest to Distribute Holiday Meals Saturday@TRAC No Carts Make Woman Burn Down Kent ‘Dollar... Uber Gets Green Flag To Operate in Kennewick Car Break-In Investigation Leads To Drug Bust $10 Certificate to Green Dot Sub Shop Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed By Associated Press Published: 14:49 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 14:49 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center has been removed from a Florida store, and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner above the display said, "We will never forget," with the Coca-Cola and Wal-Mart logos in a corner. Walmart said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display," it said. The company said the design for the display for the store in Panama City Beach, Florida, came from the supplier, and was approved by its store management. The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters and support an upcoming event for their organization. "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," the bottler said. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My marriage is over!' Katie Price 'reveals she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler during boozy night out'  Made shocking admission this week Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Wal-Mart is under fire for controversial 9/11 tribute Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Hayley Peterson Sep 8th 2016 10:40AM Walmart is under fire for using packages of soda cans as a tribute to 9-11 ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks against the US. A Florida Walmart arranged the packages to look like the twin towers, according to a photo tweeted by shopper Shawn Richard on Monday. "We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god," Richard told BuzzFeed News, which first reported on the display. "Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn't very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way." Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 A printed sign hung above the display advertising Walmart's rollback prices for the soft drinks. Another sign hanging above the display read "We will never forget" with a photo of the twin towers and the logos for Walmart and Coca-Cola. All of the sodas that were part of the display were Coca-Cola products. Walmart told Business Insider that the display was removed Wednesday afternoon. Coca-Cola did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The display was criticized on Twitter as insensitive and exploitive. Check out what people are saying on Twitter about the controversial display: 7 PHOTOS Social reactions to Wal-Mart's 9/11 tribute See Gallery Social reactions to Wal-Mart's 9/11 tribute @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. @online_shawn @JMoneyMC this is one of the lamest things I've ever seen @online_shawn @tovangar2 sick. And not in a good way. @online_shawn @geeoharee Oh man, they have GOT to be kidding. @online_shawn @Walmart This is ridiculous!! Take it down. @online_shawn Please tell me this is fake. Just tell me it's fake even if it's not so I can sleep well tonight "knowing" this isn't real. Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – NOW WATCH: Ralph Lauren joins Speedo and drops Ryan Lochte See Also: Inside Coke's 3-part master plan to save soda 5 mistakes you're making at the grocery store checkout 18 'healthy' beverages that surprisingly contain a ton of sugar SEE ALSO: Kmart is using a strange trick to hide its empty shelves Tags Coca-Cola Retail September 11 Twin Towers Walmart Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 8 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY The Best Company to Work for in Every State in America The Most Educated Cities in America 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Millennials, money, and the future AP: Trump has offered national security adviser job to Flynn Twitter CEO apologizes for white supremacy ad What a Trump presidency could mean for Amazon.com Donald Trump's name is everywhere -- but what does he actually own? Apple is exploring making iPhones in the US — 'the cost will more than double' Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' What percent of Wells Fargo customers are closing their accounts? Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,187.1210.180.47% DJIA18,903.8235.680.19% NASDAQ5,333.9739.390.74% DAX10,707.0521.510.20% HANG SENG22,344.2181.330.37% NIKKEI 22517,967.41104.780.59% USD (per EUR)1.060.000.02% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.11% JPY (per USD)110.09-0.16-0.14% GBP (per USD)1.240.00-0.39% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Trump will remake agency that ruled against Vegas hotelCNNMoney Will supermarket food prices jump under Trump?CNNMoney New tax cuts may not be as big as Trump toutedCNNMoney Trump 'came after me like a dog with a bone'CNNMoney Facebook, Google to halt ads on fake news sitesCNNMoney Yuan hits lows not seen since the financial crisisCNNMoney 15,000 mosques are going greenCNNMoney Adult FriendFinder probing claims of a second hackCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Nov 18 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 197,416 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 66,770 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 49,260 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel 46,489 Kubrick's daughter calls for boycott of Shelley Duvall interview 41,463 Facebook's ad metric problem is becoming Zuckerberg's headache 37,792 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Wal-Mart’s terrible 9/11 anniversary display By Lauren Tousignant View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 8, 2016 | 11:23am As another anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks approaches, some tone-deaf companies can’t resist using the memory to sell products. A Wal-Mart store in Panama City Beach, Florida, was called out on social media for a tacky display that included stacks of soft drinks built to resemble the Twin Towers with a message that read: “We Will Never Forget.” The soda was on sale for $3.33. “Florida c’mon man,” tweeted @online_Shawn, with an image of the marketing fail. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Other angry Twitter users responded in droves, retweeting the picture over 4,000 times. “This is one of the lamest things I’ve even seen,” @NitroRad tweeted. Andrew Baker, under the user @andbaker, tweeted: “I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn’t think how tacky it is.” And @caresaboutstuff replied with a photo of a restaurant’s sign that read, “In support and remembrance of 9/11 This location is only making pretzel sticks instead of Nuggets…” The user later clarified that the photo was from 2015, but she didn’t remember where. Wal-Mart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display was being taken down. Crowson added that while Wal-Mart approves displays, it’s the companies that present the ideas. And it’s certainly not the first time a brand has failed at “commemorating” the anniversary. In 2014, a Birmingham-based tie company tweeted a photograph of the burning Twin Towers, asking their followers to get them 2,296 retweets — in “memory” of the 2,296 people who lost their lives that day. The same year, a Florida juice company offered 15 percent off in “honor of patriots,” and a California coffee shop also offered 15 percent off for their “Vanilla Blasts.” In 2013, AT&T tweeted an image of a phone snapping a picture of the World Trade Center’s tribute lights. They quickly deleted and tweeted an apology. Build-A-Bear also came under fire when they tweeted — then deleted — a photo of a camouflage-patterned bear wearing an Army uniform. Honoring the anniversary is a fine line between paying tribute to the memory and taking advantage of it. The gift shop at the 9/11 Memorial was even criticized for commercializing the tragedy, when it opened in 2014. In 2011, Digiday published a list of companies that tweeted about the anniversary, asking readers if they considered it insensitive. The list included Chick-fil-A, Marc Jacobs, Huggies and the Dallas Cowboys. In these instances, the brands weren’t necessarily promoting their product, but still tweeted varying versions of “We honor the victims” and “Never forget.” “My advice would be to go dark,” Marian Salzman, chief executive at EURO RSCG Worldwide public relations, told the New York Times in 2011. “There’s no place for brands to live.” This is just as distasteful as these burning Twin Towers costumes: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under 9/11 memorial ,  advertising ,  brands ,  companies ,  marketing ,  september 11 Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next There is a $14B problem bobbing in the ocean Read Next There is a $14B problem bobbing in the ocean Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 3 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 4 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 5 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 6 Scenes from the liberal meltdown Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 197,732 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 66,910 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 49,384 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On ‘GoT’ star Lena Headey fighting to keep son in U.K. Blac Chyna drops 15 pounds a week after giving birth Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ gown sells for $4.8M SEE ALL Video :40 Cop caught on camera sucker-punching woman More Stories pagesix 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On Decider New Netflix Documentary Goes Deep On The Greatest X-Rated Movies Of All-Time nypost Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 34° Share The practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires yet again By Travis M. Andrews / The Washington Post Thursday, September 8th, 2016 at 7:46am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it’ll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the U.S. employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Fla. Advertisement Continue reading The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart’s logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words “We Will Never Forget,” and in the top right corner is “9-11-01.” Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. “Rollback,” the sign states. The display first came to the public’s attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,434 times and liked 4,071. Needless to say, anger rolled in. “This is one of the lamest things I’ve ever seen,” tweeted one user. Another called it “crass commercialization.” “Utterly tasteless,” tweeted a third. “Is that real?!” asked one user. “Dear God, tell me that isn’t real.” Etcetera, ad nauseam. Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Advertisement Continue reading Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Ala.-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user snapped a screenshot. That same year, the Timehop app’s Twitter account posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying “Memba dis?” Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Some companies quietly remove the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology, tweeting: “We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy.” Randall Stephenson, AT&T Chairman and CEO later told AdWeek, “Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honor those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day.” Advertisement Continue reading Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014 – the latter even offered a 40 percent discount. Other companies that have offered a 9/11 discount, according to AdAge, include Marks Wholesale Socks, Formula Fresh and Caffeine Supreme. In fact, the practice has become so common that after the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two footlong subs for $9.11 with the tagline “Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad, tweeting: “Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion.” Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the somber anniversary completely. “We’ve been saying to people, there’s probably no right way to do this,” J. Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. “If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful.” Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. “On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there’s a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity,” Salzman told the Times. “My advice would be to go dark. There’s no place for brands to live.” sept11-marketing Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: New Vending Machines Display Soda Calories – Oct 8, 2012 Coke to soften marketing if unrest hits World Cup – Apr 2, 2014 Coke's sales miss estimates as Diet Coke flags – Jul 22, 2014 Tiny Cokes: Less guilt means more money for makers – Jan 13, 2015 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon Faces Off Against Retail Industry Headwinds The company has to navigate through major challenges with competition coming from all sides. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Sep 8, 2016 at 8:18AM Young Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) CEO Doug McMillon has been the subject of much praise. As a true company man who has spent essentially his entire professional career with the retailer, he may be the most qualified person to lead Wal-Mart through its current challenges as intense competition and shifting consumer trends pressure sales. In this clip from Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Motley Fool analysts Vincent Shen and Sarah Priestley discuss the current retail environment and what it means for the country's leading big box store. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Aug. 30, 2016. Vincent Shen: Let's paint a little bit of a picture here. I think some people are familiar with the fact, once you reach the scale, similar to McDonald's, that Wal-Mart has reached, doing anything that really moves the needle for the company becomes really challenging. But, before McMillon took the helm and became, potentially, the most qualified CEO since Sam Walton, what was Wal-Mart facing? And then, we can get into the steps that he took. Sarah Priestley: I would say Wal-Mart essentially came to prominence by saturating markets. They were the most convenient option at the lowest price. But the problem is, now, they have competition from all sides. From the lower end, Dollar General and the dollar stores' increasing popularity. Costco and Target as the big-box retailers. Kroger, they've really upped their game in terms of organic and fresh. I think Wal-Mart missed the mark on that, initially. If you look, a decade ago, Wal-Mart was 15% to 18% cheaper on groceries than Kroger. The gap is now 4% to 7%. So that's getting a lot shorter. And, the other thing is, in terms of convenience, Walgreens and CVS are leveraging their geographic dominance and offering groceries there, so people have another alternative.  More than all of that, though, is online. If you look, Amazon, 2012 to 2015 doubled their sales. Wal-Mart grew their sales by 8.6% in the same period. It's the Amazon effect. There's definitely online sales, which is taking away from Wal-Mart revenue. Shen: Yeah, with that kind of growth ... unfortunately, consumer spending has not been growing at that rate. That is Amazon taking share, especially, from a lot of the traditional retailers, Wal-Mart being, in my opinion, the epitome of that. Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 8:18AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.32 up $0.13 (0.19%) Read More 2 Stocks that Turned $1,000 Into Millions Is Wal-Mart's Dividend in Doubt? These Men Are Leading the Turnarounds at McDonald's and Wal-Mart How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 14:46 GMT, Nov 18, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica ‘Just wrong’: Walmart & Coke remember 9/11 with controversial display (IMAGES) Published time: 8 Sep, 2016 10:49Edited time: 10 Sep, 2016 13:32 Get short URL Walmart employees claim the idea to profit off 9/11 came from Coca-Cola. © Brendan McDermid Coca-Cola and Walmart chose to remember the victims of 9/11 with a display of the Twin Towers in front of the US flag made entirely from cans. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Accompanied by a sign saying “We will never forget” along with logos for both Coca-Cola and Walmart, the display was created to mark the 15 year anniversary of the 2001 attack in which nearly 3,000 people died. Reaction to the image, taken at the Panama City Beach Walmart according to the Orlando Weekly, was mostly amazement at how Walmart thought the display was appropriate. “This is just wrong” one tweet said, while another more forgiving one said, “I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine, but the manager didn’t think how tacky it is.” @online_shawn Please tell me this is fake. Just tell me it's fake even if it's not so I can sleep well tonight "knowing" this isn't real.— Andrew Cannizzaro (@ajc340) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@firstwefeast@Walmart Not a good look, guys.— Bobby Shaftoe (@B_Shaftoe) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@catovitch I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn't think how tacky it is.— Andrew Baker (@andbaker) September 6, 2016 @online_shawn@RedSoxPres This is just wrong.— Jerry Swider (@bassetcats1) September 7, 2016 One user with an extremely dark sense of humor photoshopped an Abu Ghraib-inspired version of the original photo. @online_shawn I'm not sure their new display is much better. pic.twitter.com/z6Wj1vdgRA— Jeff DeCola (@JeffDeCola) September 8, 2016 Store employees told the Orlando Weekly that they were only acting on orders and that the 9/11 display had been all Coke’s idea. Walmart has marked US holidays with questionable displays before, including a battleship made entirely of Bud Light to commemorate the 4th of July and a soft-drink display in the shape of a bald-head eagle for Veteran’s Day. People of Walmart. 🇺🇸 #merica #walmart #budlight @luke_o A photo posted by Tayler (@tbridger) on Jun 21, 2016 at 8:33am PDT Veterans salute from coke cases. A photo posted by David Medlock (@davidxyzzy) on Jun 25, 2016 at 6:14pm PDT The display has now been dismantled. Walmart isn’t the first store to attempt to profit off 9/11’s anniversary. In 2014, a tie company attempted to attract a “2,296 retweets for the 2,296 people who lost their lives 13 years ago today,” accompanied by an image of 9/11. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3— Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 The tweet was quickly deleted, but the internet never forgets. The question remains whether anyone involved in this display will face criminal charges, since under Florida law, using the US flag for advertisement purposes is punishable with a fine of up to $500 and a jail term of up to 60 days. RT contacted the Panama City police department and are waiting to hear back on whether they will be arresting anyone in connection to this incident.  Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix The tacky practice of using 9/11 to market consumer goods backfires yet again The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Travis M. Andrews September 8 Follow @travismandrews As the 15th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, many Americans are preparing themselves for a day of reflection. For some, it will involve mourning. For others, it will be an opportunity to look forward. But for some folks who work in marketing, it’ll be another chance to do a little #branding. Each year, companies across the United States employ remarkably tone-deaf marketing strategies that somehow reference 9/11. This year is no different, as evidenced by a Coca-Cola display prominently erected in the middle of a Walmart in Panama City Beach, Fla. The display is composed of 12 packs of Coca-Cola original (red boxes), Diet Coke (silver boxes) and Sprite (blue boxes) arranged in the shape of a giant American flag. Before the flag stands two large rectangles composed of 12 packs of Coke Zero (black boxes), which are clearly meant to represent the twin towers. Hanging above the display is a banner bearing both Coca-Cola and Walmart’s logos. Over an image of the pre-9/11 New York City skyline are the words “We Will Never Forget,” and in the top right corner is “9-11-01.” Under the banner is a sign announcing that Coca-Cola 12 packs are on sale for $3.33. “Rollback,” the sign states. The display first came to the public’s attention through a tweet by a user named @online_shawn, which has been retweeted 2,434 times and liked 4,071. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Needless to say, anger rolled in faster than you can say “face-palm.” “This is one of the lamest things I’ve ever seen,” tweeted one user. Another called it “crass commercialization.” “Utterly tasteless,” tweeted a third. “Is that real?!” asked one user. “Dear God, tell me that isn’t real.” Etcetera, ad nauseam. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. — Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson told the Orlando Weekly that the display, which was conceived by Coke and approved by Walmart, was currently being taken down. Neither Walmart nor Coke is the first company to come under fire for invoking the national tragedy as a means to sell stuff. Each year, companies roll out deals and tweets associated with the attacks, and each year they face a tidal wave of backlash and outrage in response. One of the more galling examples came in 2014 when the Birmingham, Ala.-based clothing company Tied to the South requested 2,296 retweets, one for each person who had lost his/her life in the attack. The tweet showed one of the towers, just after the attack. The tweet, like all of the following examples, has been removed after public outcry but not before an intrepid Internet user saves an image. Birmingham-based tie company @TiedtotheSouth asks for a RT for everybody who died with a pic of Tower 1 gushing smoke pic.twitter.com/pSqoVPEXI3 — Sam Thielman* (@samthielman) September 11, 2014 That same year, the Timehop app’s Twitter account posted a tweet with two photos: one showing its dinosaur mascot looking at an animated New York City cityscape with two beams of light where the towers were, and another showing the dinosaur pointing at the first photo and saying “Memba dis?” Absolutely #breathtaking 9/11 tribute: cartoon dinosaur asking "memba dis?". Do u memba? Memba when the towers fell? pic.twitter.com/pFLSwncTa6 — Helena Bottom-Farter (@solikebasically) September 11, 2014 Finally, Build-a-Bear, the company that allows customers to create their own stuffed teddy bears, tweeted a now-retracted photo of a bear in fatigues, which one prominent user called tone-deaf. Hey @buildabear, do you guys have a workshop for building tone-deafness? pic.twitter.com/RY3xn662Le — Miles Kahn (@mileskahn) September 11, 2014 Some companies removed the tweet, while others like AT&T, which in 2013 posted a photograph of a telephone photographing the Tribute in Light searchlights, issue an apology. We apologize to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste. The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy. — AT&T (@ATT) September 11, 2013 Randall Stephenson, AT&T chairman and chief executive later told AdWeek, “Yesterday, we did a post on social media intended to honor those impacted by the events of 9/11. Unfortunately, the image used in the post fell woefully short of honoring the lives lost on that tragic day.” Many users have wondered why some brands feel the need to acknowledge it at all. It becomes even more head-scratching when companies that sell adult products participate. Both Fleshlight and Intimacy Box, companies that sell adult products, tweeted about the attacks in 2014, and the latter even offered a 40 percent discount. Other companies that have offered a 9/11 discount, according to AdAge, include Marks Wholesale Socks, Formula Fresh and Caffeine Supreme. In honor of patriots today, all juice is 15% off! Come see us at the juicery! #rememberourheroes… http://t.co/ZSNcFiA8FV — Formula Fresh (@formula_fresh) September 11, 2014 In remembrance of 9/11 we will be doing a patriotic special drink! 15%off Vanilla Blasts if you want it dyed red… http://t.co/VRUUBqvFOB — Caffeine Supreme (@CaffeineSupreme) September 11, 2014   In fact, the practice has become so common that after the Onion created a fake ad for Subway promising two foot-long subs for $9.11 with the tagline “Fly on in for Subtember 11″ and displaying a truly offensive photograph, one location accepted the coupon as if it were real. The corporation itself quickly took issue with the satirical ad. Like everyone, we are deeply offended by the fake story and ad created by The Onion. — SUBWAY® (@SUBWAY) September 6, 2013 Each of the incidents spark outrage. So much so that experts suggest companies avoid the somber anniversary completely. “We’ve been saying to people, there’s probably no right way to do this,” J. Walker Smith, executive chairman at the Futures Company consultancy, told the New York Times in 2011. “If I were a marketer, I would let the moment pass. Anything you do could be seen as self-serving or disrespectful.” Marian Salzman, an author and marketing expert, agreed. “On one level, you want to convey a sense of empathy and sympathy and patriotism. On another level, there’s a belief that every milestone in American history has been turned into a marketing opportunity,” Salzman told the NYT. “My advice would be to go dark. There’s no place for brands to live.” But if the Walmart/Coke display in Florida is any indication, some brands are still learning.   national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Travis M. Andrews is a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix. Previously he was an editor for Southern Living and a pop culture and tech contributor for Mashable. Follow @travismandrews Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Man who dissolved in boiling Yellowstone hot spring slipped while checking temperature to take bath 2 ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. 3 Japanese American internment is ‘precedent’ for national Muslim registry, prominent Trump backer says 4 Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 5 Two moose locked antlers in a fight, then froze together in a stream Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Tampa Bay Times: Subscribe Make Payment/Renew Missed Paper Vacation Stop E-Paper TBO: Advertise Contact Us AUTOS HOMES JOBS Friday, Nov 18, 2016 61° Home Local News US & World Sports Entertainment Radar Weather Special Sections Business News Walmart stores around Tampa Bay found selling expired products, including baby food Expired baby items purchased at two different Walmart Neighborhood Markets in Tampa on Tuesday. [SKIP O'ROURKE | Times] By Justine Griffin and Alli Knothe Times Staff Writers Published: September 6, 2016 Updated: September 6, 2016 at 04:28 PM More Information Expiration Date Explanations ♦ Best if used by: This is the suggested date from the manufacturer that guarantees the best flavor and quality of a food product. The product is safe for consumption after this point, however the taste may be compromised if consumed after this date. ♦ Use By: This is the date the manufacturer has recommended for use of the product. The food product is safe for consumption after this date yet the flavor or quality may not be as good as when it was initially produced. ♦ Sell By: This is the date that tells retailers when the manufacturer thinks the food product should be removed from the shelves. ♦ Infant Formula: Federal regulations require a “use by” label on infant formula under FDA inspection. If stored too long, the formula can separate and clog. The “use by” date is selected by the manufacturer or distributor of the product. Do not buy or use baby formula after its “use-by” date. Source: Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and the United States Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service When Deneen Wyman walked into a Walmart store on Sunday, she didn’t expect to buy expired baby formula not once, but twice. When she went to return the expired formula the first time, she was sold another expired one that had been outdated since May. It wasn’t an isolated incident. Wyman, a handful of other local shoppers and Tampa Bay Times reporters found dozens of expired merchandise on the shelves at Walmart stores in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties recently. The Times found more than three Walmart stores in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties had expired goods on the shelves on Tuesday, from three-week-old sour cream to Gerber brand butternut squash and potato baby food that expired in February. Reporters also found expired prenatal and children’s vitamins, children’s allergy and fever medication and baby formula. Walmart took notice of the issue Tuesday, both at the corporate level and at the St. Petersburg location cited by Wyman, where workers were busy rechecking expiration dates Tuesday morning. “We want all of our customers to have the best experience possible while shopping with us, and we take out-of-date merchandise seriously. We are currently working to address the situation,” said Charles Crowson, senior manager with Walmart’s corporate communications. Officials with Walmart’s corporate team had reached out to at least one local customer who had complained about the products on Facebook on Tuesday. Wyman bought Enfamil Reguline formula from the Walmart Neighborhood Market 1794 22nd St. S., for her son during what she hoped would be a quick trip over the long weekend. Wyman had moved to a midtown neighborhood in St. Petersburg a month ago, but didn’t shop regularly at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South around the corner. She didn’t notice until she got home that the formula she bought for her infant son was expired. It had expired on Sept. 1, just a few days prior. “So I went back to the store and spoke to customer service. They gave me a refund and apologized, so I changed out the milk,” she said. When she got home a second time, she noticed that the second one she’d purchased was also expired. This time the expiration date was May 1. “I usually shop at Publix downtown but they don’t sell this brand,” Wyman said. “But I know I would have never had this problem at any Publix location. What really bothers me is that it’s happening in a community that’s already poverty stricken and this community depends on this store.” A post on Facebook by another resident who shopped at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South in St. Petersburg, went viral Tuesday after it showed photos of expired nicotine lozenges, expired fiber supplement and expired baby food. The post had more than 80 comments as of midday Tuesday and had been shared more than 200 times. A half dozen employees were replacing goods, from packaged cheese to vitamins, in the Walmart Neighborhood Market in midtown on Tuesday morning. Workers were checking dates on items offered for sale and were removing some and replacing them with fresher products. A similar scene was happening at the Walmart Supercenter on 34th Street South in St. Petersburg Tuesday morning. Workers were checking items in the dairy and baby food sections and replacing them with new items. A Times reporter found expired sour cream from Aug. 15 on the shelf along with Enfamil baby formula that expired on July 1. In Tampa, a Times reporter found expired prenatal vitamins, children’s allergy medication and expired baby food from February at the Walmart Supercenter on 4302 W. Gandy Blvd., and at a Walmart Neighborhood Market on 1601 W. Kennedy Blvd. Most of the expired goods came from the Walmart Neighborhood Market, which similar to the one in midtown of St. Petersburg, serves poorer communities. Employees were stocking shelves, but it didn’t appear that anyone was checking specifically for expired items as they were in Pinellas County. The average grocery store has more than 40,000 products on the shelves, said David Vikes, spokesman for the Food Marketing Institute, a food safety organization. Vikes declined to comment specifically about Walmart, but said: “It’s hard to keep up with the rotation for each individual items.” Wyman said she worried that shoppers could be caught unaware. “Some families don’t know how to read these expiration dates or know where to look for them,” she said. “It really bothered me to see that there were still expired products there for sale.” “This is another example of buyer beware,” said Nan Jensen, a registered dietitian with Pinellas County Cooperative Extension. “I expect Walmart will take a long hard look at their stocking practices.” It is unlikely that the baby food that expired in February would make a child sick, she said, though it could lead to a vitamin deficiency. She noted that the real risk lies in the lost nutritional value that is guaranteed by the manufacturer up until the expiration date. “I would be most concerned with the formula,” Jensen said. “You could end up feeding your baby little more than liquid without the extra vitamins and minerals. We should expect a whole lot more.” This isn’t the first time Walmart or another grocer has sold expired food and perishable goods on its shelves. In 2008, the state of New Jersey filed a lawsuit against Walmart, Target and a local grocery store chain over selling expired infant formula. Target settled the case for $375,000. Walmart settled two years later for $775,000. In the late 1990s, shoppers in Florida and Alabama sued Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. for relabeling expired food. Contact Justine Griffin at jgriffin@tampabay.com or @SunBizGriffin and Alli Knothe at aknothe@tampabay.com or @Knothea. Weather Center Radar Images: Tampa Bay region Brandon Central Tampa South Tampa New Tampa Northwest Hillsborough South Shore North Pinellas South Pinellas Pasco Polk Manatee Sarasota Hernando/Citrus Heartland Tampa Bay area Weather Alerts: Full-sized radar Current conditions 10-day Forecast Hurricane Guide Local News Fennelly: It's impossible not to feel bad for Steven Stamkos Is one of Tampa Bay's premier condo towers sinking? Jameis Winston: How the Bucs quarterback is imitating Brett Favre Good year at USF could mean big bonus for president Judy Genshaft Hillsborough firefighter wanted in bar fight is suspected motorcycle gang member Email Email newsletters Contact Us Advertising info Place an ad online Letters Subscription Manage account Subscribe Vacation stop More Info Legal notices About us Privacy statement Terms & conditions About our ads About our company Jobs Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Affiliates Centro Tampa Highlands Today © 2016 Times Publishing Inc.
No Ads Friday | November 18, 2016 Trending Pope Francis favors Latin American cardinals, cuts European power 11/17/16 11:17 AM Obama sets new record for regulations, 527 pages in just one day 11/17/16 12:14 PM Bernie Sanders: Hillary to play 'important role, needs to be heard' 11/17/16 10:09 AM $42 billion in Obama regulations on Trump's chopping block 11/17/16 08:36 AM GOP still deciding what Obamacare 'repeal and replace' means 11/18/16 12:39 AM Trump's term limits would retire Paul Ryan and his leadership team 11/17/16 04:09 PM Poll: Most say Comey letter had no impact on their vote 11/17/16 08:10 AM No guarantee for senators up for top Cabinet posts 11/18/16 12:16 AM Pelosi wistful for Romney — does she regret casting him as a racist, sexist bigot? 11/17/16 04:06 PM The Trump Cabinet, adviser list: Kissinger, Sessions, Haley 11/16/16 09:03 PM Ten of the most embarrassing moments from Hillary Clinton's campaign 11/17/16 08:37 PM Why the Left and the Right should oppose government registries 11/18/16 12:01 AM Wyden: Clapper's intelligence community 'engaged in a deception spree' 11/17/16 01:51 PM Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns from Obama administration 11/17/16 09:55 AM School choice advocate Betsy DeVos to front for Education secretary 11/16/16 11:20 AM You'd better get used to hearing Clinton referred to as the 'people's president' 11/17/16 12:47 PM Liberal group says no Dems should accept education secretary appointment 11/17/16 02:48 PM Snowden files: Two surveillance programs operated out of AT&T building 11/17/16 01:03 PM GOP trolls Pelosi with endorsement 11/17/16 04:16 PM Presidential Pitchman: Obamacare 'less than your cellphone bill,' $75 11/16/16 10:36 AM Axelrod scolds critics of Trump's transition progress 11/17/16 01:21 PM Trump is right: Some countries refuse to accept their deported criminals 11/17/16 12:02 AM Why are some Republicans against 'draining the swamp'? 11/18/16 12:01 AM Obama admits his endorsement may not help foreign leaders 11/17/16 01:57 PM Trump to take 'victory tour' of states he won 11/17/16 03:55 PM Cuomo caught by the Right and Left in failed crony magic trick 11/17/16 11:11 AM Report: Trump 'never advocated' for Muslim registry 11/17/16 08:53 PM Was Trump on to something with apprenticeships? 11/17/16 11:42 AM Study showing 'Fake News' beating 'Real News' looks like garbage 11/16/16 09:51 PM Obama and Merkel prejudge Trump to own detriment 11/17/16 01:28 PM Trump team sets up Pentagon briefings for Friday 11/17/16 08:02 PM Ford Motors 'encouraged' by Trump to keep jobs in US 11/18/16 12:02 AM Conservative college president considered for education secretary 11/17/16 03:42 PM AG Lynch: Election created 'fear and uncertainty' for immigrants 11/17/16 01:17 PM Trump is freezing out Christie; Stalin had his political opponents imprisoned and murdered 11/17/16 01:14 PM Report: Trump considering Nikki Haley for secretary of state 11/17/16 12:30 AM Rep. Rohrabacher, Afghan expert, knows Putin, emerges as State pick 11/15/16 09:17 PM Report: Perry makes the Trump short list for energy chief 11/17/16 12:48 PM Obama on anti-Trump protesters: 'I wouldn't advise them to be silent' 11/17/16 01:10 PM Warren: Trump's word means 'nothing' 11/17/16 03:33 PM Freedom Caucus chairman pushes Tim Huelskamp for Agriculture secretary 11/17/16 10:52 AM Trump escaping NYC this weekend for New Jersey 11/17/16 06:22 PM Fire Sale on HillaryClinton.com merch 11/15/16 09:51 PM Report: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job 11/17/16 07:29 PM Ryan backs term limits 11/17/16 12:08 PM Pelosi calls for probe of Russians, FBI leak to Giuliani 11/17/16 11:57 AM No contact between Trump and State Department on cusp of meeting Japanese PM 11/17/16 05:07 PM Russia threatens US media after State Department criticizes reporter 11/17/16 12:04 PM Pelosi challenged by Tim Ryan to lead House Dems 11/17/16 03:15 PM LeBron James drops $2.5M for Smithsonian's Muhammad Ali exhibit 11/17/16 06:26 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us The agency helped Walmart's 2011 effortsto buy a South African retailer despite local unions' opposition. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe) Emails detail State Dept. effort under Clinton to aid Walmart By Sean Higgins (@seanghiggins) • 9/8/16 12:01 AM Sean Higgins Senior Writer The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/HeadshotHiggins_Sean.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Newly released emails from Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state detail how the State Department assisted Walmart's efforts in 2011 to buy a South African retail chain called Massmart despite the opposition of local unions. The emails show that U.S. diplomats talked up Walmart to skeptical South African government officials, even playing some hardball on the company's behalf. Other emails show that Clinton retained close ties to the Arkansas-based retailer, where she was a board member from 1986 through 1992. Clinton has more recently sought to distance herself from the company, which many liberal groups despise for its anti-union stance. Then-Walmart President Mike Duke personally emailed Clinton in September 2011 to thank her for "taking the time to meet with our executives at the [Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation] summit and your kind words about our initiative. I am grateful for your support and partnership," Duke said. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! Earlier that year, State Department officials had taken a keen interest in Walmart's attempt to gain a major foothold in the South African retail market by buying 51 percent of the Massmart chain. Shareholders had approved the buyout, but the Congress of South African Trade Unions, the main labor federation there, was fighting the deal, which required approval by the nation's Competition Tribunal. In a statement to the Washington Examiner, the company defended the connection by saying it's a routine job for the U.S. government to fight for U.S. business interests. "The mission of government agencies like United States Trade Representative and the State Department is to help promote business interests overseas and advocate for U.S. businesses investing in foreign countries," the company said. "Our disclosures show that our business interest in South Africa was discussed with U.S. government officials at the USTR, Commerce and the State Department, along with more than a dozen other topics important to our business," it said. It is not unusual for the State Department to help U.S. companies abroad. It has an entire section, the Office of Commercial and Business Affairs, to serve as the "gateway for American businesses overseas." Also from the Washington Examiner Sessions, Alabama governor may discuss senator's successor Friday, sources say It would fall to Bentley to appoint a successor to Sessions should he depart the Senate. By David M. Drucker • 11/18/16 9:04 AM A March 24 message from the American consulate in Johannesburg to Washington related how the labor federation "frets that Walmarts (sic) entry into the South African Market will cost South Africa jobs by forcing the closure of other retailers that will be unable to compete." It concludes by stating that Walmart "faces a politicized climate and powerful labor union." A follow-up message from the embassy on May 6 said that Deputy Secretary of State Tom Nides had raised the issue in a meeting with South African Minister of Economic Development Ebrahim Patel. Nides "said that Walmart's reputation as portrayed in the media does not reflect its current position and the way it intends to do business in South Africa," the message said. The May 6 message added that the Nides and U.S. Ambassador Donald Gips "expressed the belief [to Patel] that Walmart will be a net job creator and a positive economic force in South Africa." Also from the Washington Examiner Spokesman says Trump wants critics in his Cabinet The GOP spokesman said Trump has a major transition team beginning today. By Kyle Feldscher • 11/18/16 8:32 AM The two also warned that the Arkansas-based company "is concerned that the requested commitments regarding jobs and local sourcing would tie its hands in a very competitive sector" and that "refusal to accept Walmart could discourage other foreign investment." Several sections of the message are redacted, including what are apparently some of Patel's comments in response. A May 31 message from the embassy announced that the government had consented to the acquisition. There were several conditions to it, including requirements that Walmart not have any layoffs for the first two years and that it create a $14.6 million fund for "developing local suppliers." The message nevertheless indicated that the final deal was on Walmart's terms. "These requirements are basically a reformulation of voluntary offers made by Walmart and Massmart before the decision was announced. No local procurement requirements were imposed," the May 31 email stated. Also released Friday with the emails was an apparent set of talking points for Clinton for a trip to South Africa that was planned for June 2011 but never happened. State Department records indicate that she held no press conference in South Africa that month. The talking points call for her to say that the Walmart-Massmart deal is "good news for South Africa."   Walmart-Massmart (PDF)    Walmart-Massmart (Text)  Top Story Trump set to take sharp right turn on immigration policy If personnel is policy, this week in President-elect Trump's transition has been better for immigration hawks than foreign-policy doves. By W. James Antle III • 11/18/16 12:01 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Sean Higgins | Labor unions | Labor | Hillary Clinton | 2016 Elections | State Department | Walmart | South Africa Subscribe to Alerts + News + Sean Higgins + Labor Unions + Labor + Hillary Clinton + 2016 Elections + State Department + Walmart + South Africa Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-09-08 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/emails-detail-state-dept.-effort-under-clinton-to-aid-walmart/article/2601214 2016-09-08T00:01 2016-09-09T12:44 Emails detail State Dept. effort under Clinton to aid Walmart Newly released emails from Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state detail how the State Department assisted Walmart's efforts in 2011 to buy a South African retail chain called Massmart despite the opposition of local unions. The emails show that U.S. diplomats talked up Walmart to skeptical South African government officials, even playing some hardball on the company's behalf. Other emails show that Clinton retained close ties to the Arkansas-based retailer, where she was a board member from 1986 through 1992. Clinton has more recently sought to distance herself from the company, which many liberal groups despise for its anti-union stance. Then-Walmart President Mike Duke personally emailed Clinton in September 2011 to thank her for taking the time to meet with our executives at the [Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation] summit and your kind words about our initiative. I am grateful for your support and partnership, Duke said. Politics,News,Sean Higgins,Labor unions,Labor,Hillary Clinton,2016 Elections,State Department,Minusextra,Walmart,South Africa http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-e9576114174067bf176e03c6852bcd10.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-e9576114174067bf176e03c6852bcd10.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
null
Login Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Profile Subscriptions Mobile Tablet 100th Anniversary Issue News Front Page Local News Crimes & Cases Obituaries Op-Ed Editorial Letters Columns People & Culture Arts & Leisure Links Editorial Department View Classifieds Post A Classified Subscriptions Webmaster Archive Copyright© 2008-2016 Ridgewood Times Printing & Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved Member of the QUEENS CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Newspaper web site content management software and services Letters September 8, 2016   Search Archives WHY IS NYC STILL WAITING FOR ITS FIRST WALMART? School will soon be open, but once again out of work, single income, poor, working and middleclass parents looking for reasonably priced clothing and educational supplies will have to pay more. This is thanks to elected officials who believe they know what is best for you. Residents in the other 57 counties outside of New York City within New York State have had the option of shopping or not shopping at Walmart for decades. The same is true for virtually every other city and state. Only NYC is behind the times. Many elected city officials feel that we should oppose Walmart because of substandard salaries and unfair competition they would provide against smaller stores. Construction of a new Walmart can provide work for construction contractors and their employees. Once opened, there are employment opportunities for many workers. The city would benefit by millions in sales, payroll and real estate tax revenue which could help fund essential municipal services everyone desires. Walmart is the nation’s largest private sector employer with more than 1,200,000 employees and growing each year. Tens of millions of Americans including many fellow New Yorkers own stock in Walmart. The same is true for the various retirement and pension plans many people participate in. Starting pay averages several dollars above the minimum wage for new employees around the nation. Several hundred thousand New Yorkers work off the books, full- and part-time with no benefits. Many existing retailers pay minimum wage with no benefits. These same public officials opposing Walmart never talk about these abuses. Larry Penner, Great Neck
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Decomposing body found inside car at Jacksonsville Walmart by: Brittney Donovan, Action News Jax Updated: Sep 8, 2016 - 12:02 PM Twtter JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Officers are investigating after family members found their relative's decomposing body inside a car in a Walmart parking lot in North Jacksonville. Police were called to Walmart on Lem Turner Road Wednesday evening after family said they found a Jacksonville woman's body inside an SUV in the parking lot. Related Headlines Jacksonville car dealer employees hide in locked room after man's threats Accused drug dealer in Jacksonville reveals officers' investigative tools Dad seeking special sippy cup for autistic son is overwhelmed by response Police have not yet identified the woman, but said the Nissan Murano she was found inside matches the description of an SUV in a missing person case. The missing person case is in connection with 54-year-old Cindy Bland who was reported missing after heading to a dentist appointment on August 24 and hasn't been seen since. Action News Jax is working to confirm if this missing person case in connection with the death investigation.  Officers said it appears the SUV had been parked at the Walmart for approximately two weeks. The body is too decomposed for a positive identification at this time, officers said. Jacksonville police said there are no indications of foul play at this time. However, they have to wait for a medical examiner to complete the autopsy.  Police say they are pulling surveillance video from the Walmart parking lot. The investigation is ongoing.  Trending on ActionNewsJax.com: Family of serviceman says he was unarmed, stabbed 11 times in back Marion County 10-year-old arrested, charged in death of 2-year-old cousin FHP: Spike in car crashes caused by debris in Duval County, statewide Jacob Wetterling's killer gives chilling details of abducted 11-year-old's final moments alive Road Rangers warn of dangers due to distracted drivers disobeying move over law More popular and trending stories #JSO Homicide is working an incident in the 12100 block of Lem Turner Road. #JAX #Jacksonville — Jax Sheriff's Office (@JSOPIO) September 8, 2016 Jso investigating a Reported undetermined death at the Walmart parking lot on Lem Turner Road. pic.twitter.com/l844KKjDvt — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Detectives searching cars in rear of parking lot at Lem tuner Walmart. pic.twitter.com/70QDFrdRMv — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Detectives now searching red car now. pic.twitter.com/3kk6aI1eNb — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Coroner and medical examiner just showed up to reported death at Lem Turner Walmart. pic.twitter.com/GjZWlSlc70 — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso: decomposing woman found in her car in Walmart parking lot. Foul play starting to get ruled out. pic.twitter.com/wh3XGE0ea1 — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso says vehicle matches recent missing person report. Positive ID has not been made yet of woman found inside. pic.twitter.com/T3uYnaJkay — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Jso confirms the vehicle found in Walmart parking lot is same vehicle in this missing persons case. Body not Idd yet pic.twitter.com/t7bcxrUoPv — Cole Heath (@ColeANjax) September 8, 2016 Police say they're pulling surveillance video from the @Walmart parking lot. @JSOPIO @ActionNewsJax pic.twitter.com/CoeyaCxGwF — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) September 8, 2016 Police say there are no indications of foul play, but they won't know until the med. examiner completes an autopsy. https://t.co/bma7eOMQGH — Kaitlyn Chana (@KaitlynANjax) September 8, 2016 © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Decomposing body found inside car at Jacksonsville Walmart Florida Governor Rick Scott to make jobs announcement in St. Augustine Jacksonville police disciplines officer for handling of Jaguars' Denard… Argument between roommates led to meth lab investigation, police say Food truck closed for health violations News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Best Black Friday Deals From Target, Best Buy and More ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 35 Ways to Save for Your Emergency Fund 10 Best Student Savings Accounts Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips CD Loans: How to Borrow Against Your Certificate of Deposit How to Close Your CD Early Without Paying a Fee Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans What Is an Unsecured Loan? What Is a Secured Loan? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 How to Invest in Oil Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 13 Everyday Habits That Destroy Your Retirement Fund 7 Hidden Fees to Watch Out for in Retirement Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 10 Free Student Checking Accounts What Is a Checking Account? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How Do Credit Unions Make Money? Are Banks Open on Black Friday 2016? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards How Your Dallas Credit Card Benefits Can Save You Money Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Ways To Save Money > Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee Exclusions Target vs. Walmart: Price Match Guarantee ExclusionsLearn what's excluded from the Target and Walmart price match guarantees. By Holly Hammersmith September 8, 2016 10 Comments   Target and Walmart are two stores known for their deals and budget-friendly prices. When scouring these two retailers for the best deals, consumers who want to score big savings arm themselves with coupons and apps. And it’s possible to save even more at each store, if you take advantage of their price match guarantees. Understanding the price match policies will help you shop strategically and get the best prices on specific items. When using the Walmart price match guarantee and the Target price match guarantee, you should know exactly what is covered and what isn’t covered under the policy. To make sure you get the most for your money, get savvy on what’s excluded from these stores’ price match guarantees. 2016 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. / 2016 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Walmart Price Match Exclusions Many savvy shoppers already know Walmart as a store that’s budget-friendly — check your local Walmart ad, and you’ll generally find prices that are highly competitive. Experienced shoppers know to take advantage of further savings by using Walmart coupons. And shoppers who want to save even more can take advantage of price matching at the store. But before you do all your shopping exclusively at Walmart, expecting to take advantage of its price match guarantee, know what’s excluded so you aren’t disappointed. Here are some key exclusions from the Walmart price match guarantee: Prices from its Marketplace or from third-party sellers Prices from auctions or retailers requiring memberships Prices that cannot be determined independent of other items; this means in order to price match, the fees, shipping charges, etc. must be determinable. Price items from bundle offers, instant rebates, mail-in offers or any offers, including financing Prices that cannot be determined following a percent-off or dollar-off coupon on the item Items that other retail stores have marked as clearance, close-out, liquidation or limited quantity Any items that require a minimum quantity for purchase Damaged, used or refurbished items Misprinted or inaccurate prices Walmart One-Hour Guarantee items Prices on items on Walmart.com or with other retailers between Thanksgiving Day and Cyber-Monday, including Walmart Black Friday sale prices Additionally, rain checks are not offered for items not currently in stock at Walmart on available on Walmart.com. And price matching isn’t offered online in Alaska, Hawaii or Puerto Rico for in-store purchases at Walmart. Find Out: 25 Best Deals at Walmart Nils Versemann / Shutterstock.com Target Price Match Exclusions Target is another store popular with shoppers looking for good prices on everyday items. Savvy shoppers know to check out Target ads and use the store’s Cartwheel app to get even better prices than advertised Target sales. And to make comparison shopping even better, you can take advantage of the store’s price match guarantee; Target’s price match guarantee was updated in 2013 to include online price matching. To make sure you know exactly what you’re getting into as a Target shopper, though, you need to also understand what isn’t covered in its price match policy. Here are some important exclusions from Target’s price match guarantee: Clearance items, closeout items and liquidation sale items Items that are damaged or in an open package Refurbished, pre-owned, rented or lease-to-own items Storewide or unspecific offers Non-branded items Prices that only display on a website after a user logs into the website Incorrectly priced items Anything that’s a typo Limited-time or quantity-specific offers Daily deals, coupon offers, credit card or gift card offers Financing plans, service offers or bundled offers Sales tax promotions Free items Rebates or mail-in offers Contract mobile phone devices or plans Optical wear Target Portrait Studio pricing Target Clinic or any Target Pharmacy purchases Product services such as warranties at Target or game reservations at Target Prices from Target’s “Marketplace” stores and from third-party sellers Items purchased with the Cartwheel phone app Also, note that Target gift card offers and Target coupons cannot be combined with a price match. Manufacturer coupons will be honored but only after a price match is made following the Target coupon policy. And items containing alcohol will be honored for the price match guarantee, but are subject to state regulations, which vary. See: 8 Other Stores Offering Price Match Guarantees Share This Article How Decluttering Helps Me Make and Save at Least $500 a Year Top 10 Beauty Products Under $10 Related Articles 19 Ways to Pay Less at Target This Holiday Walmart and 10 Other Stores Offering Price Match Guarantees Target Vs. Walmart Back-to-School Deals: Which Are Better? Walmart vs. Amazon: Shipping Cost Comparison These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Donald I THINK YOU ARE FULL OF CRAP ! mary I never shop for long time in those stores , the quality is very poor and prices are not right , I prefer to pay high price anywhere else but have a quality products, in food department the packages quantity are 50 or 100 , 200 grams , on a round price , 2,3 4, 5, … but if you do the math you can get in any other store less price and less wrapping(garbage) they can close forever sassy In other words Do not shop at Walmart is what this article is saying. Seems like this is an advertisement from Target more than an independent assessment Radart I do not see your list of “30 ITEMS”. Indeed, this looks like an ad for Target. I have always done my best to stay away from Walmart for many reasons. freddie1941 Guess what your ole Target stores got the boot in Canada and cost US tax payers. Terrible store they cannot compete with Wal Mart at all. Thank you very much. Malinda Sooooo where is this list of 30 items? Just a bunch of information about Target and it’s pricing, trying to get you to click on the next link for them. Guess I won’t shop at Target either, no wonder they went belly up in Canada. ROBERT I WILL ASK THE SAME QUESTION—-WHERE ARE THE 30 ITEMS? frank When Target first came to Canada I was told that they were Wal Mart’s biggest competitor. I was very disappointed. It was like walking into Wal Mart. The Pricing no different. They could not make it in Canada. I shop at Wal Mart and like their pricing and I have no problems. I bought a few things that I have had to return, but then I bought things at other stores that I had to return. Wal Mat is no different except when it comes to pricing. Some sores like the BAY are way over priced for the same quality item. Where is the list of 30 items you say never buy? I do not believe it exsist. A.S. There’s no list here… who wrote this article anyway? Lame. shaunaru For those of you who are griping and whining that you were ripped off because you can’t find the list of 30 items not to purchase at WalMart, I’ll tell you what I used to tell my son, “You’re never too poor to pay attention!” Had any of you been paying attention, you would have noticed that you clicked on another article that was listed as “related.” In other words, it was not a part of the “30 Items Never to Buy at Walmart” it is simply a related article. The other place that you needed to pay attention is the further up from the link for this article, but still clearly posted, there are “buttons” numbered 1 through 30 directly below the photo for the article. In other words, go back one page and then click on the numbered buttons. Also, since it seems that you folks need very specific instructions. Don’t start whining about only having a photo and no article. Move down the page just a little bit and you’ll see that the text associated with that particular photo is directly beneath the photo. I’ll just bet that on the majority of web sites you people visit, you are mostly annoyed with how that web site is not performing to your satisfaction. Right? Well, next time you’d rather be an WSM (whining, sniveling, malcontent), try something new. Carefully look all around the page before complaining that this or that is missing. Carefully re-read the article to find the info that you’re saying doesn’t exist there. Be brave enough to try something new – don’t just complain about how so and so doesn’t do it like everyone else. Granted, most articles are continued on new pages through a link near the bottom of the first page. However, you had to move right past those 30 buttons on your way towards the link to this page, were you just so determined to “do things the way you’re used to” that you couldn’t even imagine the list of 30 items could be listed in a different manner? Before you took the time to write your complaint (some of you even shared downright rude complaints), did it ever cross your minds to go back to the first page and confirm that there was not another way to access the list of 30 items? No, I do not work for this web site nor for the parent company. No, I don’t know anyone who works for this web site nor for the parent company. No, I don’t work for anyone who advertises with this site or the parent company. I’m a disabled senior citizen (obviously, not as disabled as some of you!) who can no longer drive so I rarely meet new people and have an ever shrinking group of friends who have time to come and visit me. I simply take offense at those who belittle others when it’s clearly their own weaknesses that are at fault. Advertiser Disclosure * APY = Annual Percentage Yield Most Popular Personal Finance Articles ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them’ Movie Cast Net Worth Post-Election: 1 in 3 Americans Are Not Confident in the Financial Future of the U.S. Economy 6 Car Repairs You Can (Really) Do Yourself 50 Stores With the Best and Worst Return Policies Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Find Interest Rates Near Me Banking CD Rates Savings Account Checking Accounts Personal Loans Car Loans Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Go! Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2016 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com People on the move Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Legal pot can get you fired Arrest in SJPD shooting 16th Tech Awards Aldon Smith waits on NFL Abortion by mail Free state parks admission Business People on the move Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Greg Young | gyoung@bayareanewsgroup.com September 11, 2016 at 1:00 am Ayse Ildeniz of Silver Spring Networks: The San Jose networking platform and services provider for smart energy networks appointed Ayse Ildeniz chief operating officer. Recently, she held executive positions at Intel. Edward Graubart of Ceterix Orthopaedics: The Menlo Park provider of surgical tools that improve a surgeon’s ability to perform minimally invasive orthopaedic procedures, appointed Edward Graubart vice president of sales. He is a former executive at NuVasive. Eric Sager of BlueVine: The Palo Alto online provider of everyday financing to small businesses appointed Eric Sager chief revenue officer. He is former head of sales at Square. Jonathan Ward of Pelvalon: The Sunnyvale medical device company named Jonathan Ward vice president of sales. Previously, he held positions at Boston Scientific. Leslie Campbell of Coupa Software: The San Mateo cloud-based spend management software provider named Leslie Campbell to its board of directors. Previously, she held positions at Dell. Lucas Watson of Intuit: The Mountain View maker of QuickBooks and TurboTax software named Lucas Watson executive vice president, chief marketing and sales officer. Recently, he served as vice president of global brand solutions and innovations at Google. Michael Fey of Symantec: The Mountain View provider of cybersecurity named Michael Fey president and chief operating officer. He held the position of president and COO at Blue Coat Systems before Symantec acquired the company. Tammi Cooper of Fidelis Education: The Redwood City provider of software for out-of-class student support services appointed Tammi Cooper executive director and principal. She is former vice president for innovation and associate provost at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor. Venkat Achanta of Neustar: The neutral provider of real-time information services named Venkat Achanta chief data and analytics officer and will work in the San Francisco office. Previously, he served as chief data officer at Walmart. Show Caption of Expand Venkat Achanta, Neustar The neutral provider of real-time information services named Venkat Achanta chief data and analytics officer and will work in the San Francisco office. Previously, he served as chief data officer at Walmart. Leslie Campbell, Coupa Software The San Mateo cloud-based spend management software provider named Leslie Campbell to its board of directors. Previously, she held positions at Dell. Tammi Cooper, Fidelis Education The Redwood City provider of software for out-of-class student support services appointed Tammi Cooper executive director and principal. She is former vice president for innovation and associate provost at the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor. Michael Fey, Symantec The Mountain View provider of cybersecurity named Michael Fey president and chief operating officer. He held the position of president and COO at Blue Coat Systems before Symantec acquired the company. Edward Graubart, Ceterix Orthopaedics The Menlo Park provider of surgical tools that improve a surgeon’s ability to perform minimally invasive orthopaedic procedures, appointed Edward Graubart vice president of sales. He is a former executive at NuVasive. Ayse Ildeniz, Silver Spring Networks The San Jose networking platform and services provider for smart energy networks appointed Ayse Ildeniz chief operating officer. Recently, she held executive positions at Intel. Eric Sager, BlueVine The Palo Alto online provider of everyday financing to small businesses appointed Eric Sager chief revenue officer. He is former head of sales at Square. Jonathan Ward, Pelvalon The Sunnyvale medical device company named Jonathan Ward vice president of sales. Previously, he held positions at Boston Scientific. Lucas Watson, Intuit The Mountain View maker of QuickBooks and TurboTax software named Lucas Watson executive vice president, chief marketing and sales officer. Recently, he served as vice president of global brand solutions and innovations at Google. Tags:  People On The Move Greg Young Greg Young writes the People on the Move column, a feature that highlights the newly appointed execs for page 2 of the Sunday biz section. He also compiles data for the VC survey, generate tech indexes, and puts together a quarterly earnings report of Silicon Valley high tech co. Born and raised in the South Bay, he attended San Jose City College and graduated with an AA, general ed. He also entrepreneurial minded, is building a business with an emphasis on financial education. Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Marijuana may be legal in California, but it can still get you fired San Jose police investigate Evergreen homicide; 45th of the year Disneyland upgrades: Star Wars, Guardians coming soon Los Gatos: Angry residents storm out of water meeting Kawakami: Why Patrick McCaw is a big piece of the Warriors’ present… and future Raiders’ Aldon Smith now eligible for reinstatement Kanye West ‘would have voted for Trump’ SCU students walk out in solidarity with undocumented immigrants More in Business Butler: Staying happy while scaling the ‘wall of worry’ November 18, 2016, 6:00 am The coming years may bring plenty of worry, but historically the markets have thrived in times of government intransigence and dysfunction Talking ‘hotness’ with realtor.com’s chief economist November 18, 2016, 6:00 am Northern California markets continue to dominate realtor.com’s “hotness index,” though they are not nearly as hot as they once were, says chief economist Jonathan Smoke. Volkswagen to cut 30,000 jobs after emissions scandal November 18, 2016, 5:29 am Volkswagen announced plans Friday to cut 30,000 jobs in a wide-ranging restructuring of its namesake brand as it tries to recover from a scandal over cars rigged to cheat on diesel emissions tests. South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data November 17, 2016, 9:38 pm South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, November 18, 2016 83 Today's Paper Weather 60°F Sunny Friday, November 18, 2016   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Walmart shoplifter gets probation share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Walmart shoplifter gets probation Fri, 09/09/2016 - 12:35pm | Mary Schenk URBANA — A Piper City man who admitted stealing electronics from the Champaign Walmart over several days earlier this year — then selling them to a resale shop — has been sentenced to a year of probation. Ryan Deatley, 32, pleaded guilty before Judge Heidi Ladd on Friday to retail theft over $300, admitting that between March 22 and 29, he stole controllers for three different kinds of video game systems on three different days from the Walmart, 2610 N. Prospect Ave., C. Champaign police later learned that Deatley and another man then sold those new controllers to the Disc Replay store at 2012 N. Prospect Ave., C. Deatley was also ordered to perform 75 hours of public service. Assistant State’s Attorney Tim Sullivan said Deatley had prior convictions for aggravated criminal sexual abuse, driving under the influence, domestic battery, trespass, disorderly conduct and forgery.  Sections (2):News, Local More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over More Local What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 'She always felt she could fix somebody' Cause of Tolono ammonia leak undetermined Parkland's problems might not be over Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News #TheMJs, Nov. 18, 2016 Area history, Nov. 18, 2016 Champaign police review board panel goes over public input Clergy corner, Nov. 18, 2016 JPMorgan Chase to pay $264.4 million in bribery case This day in history, Nov. 18, 2016 What's In A Name? Brown Bag restaurant 2 face charges in holdup at Danville Casey's Parkland volleyball reaches semifinals Gibson City's Pizza Hut shuts down More Local News $5 Reprints also Available Most Viewed News UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot UPDATE: Woman dies in Urbana shooting UPDATE Deceased panhandler a familiar face: 'Everybody loved Richie' Shooting in Urbana Anhydrous-ammonia leak forms cloud near Tolono Most Commented News Not their president: UI students protest Trump's election For the record: Concealed carry after 3 years Trump protest at UI UI chancellor: 'Take a deep breath' UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot Trending Now UPDATE: Woman killed had feared for her life; suspected killer dead of self-inflicted gunshot UPDATE Deceased panhandler a familiar face: 'Everybody loved Richie' UPDATE: Woman dies in Urbana shooting Shooting in Urbana Anhydrous-ammonia leak forms cloud near Tolono Tilmon set for 1 p.m. Thursday announcement Urbana shooting victim showed 'bravery and courage' Most painful recent Illini basketball recruiting misses LIVE! Tilmon signs with Illinois Murder charges filed in Tolono man's death Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2015 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Local News Broward News Margate News Broward deputy accused of shoplifting at WalMart 7 times, once while in uniform, records show Broward deputy accused of shoplifting at WalMart 7 times, once while in uniform, records show Surveillance video shows Broward Sheriff's Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. Surveillance video shows Broward Sheriff's Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. Tonya AlanezContact ReporterSun Sentinel A Broward deputy was in uniform when he was videotaped shoplifting from WalMart, arrest documents show Privacy Policy A Broward sheriff's deputy finds himself suspended without pay and facing a felony charge after being accused of shoplifting everyday household items from two WalMarts in Coral Springs, according to records obtained Friday by the Sun Sentinel. Surveillance video shows Deputy Dean Korenic, 46, shoplifting on seven occasions, investigators say. He was in uniform one of the times and drove away with his stolen goods in a marked patrol car three other times, records show. A 14-year veteran of the agency, Korenic was arrested Tuesday and spent a night in jail before posting $3,500 bond on a felony charge of scheme to defraud/obtain property under $20,000, records show. "In review of the video ... the theft was apparent and intentional," an affidavit said. "The thefts were committed both in and out of BSO uniform." Sheriff's officials would not provide the videos to the Sun Sentinel Friday. Korenic, of Margate, was suspended without pay Tuesday. He makes $72,735. Korenic was initially suspended with pay when he was first advised of the investigation on June 6. On the deputy's alleged shopping list: Cool Water cologne, Jergens lotion, papertowels, disposable razors, detergent, syrup, toothpaste, bar soap, a canister of Maxwell House coffee and a carton of eggs. Dean Korenic Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy Deputy Dean Korenic. Deputy Dean Korenic. (Broward Sheriff's Office/Courtesy) "It's discouraging to see and read and hear about," Sheriff Scott Israel said. "He disgraced the badge, but at this time I choose to focus on the men and women in our public corruption unit whose job it is to investigate deputies who don't do everything the right way. They got right to it, they investigated it thoroughly. We're not going to tolerate police misconduct and deputies committing illegal acts." Despite four voicemail messages left on Korenic's home and cellphones, he could not be reached for comment. It was unclear if he had an attorney. The police union generally doesn't provide lawyers for law enforcement charged with crimes not associated with their jobs. It's discouraging to see and read and hear about. He disgraced the badge. — Broward Sheriff Scott Israel Although each alleged theft was for minor amounts — $34.13 on May 13, $49.54 on May 27 and $7.27 on June 16 — all totaled the scheme adds up to a 3rd-degree felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison. The deputy had a system, according to an affidavit in support of his arrest warrant. He would do his shopping, go to a self-checkout and scan some items but not all. Korenic would slip the unscanned items into his shopping bag and leave the store, the affidavit said. The first alleged theft was committed May 13 at a WalMart located at 6001 Coral Ridge Drive. When Korenic struck there again on May 23 he was wearing "a BSO patrolman's green short sleeve Class B uniform," the affidavit said. When Korenic returned June 3 he was dressed in "civilian attire" but drove his marked cruiser. His final shoplifting spree at that store was June 18, records show. Two of the three times Korenic stole from a WalMart at 3801 Turtle Creek Drive he left in his patrol car. He wore street clothes each time — May 27, June 5 and June 16, the affidavit said. Store security picked up on Korenic on June 3 when he was seen concealing a bottle of cologne in a pair of grey slippers. A loss-prevention officer followed him to the parking lot and saw him get into a patrol car. The officer took down the plate and car numbers, records show. A loss-prevention manager next performed an audit of the debit card Korenic used and came up with numerous transactions which helped investigators identify Korenic's other alleged thefts. "Korenic was readily identified via video, his tattoos and by the use of his personal Chase debit card," Detective Joshua Web wrote in the affidavit. The videos could not be released Friday, a sheriff's spokeswoman said, because the detective working the case had them and would not return to the office until Monday. Investigators on June 6 picked up Korenic from an off-duty detail at the central terminal for Broward County Transit in downtown Fort Lauderdale and took him to the sheriff's internal affairs office. While Korenic was advised of the investigation and suspended with pay, detectives searched the trunk of his patrol car. There they found a pair of gray slippers in a WalMart bag. And in the driver's door pocket was 2-ounce bottle of Jergens lotion. tealanez@sunsentinel.com, 954-356-4542 or Twitter @talanez Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Crime Theft Law Enforcement Broward County Sheriff's Office Shoplifting deputy Miramar officer guilty of stealing liquor from theft suspects BSO detention deputy accused in Wal-Mart shoplifting spree All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Daily Deals: Samsung 4K Smart TV $530, Amazon Tap Alexa speaker $100, and more By Cody Lee, Sep 9, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment iDB’s Daily Deal post is a roundup of our favorite deals on tech and tech-related products from around the web. This includes everything from smartphones, tablets and accessories, to connected devices and even video games. Every deal you see below has been hand-picked based on a variety of factors including personal experience, online reviews from customers and experts, and discount percentage. So what are you waiting for? Get shopping! Refurbished UE Roll Bluetooth Speaker GeekDeal (via eBay) has a good deal on UE’s popular Roll Bluetooth speaker. This portable speaker has been praised by critics for being very durable and producing great sound. Yes, there is a newer version out and yes, these models have been refurbished, but for the price you are getting a lot of bang for your buck. Free shipping, 90-day warranty. You can buy this UE Roll Bluetooth speaker on eBay for $40 (normal price new $100). Refurbished Beats Powerbeats2 Wireless Headphones We’ve covered the Powerbeats2 a lot on daily deals, so you know what these are: great looking and sounding Bluetooth in-ear headphones. These are refurbished units, sold via Walmart, at the lowest price we’ve ever seen ($70 for the red colorway). Perhaps this deal is even more relevant now given this week’s iPhone 7 event. You can buy these refurbished Powerbeats2 at Walmart for $70 (normal price new $200). Sony PlayStation 3 500GB Console True we now live in the days of Xbox Ones and virtual reality, but the PS3 still remains a solid gaming console with a plethora of games available. And Walmart is running a deal on the system right now that makes it a no-brainer for anyone in the market. No frills or unwanted games, just a PS3 system with 500GB of storage. You can buy this 500GB PS3 at Walmart for $150 (normal price $220). Amazon Tap Alexa-Enabled Portable Bluetooth Speaker We’ve highlighted deals on Amazon’s Tap Bluetooth speaker before, but this matches the lowest price we’ve seen. The Tap is the portable version of the popular Echo speaker/voice assistant. You get a great-sounding Bluetooth speaker, with access to Alexa at the touch of a button where you can get sports scores, weather forecasts and more. You can buy the Tap Bluetooth speaker on Amazon for $100 (normal price $130). Refurbished 12.9-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi – 128GB Looking for a 12.9-inch iPad Pro on the cheap? Check out this deal from top eBay seller mobilepros1. It’s the Wi-Fi only, 128GB model and yes these are refurbished units. The seller guarantees that the tablets are in 100% working condition and you are protected by a 30-day money-back guarantee. Shipping is free and all colors are available. You can buy this refurbished 128GB 12.9-inch iPad Pro on eBay for $600 (normal price new $900). Cambridge SoundWorks OontZ Angle 3 Bluetooth Speaker Usually, you get what you pay for with Bluetooth speakers. But that’s not the case for the Oontz Angle 3 from Cambridge SoundWorks. For $30 you get a portable speaker with crystal clear sound, IPX5-rated water resistance and durability, and up to 7 hours of playback time. Seriously, it has a 4.5 star rating on Amazon on over 8,400 reviews. You can buy this Cambridge SoundWorks Bluetooth speaker on Amazon for $28 (normal price $100). Samsung Gear VR Virtual Reality Headset Mobile virtual reality is finally here. With the Samsung Gear VR, you can play amazing games, watch Hollywood’s best movies in your own private cinema (or even on the moon!), socialize with friends new and old, be at the center of a suspense thriller, and so much more. The Gear VR drops you right into the action-and it’s only from Samsung & Oculus. You can buy this Samsung Gear VR headset on Amazon for $60 (normal price $100). Samsung 50-inch LED 4K Smart TV Looking for a 50-inch 4K TV on the cheap? Top rated eBay seller Videoandaudiocenter has Samsung’s UN50KU6300 at a great price right now. It offers 4K resolution, UHD (ultra HD) dimming, PurColor tech for accurate details, a simplified Smart TV interface, support for cloud gaming and a smart touchpad remote. Plus, with Smart View, you can stream whatever is on your TV to your mobile device. This set is on sale at a number of retailers, but this is by far the best price we’ve seen. You can buy this Samsung 50-inch 4K Smart TV on eBay for $530 (normal price $800). Remember that these are “daily” deals, meaning some of these prices may not be available for long. So don’t hesitate to take advantage of the savings! Want even more deals? Be sure to follow @iDBDeals on Twitter! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3 headphones, and more Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro, and more Daily Deals: $200 off 4K iMac, $500 off LG curved OLED TV, and more Daily Deals: $260 off Parrot Bebop Drone, $400 off 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and more Related Topics Accessories, Deal, Discount, iPad, iPhone, Roundup   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going Apple’s free app of the week: Tayasui Sketches Pro New Lock screen bug bypasses iPhone/iPad passcode, lets you see photos/contacts   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
DA: Oneida Co. man assaulted girls at Rhinelander Wal-Mart - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP Election 2016 Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER StormTrack9 Weather App 2016 Snowfall Contest Turkey Trot Forecast School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers OUTDOORS On Wisconsin! Newsline 9 Sports Power 9 Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers Sports Express THINGS TO DO Warm Up Wisconsin Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW DA: Oneida Co. man assaulted girls at Rhinelander Wal-Mart Posted: Friday, September 9, 2016 4:13 PM EDT By Melissa Langbehn, Anchor, Multimedia Journalist BioEmail Connect Biography mlangbehn@waow.com RHINELANDER (WAOW) - A Rhinelander man is accused of sexually assaulting two girls at a Wal-Mart store in Rhinelander. A  judge ordered John Donato, 64, jailed on a $5,000 cash bond during a court appearance Friday. According to police reports, Donato assaulted  the girls, ages 8 and 13, in the Wal-Mart store in late  August in a school supplies aisle.  Donato's preliminary hearing for prosecutors to present evidence justifying the charges is Sept. 15, court records said. Donato is charged with two felonies - second-degree sexual assault of a child and sexual contact with a child under 13. If convicted, he could face 100 years in prison and thousands of dollars in fines. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> Amherst wins second straight state football championship Amherst wins second straight state football championship UPDATE: Hunters find decomposed body at Rib Mountain State Park UPDATE: Hunters find decomposed body at Rib Mountain State Park A partially decomposed body was found Thursday at Rib Mountain State Park, according to the Marathon County Sheriffs Department. More >> A partially decomposed body was found Thursday at Rib Mountain State Park, according to the Marathon County Sheriffs Department.More >> Wausau school receives failing grade from state report Wausau school receives failing grade from state report Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner VIDEO: Brother saves baby falling from changing table VIDEO: Brother saves baby falling from changing table UPDATE: 4-year-old Antigo boy in stable condition after gunshot to head UPDATE: 4-year-old Antigo boy in stable condition after gunshot to head  A 4-year-old boy is in stable condition after shooting himself with a handgun, according to a statement on a Go Fund Me page. More >>  A 4-year-old boy is in stable condition after shooting himself with a handgun, according to a statement on a Go Fund Me page.More >> Edgar wins 7th state football championship Edgar wins 7th state football championship Marshfield gets into the holiday spirit with annual parade Marshfield gets into the holiday spirit with annual parade The city of Marshfield held its 17th annual holiday parade on Thursday, and brought together families and friends to enjoy the show. More >> The city of Marshfield held its 17th annual holiday parade on Thursday, and brought together families and friends to enjoy the show.More >> Pittsville woman charged with Craigslist car scam Pittsville woman charged with Craigslist car scam Jordan on the Job - Cranberries Jordan on the Job - Cranberries    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive East Main Street in Barstow to close on evenings, weekends Friday Sep 9, 2016 at 3:50 PM Sep 14, 2016 at 2:58 PM Mike Lamb @mlambdispatch BARSTOW — Work to lower Frontier Communications' optic lines in front of the Super Wal-Mart construction site will close down East Main Street on weekends and after 6 p.m. during the week, according to a city official. "On Sept. 12, this Monday, they are going to start with the Frontier line lowering," Consulting City Engineer Brad Merrell reported to the City Council Tuesday. "Basically, they will have two-way traffic on East Main during working hours with flaggers. "Under those conditions, it will take them three more weeks just to lower the fiber optic lines. And that doesn't include the water lines. We haven't touched that phase. We are only going to do one at a time. So on Monday, they are are going to start with Frontier line." Merrell said the decision by Shames Construction to conduct night and weekend work and keeping traffic flowing during business hours during the week was made after request by Dr. B.V. Reddy at July Council meeting. Reddy owns a veterinary clinic next door to the Humane Society in the 2500 block of East Main Street. Reddy said he was representing many of the businesses and residents along East Main Street affected by the construction that at times blocks traffic for hours. He asked the Council during the public comment period for the city and Wal-Mart contractor to come up with some alternative plans to keep traffic moving. "Speed up the process as much as they can," Reddy said. "Our main priority is to see if you can convince (the contractor) to use one lane only and let the traffic use the other lane at lower speed. Put in some speed bumps. Stuff like that. "They (construction workers) do not work evenings, nights, weekends, holidays. They just come in the mornings at 8 or 9 o'clock and quit at 3, 4 o'clock. Obviously at that speed it will delay the whole job." Mike Lamb can be reached at 760-957-0613 or mlamb@desertdispatch.com. You can also follow him on Twitter @mlambdispatch. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19  Euro +0,358 +0,55 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 09:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 64,61 64,77 15:46 64,60 64,71 15:46 10.09.2016 | 00:29 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said its stores will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after the Indian textile giant were not able to guarantee that the product was made form 100% Egyptian cotton. 'Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund,' Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. Earlier, Walmart's rival Target had also announced it would pull Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds to the customers. Target also cut ended all the dealings with the Indian vendor. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 13:04 Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Kulmbach - Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Martin Weiss, stellvertretender Chefredakteur vom Anlegermagazin "Der Aktionär", rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse... ► Artikel lesen 12:26 Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology ► Artikel lesen 10:58 Walmart: Online-Sparte legt zu - Gewinn sinkt Der Gewinn des weltgrößten Einzelhändlers Walmart sank, verglichen mit 2015, um 8,2 % auf 3 Mrd. Dollar (2,8 Mrd. Euro). Allerdings kann man beim zweiten Blick auf die Zahlen feststellen, dass Walmart... ► Artikel lesen 09:22 BSN Spitouts Ranking: Wal-Mart stürzt im Dow-Ranking ab Diese Ranking-Änderungen hat die Statistikdatenbank des BSN ausgespuckt. ATX Folgende Veränderungen im ytd-Ranking: RBI (1 Platz gutgemacht, von 6 auf 5); dazu, Verbund (-1, von 5 auf 6), CA Immo (+1... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WELSPUN INDIA LTD Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 08:05 Q2FY17 revenue at Welspun India surges 22% ► Artikel lesen Mi Welspun India shares extend fall, dip over 4% on Q2 net loss ► Artikel lesen Mi Welspun India tanks 4% as firm takes Rs 501 crore one-time hit ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Egyptian cotton concerns tip Welspun India into loss ► Artikel lesen Di BRIEF-Welspun India likely to see muted growth in FY18 due to Egyptian cotton issue ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart WAL-MART STORES INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19 +0,55 % WELSPUN INDIA LTD - - Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Wal-Mart Stops Selling Welspun India's Egyptian Cotton Sheets 9/9/2016 6:13 PM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said its stores will stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after the Indian textile giant were not able to guarantee that the product was made form 100% Egyptian cotton. "Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund," Wal-Mart spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. Earlier, Walmart's rival Target had also announced it would pull Egyptian cotton Welspun sheets from its shelves and offering refunds to the customers. Target also cut ended all the dealings with the Indian vendor. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 More Top Stories Japanese Prime Minister Abe Says He Has Great Confidence In Trump Stocks May Show A Lack Of Direction In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Draghi Says ECB Cannot Yet Drop Guard On Eurozone Outlook Wall Street On Slippery Grounds European Shares Fall As Banks And Miners Retreat Asian Shares Recoup Early Losses European Shares To Open On Lackluster Note; Bank Stocks In Focus BSTC Finds New Use For Old Drug, FHCO Gets A Boost, SUPN Put On Notice Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring Asian Markets Mostly Higher Gap Profit Down, Outlook Weak; Shares Down 5% Stocks Close Higher Following Slew Of Data, Yellen Comments - U.S. Commentary Mortgage Rates Surge After Trump Triumph Coca-Cola Creates Selfie Bottle <<Previous        97 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Dipped After Q3 Profit Fell Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Down Following Q3 Report Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Reveals 8% Drop In Q3 Profit Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
null
skip to main content Public Media for Southern New Mexico & Far West Texas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search KRWG KRWG Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Newsmakers Fronteras Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight American Graduate Champions Your Legislators Field Trip! News 22 Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Monday Business Watch Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fronteras Images Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search New Charge Filed in Las Cruces Walmart Incident By News Editor And Partners • Sep 9, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Las Cruces Police have filed a new charge in Magistrate Court against the man suspected of stealing a wallet from a woman who had just exited a local Walmart store. Christian Sanchez, 48, is now charged with a petty misdemeanor count of larceny. LCPD detectives had originally charged Sanchez with felony counts of robbery and conspiracy but the Third Judicial District Attorney’s Office dismissed those charges. Sanchez’s girlfriend, 36-year-old Shana Kowalke, was originally charged with a felony count of conspiracy to commit robbery but that charge also was dismissed by the DA’s Office. She no longer faces charges in this case. Officers were dispatched to the incident that occurred at about 8 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 3, at the Walmart store on Walton Boulevard. Detectives learned that a 19-year-old woman was leaving the store, carrying a bag of ice in each hand, with her wallet tucked underneath one arm. As she exited the store a man wearing a blue and white plaid shirt, later identified as Sanchez, approached from behind and ripped away the wallet from the woman. The victim gave chase as the suspect ran north into the parking lot. The victim yelled for help and caught up to the man, striking him several times in the head. Bystanders helped detain the man until police arrived. Detectives reviewed surveillance video from Walmart that indicates Sanchez and Kowalke were inside the store only a few seconds before Sanchez followed the victim outside. Detectives also have reason to believe that Kowalke helped Sanchez commit the crime by pointing out the victim. Magistrate Court issued a warrant for the arrest of Sanchez. Once he’s detained, he’ll be held on a $2,000 surety bond. Information from Las Cruces Police TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 KRWG Donate Now Search Contact Us Listen LIVE Regional Local Viewpoints KRWG News Video National/World Business Health Sports Weather NM Roads TX Roads Community Events Where to Watch & Listen Radio Schedule TV Schedule PBS and KRWG Video
Latest News Dow 18,887 -16.40 -0.09% Nasdaq 5,339 +4.69 +0.09% S&P 500 2,187 -0.51 -0.02% 9:45 A.M. ET Russell 2000 up 0.1%, in an attempt to stretch win streak to 11 sessions 9:36 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite hits intraday record at 5,346.80 9:33 A.M. ET Donald Trump tabs Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo as CIA director 9:31 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as strong dollar limits gains 9:31 A.M. ET Dow industrials rise 4 points 9:31 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite up 0.1% at 5,340.25 9:31 A.M. ET S&P 500 up 0.1% at 2,188.04 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open little changed but near all-time highs 9:26 A.M. ET Updated A Trump trade war? Why Goldman thinks investors shouldn’t believe the hype 9:21 A.M. ET Shipping stocks on track for big bounces 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET Updated My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Strong dollar keeps U.S. stock gains in check Friday Home Industries Retail/Wholesale The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart to stop selling Welspun India’s Egyptian cotton sheets By Sarah Nassauer and Preetika Rana Published: Sept 9, 2016 5:00 p.m. ET Share Retail giant joins others in questioning advertised cotton content Getty Images Looking for Welspun sheets at Wal-Mart? Look no further. By SarahNassauer PreetikaRana Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would stop selling Egyptian cotton sheets made by Welspun India Ltd., after its investigation found the Indian textile giant couldn’t guarantee the products were legitimate. “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100% Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable,” Wal-Mart WMT, -0.81%  spokeswoman Marilee McInnis said. The world’s biggest retailer is removing the Welspun products from U.S. store shelves and Walmart.com. Wal-Mart said it would offer customers who purchased the products a full refund. It will donate the sheets currently on shelves. The move is the latest blow to the Indian textile company after Target Corp. TGT, -0.30%  last month said it was pulling thousands of Welspun’s “Egyptian cotton” sheets from its shelves and cutting ties with the company after it found Welspun had not used actual Egyptian cotton in the products for about two years. Target’s move spurred other Welspun customers, including Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney Co. JCP, -1.59%  and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. BBBY, -2.59%  also to investigate the products. Penney and Bed Bath & Beyond on Friday didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular now on WSJ.com: Wells Fargo to Pay $185 Million Fine Over Account Openings Opinion: The Trump Blitz Begins Chinese Billionaire Linked to Giant Aluminum Stockpile in Mexican Desert More from MarketWatch Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Elon Musk to the guy who invested his net worth in Tesla: ‘We won’t let you down’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.63 -0.56 (-0.81%) Volume 879.9K Open $68.93 High $69.40 Low $68.52 P/E Ratio 15.03 Div Yield 2.89 Market Cap 220.8B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $75.90 -0.23 (-0.30%) Volume 220.0K Open $75.90 High $76.11 Low $75.72 P/E Ratio 13.58 Div Yield 3.16 Market Cap 43.7B J.C. Penney Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JCP $9.28 -0.15 (-1.59%) Volume 1.1M Open $9.39 High $9.40 Low $9.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.9B Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBBY $43.76 -1.16 (-2.59%) Volume 137.4K Open $44.62 High $44.76 Low $43.51 P/E Ratio 9.07 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 6.8B LatestNews
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Pulls Welspun Not-Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Stores, Offers Refunds Image courtesy of JoelZimmer September 9, 2016 3:50 pm EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup not egyptian welspun fieldcrest egyptian cotton cotton sheets better homes and gardens canopy walmart After Target pulled sheets that it says were mislabeled as Egyptian cotton from its shelves, dropped the supplier, and offered refunds to customers, other stores that carry products from the same supplier conducted their own reviews. Walmart announced today that it will no longer sell the company’s Egyptian cotton sheets and will give shoppers refunds, but won’t drop the company as a supplier like Target did. If you bought Fieldcrest brand Egyptian cotton sheets from Target in the last two years or so, you may be due a refund. The retailer discovered that Welspun had substituted another type of cotton while labeling the sheets as Egyptian cotton, yet the mislabeled products still sold for up to $75. Now Walmart is also issuing refunds, having sold sheets made from the same problematic fiber under its home-goods brands Better Homes & Gardens and Canopy. The retailer promises refunds to customers who bring in the affected sheets, their tags, or a receipt from purchasing the sheets for a refund. “Our customers trust us to provide products that are what they say they are on the label,” a Walmart spokeswoman told Bloomberg Markets. “Welspun has not been able to assure us the products are 100 percent Egyptian cotton, which is unacceptable. While the sheets are excellent quality, we are offering our customers a full refund.” Shoppers pay premium prices for long-fiber cotton types like Pima or Egyptian. This sheet scandal might lead those shoppers to question the entire idea of labeling: if you can’t depend on the label to tell you the origin and contents of a product, what can you depend on? That’s a scary prospect for sheet-makers and retailers alike. The importance of labels is what led Target, Walmart, and another retailer of Welspun products, Bed Bath and Beyond, to review the products and reconsider their relationship with the supplier. Wal-Mart Drops Welspun Egyptian-Cotton Sheets After Review [Bloomberg Markets] September 9, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup not egyptian welspun fieldcrest egyptian cotton cotton sheets better homes and gardens canopy walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related a welspun walmart lawsuit Walmart Sued For Selling Mislabeled Welspun Egyptian Cotton Sheets what's in a name? If You Bought Egyptian Cotton Sheets From Target, You Might Be Getting A Refund not so welspun Bed Bath & Beyond Banishes Welspun Products From Stores Taking a closer look Now Walmart’s Investigating The Sheet Manufacturer That Target Ditched bad bedding Consumers Suing Welspun Over Egyptian Cotton Bedding Made With Inferior Materials Previous Federal Safety Commission Urges Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Owners To Stop Using, Charging Devices; Still No Official Recall Next Why Do Purple Skittles Taste Different Outside The U.S.? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Why Do Purple Skittles Taste Different Outside The U.S.? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1.00/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives UTSA student could get life sentence in soda theft case What your dogs mean when they makes these gestures HPD arrested 82 on felony DWI charges in Sept, Oct 3 Playboy playmates sue Texas strip club over racy ads Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Houston & Texas News Houston Texas Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Education K-12 Zone Blog School Report Card 2014 Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History UTSA student accused of refilling soda without paying, assaulting Houston protest leaders say they're being targeted for arrest FBI, Secret Service join search for missing son of congressman Baytown murder suspect Jesse Dobbs stabbed teen girlfriend US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who Man dressed as ninja breaks into comic book store, steals a What happens to lions and tigers when their cartel owners get Tinder murder case's Gable Tostee in '60 Minutes' interview: 'I Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Derek Carr on Texans, draft: 'They didn't even talk to me one Langham Creek's Kelechi Osemele provides nasty streak for Raiders Breaking down UH's dominant win over Louisville by the numbers Panthers beat Saints in game marred by injuries Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British Airways Bailey Banks & Biddle plans Houston opening at The Galleria World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Wienerschnitzel inks franchise deal for 32 Houston restaurants A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Houston's best and most expensive restaurants It's no decoy: 'Duck Dynasty' to wrap after 11 seasons Latin Grammy Awards 2016: Best and worst dressed Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The heir: 9 things to know about Donald Trump Jr. Scenic Houston's annual dinner breaks two previous records Average cost of Thanksgiving dinner has increased, according to Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/retail/article/Revamped-Walmart-store-reopens-in-West-Houston-9213251.php Revamped Walmart store reopens in west Houston By Mike D. Smith Updated 3:55 pm, Friday, September 9, 2016 Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 1of/20 Caption Close Image 1 of 20 Bob Baktash shopping in the produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Bob Baktash shopping in the produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 2 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 3 of 20 The produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The produce department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 4 of 20 Store manager Jeff Hayden talks customer Carmen Zapata, and her one-year-old son Sebastion, at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) less Store manager Jeff Hayden talks customer Carmen Zapata, and her one-year-old son Sebastion, at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September ... more Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 5 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 6 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 7 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 8 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 9 of 20 Frozen food department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Frozen food department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 10 of 20 The entertainment department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The entertainment department at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 11 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 12 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 13 of 20 Customer Service department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Customer Service department in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 14 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 15 of 20 The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 16 of 20 The pharmacy in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) The pharmacy in the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 17 of 20 Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 18 of 20 Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Employees during the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 19 of 20 Store manager Jeff Hayden, left, and market manager Pedro Andrade at the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September 9, 2016) less Store manager Jeff Hayden, left, and market manager Pedro Andrade at the reopening ceremony at the newly remodeled Walmart Supercenter located at 2700 South Kirkwood. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, September ... more Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 20 of 20 Revamped Walmart store reopens in west Houston 1 / 20 Back to Gallery Walmart marked the grand reopening Friday of a west Houston store, one of hundreds the retailer plans to remodel this year. The store, at 2700 S. Kirkwood, features an expanded produce area, an expanded deli, a new pharmacy and a changed layout of its customer service and pickup areas. Those are among the same changes the retailer plans to complete at about 400 stores nationwide. Walmart officials have said the goal is to increase shopper convenience. Recently in the Houston area, similar changes were made to the Walmart store on Broadway Street in Pearland. Other retailers also are remodeling their store layouts. Recent examples include the Randalls store in Midtown Houston, Fiesta Market on South Wayside Drive and Kroger's three-year program to add and remodel existing stores in the Houston area. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Air Hogs Helix Sentinel 720p Video Drone for $128 + free shipping WalmartPosted 20 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Xbox One S 500GB Console Bundle for $299 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW This Is Your Life Poster for $10 + free shipping That Daily DealPosted 2 hr 14 min ago SHOP NOW Candy Variety Packs: Deals from $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 3 hr ago Latest News Bush IAH one of several U.S. airports in line for British... World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport Wienerschnitzel inks franchise deal for 32 Houston restaurants Port of Houston Authority undertakes new marketing Hay Merchant again opens the cellar for Black Friday UTHealth, Purdue Pharma announce alliance Rice MBA program among top 10 in the nation, best in Texas,... October new vehicle sales show continued downward trend New Carl's Jr. burger restaurant opens in Houston Stage Stores reports lower Q3 earnings Small Business How to Add Wi-Fi to a Dell Desktop How to Auto-Run a Program at Startup on Windows 7 What Is the Meaning of a Payable to Order Promissory Note? SWOT Analysis for a Bank Campaign What Is Business/Semi-Formal Dress for Women? Most Read 1 Scarlett Fakhar says she was fired by KRIV-TV following... 2 Alabama man sentenced to 40 years after murdering man who... 3 Bring a jacket: Houston is about to see a 20+ degree drop in... 4 Alexandria Vera, teacher impregnated by 13-year-old student,... 5 Owners of Houston's V Live Club get locked out, nearly $200K... 6 WWE announces Survivor Series for Houston 7 Mother learns her little girl killed in robbery 8 Toys "R" Us Black Friday 2016 ad circular released 9 FBI, Secret Service join search for missing son of congressman... 10 World's biggest airplane lands at Bush airport View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
null
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out New Brunswick LIVE NB More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NB Maine man jailed for floating to New Brunswick on air mattress John Bennett, 25, had been denied entry into Canada because of mischief charges The Canadian Press Posted: Sep 09, 2016 2:31 PM AT Last Updated: Sep 09, 2016 3:42 PM AT Motorists from St. Stephen, N.B., wait to go through U.S. Customs at Calais, Maine in this 2006 file photo. Officials say a 25-year-old American man denied entry to Canada at this border crossing later tried a different route: using an air mattress to float across the nearby St. Croix River. (Robert F. Bukaty/Associated Press) A young U.S. resident, driven by what he said was a desire to protect his Canadian girlfriend, used an air mattress to float across the St. Croix River in southeastern Maine and illegally enter New Brunswick late Wednesday, a Crown prosecutor says. Twenty-five-year-old John Bennett told police he had earlier tried to cross the border at Calais, Maine, but customs officers denied him entry because he was facing mischief charges in the U.S., lawyer Peter Thorn said Thursday. "He was told by the officer that until he got those cleared up, he wouldn't be admitted into Canada," the prosecutor said. Bennett was sentenced Thursday to two months in jail. Thorn said the provincial court in Saint John, N.B., was told Bennett purchased an air mattress at the local Walmart, inflated it and later used a wooden board to paddle across to an area near Ledge Road, southeast of St. Stephen, N.B. However, a local resident spotted the man, and he was later arrested by the RCMP and charged with failing to appear at the border crossing as required by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. "He was wet and carrying his boots ... [and] walking towards the town," said Thorn, a lawyer representing the federal Public Prosecution Service of Canada. Before Bennett pleaded guilty to the charge Thursday, he told police he had to reach his pregnant girlfriend in Canada because he was worried for her safety, Thorn said. "He said she had an ex-boyfriend who was threatening her, but that hasn't been confirmed by the other party," he said. Bennett has no fixed address but is believed to live in Calais. The prosecutor said he had heard of people swimming across the river before, but he said the air mattress method was a novel approach. As for the judge hearing the case, Thorn said he told the accused: "Pardon the pun, but it seems to me you wanted to get there, come hell or high water." A 25-year-old American bought an air mattress at the Walmart in Calais, Maine, and was arrested after using it to cross the St. Croix River and illegally enter Canada. (Google Maps) © The Canadian Press, 2016 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Fredericton Cloudy 7°C Saint John Mist 6°C Moncton Cloudy 7°C Bathurst Mainly Sunny 7°C Oromocto Cloudy 6°C More Weather | Latest New Brunswick News Headlines T.J. Burke faces discipline hearing on conflict-of-interest charges Incoming Horizon Health Network CEO prepares for tough conversations Fecal contamination from humans, dogs, cows found in Shediac Bay study Dual busing system unlikely to see changes, say school districts Fredericton announces location of new Playhouse Must Watch Video Historic quilt delivery doesn't go as planned 0:44 Things hit a bit of a snag during the attempt to return the Confederation Quilt to the Hampton's Kings Country Museum on Thursday. Video Pink-footed goose on the loose 0:28 His flight was supposed to go to Europe, but this pink-footed goose instead ended up on a golf vacation in Fredericton. Hardly par for the course, say excited birdwatchers. Video How about smoothies instead of slushies? 1:11 A nutrition teacher at Bernice MacNaughton High School in Moncton is calling on Anglophone East School District to enforce the nutritional policies implemented by the Education Department. Video Cats at Moncton shelter stricken by respiratory infection 0:58 A highly contagious respiratory infection is making its way through the rescue cat population at the Greater Moncton SPCA. Top News Headlines Did Trudeau tip his hand on NAFTA? Not while Trump's trade talk is all rhetoric: Chris Hall read comments Why were no SQ officers charged in Val-d'Or abuse scandal? Crown will explain today These are the most ticketed parking spots in Canada December rate rise almost certain as U.S. Fed chair resolves she won't cave in to Trump: Don Pittis Experts urge Liberals to update 'embarrassingly bad' Criminal Code read comments Most Viewed New Brunswick man found guilty in Quebec maple syrup heist Marissa Shephard charged with assaulting guard at Miramichi jail Video of young woman being assaulted by 3 others being investigated in Campbellton Haneytown man says Base Gagetown helicopters affecting health Gallant government abandons school bus duality court case 2 people killed in collision with transport truck near Allardville 5 teen girls face charges in assault of another teen girl in Campbellton New Brunswick cougars are likely escaped pets, not eastern cougars Woman killed while attempting to cross Bayside Drive around 9:30 p.m. Devin Morningstar, 19, guilty of 1st-degree murder of Moncton teen Baylee Wylie Saint John sends back cheque for fertilizer plant land Bouctouche woman wants mental-health system to protect son and community Don't Miss Analysis Is Trump's tough talk on trade all bluster? Business leaders shouldn't wait to find out Crown to explain its decision not to press charges in Val-d'Or abuse scandal What are the worst places to park in Canada? Here's what the data says Analysis U.S. Fed's Janet Yellen throws down the gauntlet on Trump's economic prescription: Don Pittis Experts urge Liberals to update 'embarrassingly bad' Criminal Code New Inflation in Canada ticks up to 1.5% despite cheaper groceries New Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, official says Niagara West-Glanbrook elects Ontario's youngest ever MPP Updated Racist graffiti spray-painted on Parkdale United Church, Ottawa Muslim Association Opinion The banks are poised to meet their scariest competition yet: blockchain CBC Investigates Should police be able to force you to hand over your digital passwords? Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Trudeau and Argentina's president say trade — not protectionism — will help the poor, unemployed Kurdish PM opposes Canada's 'organized migration' of Yazidis Health ministers meet in Ottawa to develop opioid crisis plan Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
null
null
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What's in Store for Holiday Season? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer on Kroger's Disappointing Quarterly Results Jim Cramer says there's a big price war going on, especially since Walmart, Target and Amazon's move into the food space. Jim Cramer Rhonda Schaffler Sep 9, 2016 12:23 PM EDT TheStreet's Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer said there's a big price war going on, especially since Walmart ( WMT) , Target ( TGT) and Amazon's ( AMZN) move into the food space. 'The supermarket chains did not see this coming and they're going to have to make some changes,' Cramer said. Kroger ( KR) lowered its full-year guidance on Friday. At the time of publication, Jim Cramer's charitable trust Action Alerts PLUS held no positions in stocks mentioned. If you liked this article you might like Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart The sector has posted strong results, but is the momentum sustainable? Matt Thalman Nov 18, 2016 9:01 AM EST What's in Store for Holiday Season? It's now game on for all consumer companies Brian Sozzi Nov 18, 2016 9:00 AM EST In Case You Missed It Thursday: Tesla-SolarCity Deal Gets Shareholder Stamp of Approval Walmart WMT, rate hikes and Tesla TSLA, oh my! Those are some of the biggest headlines on Wall Street this Thursday. Emily Stewart Nov 17, 2016 5:01 PM EST Walmart (WMT) Sacrificing Short-Term Results to Stay Relevant Walmart (WMT) reported a revenue miss for the 2017 third quarter before Thursday's opening bell. Natalie Walters Nov 17, 2016 4:25 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending Eli Lilly's Alzheimer's Drug Study Results Are Coming -- Here's What Investors Need to Know These 5 Stocks Are Turning 'Toxic' Is Nvidia Too Hot to Handle? 15 Great Jobs Where Workers Can Earn Over $100K a Year Jim Cramer's Top Takeaways: Salesforce.com, Wells Fargo Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
null
News Crime & Courts Women use $4,000 in counterfeit money to buy gift cards, police say Chespeake police are searching for the women in these photos in connection to a counterfeit money scheme, where they used $4,000 in fake cash to purchase gift cards from Wal-Mart.   (Michele Canty) Michele CantyContact ReporterDaily Press Women use $4,000 in counterfeit money to by gift cards, police say Privacy Policy Chesapeake police are looking for six women who they say used counterfeit money to buy gift cards at Wal-Mart. According to police reports, the women entered a Wal-Mart in the 1500 block of Sam's Circle and purchased $4,000 in Visa and MasterCard gift cards with money that turned out to be fake.  Police ask anyone with information on the crime or identities of the women to send a text with CHESTIP to 274637 or submit a tip online at www.chesapeakecrimeline.org.  Follow Canty on Twitter @DPMCanty. Follow the Daily Press @Daily_Press. Copyright © 2016, Daily Press tronc Trending Videos Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 53°
Skip to content ⓱orbits Tech + Gear + Space + Misc Menu Search About Contact Twitter Sponsorship Search for: Search ⓱apple – Get a 15% Discount on the Apple Music Family Sharing Plan On September 7, 2016October 3, 2016 By DrDrewIn Technology Best Buy, Walmart and PayPal are offering a $99 Apple gift card good for a one year prepaid subscription to Apple’s music streaming service. That’s normally a $120 commitment given the monthly service cost of $9.99 x 12 months for the Individual Membership. Apple prominently promotes the $21 annual savings as equivalent to two months of “free” Apple Music. The 17.5% discount brings the effective monthly rate down to just $8.25/mo.  There is no equivalent prepaid card for the Family Membership because of the inherent savings this plan offers. This plan can be shared with up to six people in your household. That’s a great value – – even at the non-discounted price.  Your best option on the Family Plan is this deal on eBay that nets a 15% discount. This $100 iTunes gift card* (2 x $50) is delivered via e-mail in minutes directly from PayPal Digital Gifts. It’s currently reduced to just $85. You can redeem it on your iPhone and apply the account credit towards your monthly Apple Music family membership.  And don’t forget that your first 3 months are always free with the initial trial membership. Qualified students get the best deal at just $4.99/mo.   Apple Music gets better all the time and now you can get it at 15-17% off. Crank it up.  *If the listing is temporarily sold out just check back in a day or two. This link will be updated as inventory is replenished or when new deals are announced Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related AppleApple MusicBest Buygift carditunesWalmart Post navigation Previous ⓱iPhone – No Lines at Apple Stores for the iPhone 7. But That’s Okay Next ⓱utilities – Change Your macOS User Account and Home Folder Names Follow ⓱orbits on WordPress.com Search for: Search Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Recent Posts Apple’s Newest USB-C Dongles — All 24 of them Re-Enabling the Startup Chime on the 2016 MacBook Pro ⓱Apple – Where Have All the ‘iPhone-Killers’ Gone? ⓱mobile – AT&T Waives Data Limits and Late Payment Fees in Areas Impacted by Hurricane Matthew Road Kill – Apple Knocks Off 3 Competitors in a Month ⓱life – YouTube’s “Good Guy of the Year” ⓱fitness – Real-Time Heart Rate Monitoring with Apple Watch ⓱news – HP Intentionally Bricks Printers with a Firmware Update – Cites Security Risk Nonsense ⓱lifehacks – 6 Bizzare Amazon Dash Buttons (and 17 Incredibly Useful Ones) ⓱deals – Stock Up on Extra-Long Apple Lightning Cables for Just $10 each ⓱news – iOS 10 Adoption Surpasses Android’s Latest Offerings In Just SIX Days ⓱news – Samsung Botches Exchange Program  – Galaxy Note 7 Users Still at Risk ⓱opinion – the Unapologetically Imperfect iPhone 7 ⓱gear – The Ultimate Battery Pack – Now with a BUILT-IN Lightning Connector and AC Charger ⓱apple – New TV Spots for Series 2 Apple Watch and iPhone 7 ⓱deals – Amazon Prime Adds New Member Benefits ⓱iOS – Find Your Missing Apple Watch Using iCloud and iPhone  ⓱help – Official iOS 10 User Guide for the iPhone – Now FREE from Apple ⓱features – Turning on Apple TV’s New ‘Dark Mode’ with Only ONE Button Press ⓱news – The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 BANNED by the U.S. Government  ⓱gear – Amazon’s Echo Just Released in New “Dot” Form Factor – Get One FREE ⓱sports – Watch The NFL on Twitter – Starting Today ⓱life – Steve’s Wish – The True Definition of Courage ⓱applefixthis – Updating to watchOS 3.0 from the iOS Beta Program [THE FIX] ⓱food – Best Guacamole Ever. My Recipe ⓱gear – Never Lose Your AirPods ⓱diy – Build a Super Fast 27 inch iMac for $520 ⓱humor – The REAL Reason Apple Got Rid of the Audio Jack ⓱This Years #1 Christmas Gift – Inexpensive Bluetooth Headphones ⓱utilities – Change Your macOS User Account and Home Folder Names Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 Search 17orbits Search for: Search Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Follow ⓱orbits on WordPress.com Powered by WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Texas mattress store closes after posting controversial 9/11 advert Ad ended with two members of staff falling screaming into two towers of mattresses Feliks Garcia New York @feliksjose Friday 9 September 2016 14:45 BST Click to follow The Independent US Popular videos Alzheimer's Research imagines Christmas without Santa in powerful ad Donald Trump doesn't understand what Citizen Kane is about Inter Milan contact Gerrard over signing former Liverpool captain Trump calls for Muslim registry in newly emerged video despite denials A Texas mattress retailer will close "indefinitely" following a controversy with an advertisement promoting its “Twin Tower” sale in honour of the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.  Staff of Miracle Mattress in San Antonio posted a video to Facebook to highlight the weekend sale, offering any size mattress for the price of a twin, or single.  Read more Florida Walmart dismantles 9/11 memorial made from Coca-Cola products “What better way to remember 9/11 than with a Twin Tower sale,” store manager Cherisse Bonanno said before two other employees fall backwards into a two stacks of mattresses that resembled the World Trade Centre's Twin Towers. “We'll never forget,” Ms Bonanno says after the fall. The video went viral on multiple social media channels Thursday evening. By Friday afternoon, the store's doors had been shuttered with a note announcing its indefinite closure, San Antonio Express-News reported.  “Effective immediately, our Miracle Mattress store will be closed indefinitely,” storeowner Mike Bonanno said in the letter. “We will be silent through the 9/11 anniversary to avoid any further distractions from a day of recognition and remembrance for the victims and their families. "We take full responsibility for our actions and sincerely regret the hurt and pain caused by this disrespectful advertising campaign.” The store had issued an apology Friday morning.  “We are very sorry we have offended you,” the company said in a now deleted statement on Facebook. “Our intentions were not to hurt anyone at all. Our staff is full of military and some relatives have passed away due to 9/11.”  Revealed: 9/11, as seen from the skies 12 show all Revealed: 9/11, as seen from the skies 1/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 2/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 3/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 4/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 5/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 6/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 7/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 8/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 9/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 10/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 11/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger 12/12 AP Photo/NYPD, via ABC News, Det. Greg Semendinger Mr Bonanno said the video was posted the the location’s Facebook page without the permission of the Houston-based corporate office.  “I say this unequivocally, with sincere regret: the video is tasteless and an affront to the men and women who lost their lives on 9/11,” he said, adding that the company will review its marketing strategy. The controversy comes days after a Florida Walmart location dismantled a display of Coca-Cola products arranged to illustrate the Twin Towers. Store management did not realise it would offend people until a photo of the arrangement spread through Twitter.  Last surviving 9/11 search dog saluted in hero's send-off in Texas “We stopped and stared at it like, ‘Oh my God,’” Shawn Richard, who photographed the display, told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled.” Outrage over the two adverts marks another chapter highlighting the seemingly annual struggles of brands and companies to capitalise on the deadliest terrorist attack on US soil, that claimed the lives of nearly 3,000 people. In 2013, AT&T tweeted out an image featuring a hand holding a smartphone against the New York City skyline – the 9/11 memorial Tribute in Light appeared in the screen in place of the Twin Towers.  Read more Clint Eastwood defends scenes of planes crashing into skyscrapers in Sully, due out 9/11 anniversary weekend George Carlin comedy routine shelved after 9/11 to be broadcast 9/11 report: Secret 28 pages showing possible Saudi links released by US Congress The tweet was up for an hour before the company removed it after Twitter users lashed out at the telecommunications company.  Although the AT&T sent out a second tweet with an apparent apology, but many users felt it was disingenuous. “We apologise to anyone who felt our post was in poor taste,” they said in the tweet. “The image was solely meant to pay respect to those affected by the 9/11 tragedy." More about: september 11 Texas Reuse content Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Weather 47° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Your Pics Video Blazers Prep Sports Contests Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Walmart: Coke display stacked like twin towers removed The Associated Press , WVEC 2:43 PM. PDT September 08, 2016 Courtesy @online_shawn via Twitter (Photo: Twitter screenshot) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST NEW YORK (AP) - Walmart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store has been removed and wasn't meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 attack. The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers built with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Walmart said the display was removed Wednesday. It said, "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard." The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honor local firefighters. It apologized and said the display has been replaced. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Men spot shark attacking seal in Columbia River Adoptee to be deported to South Korea Voting record of arrested protesters Video appears to show shark attacking seal Teens arrested for vandalism at Roosevelt HS Burglary Investigation: Part 2 PPS supports undocumented immigrants Fact-checking social media protest rumors Renovated Lloyd Center ice rink reopens Family covers swastika vandalism with love More Stories Vancouver man adopted at 3 deported to South Korea Nov 17, 2016, 10:34 p.m. Alabama Sen. Session Trump's top pick for AG Nov 18, 2016, 6:34 a.m. 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' actress Lisa Lynn… Nov 18, 2016, 5:44 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Closings Weather Alerts Radars Live Cameras hyperlocal-radars More... Weather Blog Ski Reports Earthquakes Oregon River Levels Health Detail Location Search Local It's Portland KGW Investigates Business Crime Consumer Politics More... News Links Technology Live at 7 More Roseburg School Shootings Blogs Community Calendar Breaking Newsletters National Politics Vancouver News Clackamas County Willamette Valley Marion County North Coast News Eastern Oregon News Washington County Central Coast News Southern Oregon News Gresham News Central Oregon Western Washington Black Friday Community News Education Headlines On Demand Papal Visit Special Reports Oregon News Robotics Shred Redirect Homeless Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Ways to Save Nation Now Traffic Alerts Cameras Gas Prices @KGWTraffic Maps TripCheck More... PDX Flight Updates Sports Olympics Blazers Timbers Mariners Ducks Beavers More... High School Sports Super Bowl More Vikings Winterhawks Seahawks Thorns NCAA Basketball Tournament Sports Sunday World Cup Features Entertainment Health Straight Talk Grants Getaways Drew Carney Portland Today More... Travel Cassidy Quinn Contests Magnify Money Gold Buyers More KGW Archive ACM Awards Actively Northwest Animals Crossword Cup of Joe Going Green Holidays Greater Portland Today Live @ 7 Mad About Movies Making a Difference Oscars Pets of the Day Rachel's Challenge Shot of the Day redirect-contests Trending Today Redirect - Stepping Up Sunrise /getahead Santa Tracker TD Jakes Station Break Growth Thankful About Meet The Team Jobs Contact TV Listings Advertise with Us Closed Captioning More... Viewer Technical FAQs Quick Links jobs redirect Newslinks Community Calendar NBC Shows Contests Justice Network RSS Connect With Us E-mail Newsletters FAQ Terms Privacy Ad Choices FCC Public Inspection File Community Rules Conversation Guidelines Roku Cobrand Header Whats On NBC Cobrand Footer Survey © 2016 KGW-TV Services Advertise With Us KGW Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Opinion Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Dallas' North-South Gap Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Richard Drew/The Associated Press As 9/11 would prove, we Americans just don't do unity very well Filed under Commentary at Sep 9 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Mike Hashimoto, Editorial Writer Connect with Mike Hashimoto On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now We are so far removed from 9/11 that it takes a prompt to remember that sense of national unity that must have prevailed in the weeks and months after, as we tried to understand the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil. There were signs. Candlelight vigils, moments of silence. Wal-Mart sold 116,000 American flags on Sept. 11, 2001, and another 250,000 the next day. We queued up to donate blood. Members of Congress, left and right, literally embraced. Extreme voices, left and right, were shushed by normal allies, at least for a moment. There was respect and grieving for more than 3,000 people killed that day, including 400 police officers and firefighters, at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville, Pa. The individual acts of heroism on 9/11 and in the aftermath will live forever. Yet a senior at DeSoto High School, just south of Dallas, saw something else among his classmates on that momentous day: "They talked about how they failed their tests, whining about everyday things when thousands of people just died," Alvin Grissom told this newspaper. "It shows how desensitized we are, not like the generation before us." Or not. After all the outpouring, after all the blood was donated and that last Wal-Mart flag had faded, all we were left with was ourselves. It's a little sad, in a way, but not as much as I once thought. The rush of patriotism and resolve after 9/11 was America. Alvin's classmates at DeSoto High School were, too. So was our mobilization against terror that would include war efforts in Afghanistan and then Iraq. So were the knuckleheads who attacked Muslims, for looking too much like terrorists, and even Sikhs, for looking too much like Muslims. And the political hard-liners on both sides who tapped their feet impatiently, eager to put all this commonality aside for a headlong rush back to the partisan trenches. I hope I'm not bursting your bubble, but does a unified vision, a national sense of purpose, in any way comport with your view of America and Americans? Then, now or ever? How is our latest national conversation on (please insert your favorite topic) going? Today, we ask, "What happened to that 9/11 unity?" The Associated Press cited the Gallup poll of our national pride, taken annually since 9/11, and found we had retracted to an all-time low. From a high of 70 percent in 2003 who said they were "extremely proud" to be Americans, by June of this year it was down to 52 percent. Democrats who want to blame George W. Bush can point to a drop to 58 percent by the end of his second term. Republicans pointing a finger at Barack Obama can note steady declines over his two terms, with never a year of improvement. They are our only post-9/11 presidents. One of them must be at fault, right? And it's a bit ironic to ask about unity this year, as we endure one of the most painfully campaigned presidential elections in history. Donald Trump's weaknesses as the Republican nominee are well chronicled, day after day after day. Hillary Clinton's failings as the Democrats' nominee are less trod but no less striking. To say they are talking past one another — and probably most voters — is an understatement. Not to mention their surrogates and spokespeople. I mean, a little incivility livens up the newspaper, but seriously. And if unity seems far away now, how must it have seemed in the months before 9/11, when many had long since invalidated the Bush presidency over the hanging-chad election of 2000? That wasn't too divisive, was it? Or the Clinton impeachment era. Or Iran-Contra. Or Jimmy Carter, Richard Nixon, the '60s and Vietnam and two world wars and on and on. The iconic Ground Zero flag, raised by firefighters above the site of the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center, is on display at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum after going missing for several years. Spencer Platt/Getty Images Without taking a side on any of it, apparently possible only in the hypothetical, can we agree that unity ain't us? This isn't a modern construct: Some of my more veteran colleagues remind me of a certain Civil War, among other issues of division; even older ones insist they were told that some colonists were perfectly happy to stay in King George's orbit. Politically, America today has been short-handed as a 50-50 nation, which is mostly true. I'd peg it more specifically at 40-40, with 20 percent too busy with real life to care, or dozing their time away. Maybe 9/11 was, for a last, fleeting moment, that place we think we remember from days gone by, when a Greatest Generation linked arms to turn back the Nazis or a Silent Generation stood against Cold War communists. Unity and unanimity aren't necessarily the same. (And if you want a little unity, take heart that roughly 9 in 10 Americans hold Congress in very low esteem.) If you long for that post-9/11 feeling, consider that it would take an event at least as cataclysmic to stir in us similar patriotic fervor. And recognize that that would last about as long, which is not very. America was conceived as a place to compete and succeed, to make a life and pursue happiness, to believe as we wish. I'm happy for you and everyone else to agree with me (Unity!) as you would be for me and everyone else to go your way. (Mistake!) So we won't all run in the same direction, and that's just fine. In fact, that's the way it was meant to be. View Comments Tags Commentary Opinion Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Opinion More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Parsons Prom Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg via GettyCampus Life Chipotle Will Deliver Burritos by Drone to Virginia Tech This is not a drill. facebook dialog Pinterest Lily HermanSep 9, 2016 9:46AM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest Walmart, Amazon, Dominoes Pizza, and all sorts of other corporations have been vying to be the first company to offer drone delivery services in the States, but it looks like that honor will go to the noble quest of delivering burritos to hungry college students instead. Fast-casual food chain Chipotle and Google's parent company Alphabet just announced that they will be testing a new drone food delivery program at Virginia Tech this month for the next couple of weeks, reports Bloomberg. The test is part of Project Wing, a unit of Alphabet, and even though it seems small, the experiment had to go through numerous channels (including the Federal Aviation Authority and even The White House) to get approval. What are these glorious Chipotle drones testing? The biggest points of experimentation are food package longevity (how long can food stay warm and intact?) and drone integrity to ensure that food can be properly and safely delivered. The hope of many organizations looking to get in the drone delivery game is that this test will pave the way for more action in the field. "It’s the first time that we’re actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff,” Project Wing lead Dave Vos told Bloomberg when explaining how groundbreaking the test is. And how does Virginia Tech feel about all of this? The university's president, Tim Sands, had a sense of humor in a statement he made about the project: "Last year while discussing the entrepreneurial spirit at Virginia Tech, I jokingly speculated we might one day have quadcopters delivering ramen noodles around campus — apparently I wasn’t off by much." The question is, will guac still be extra if it's delivered by drone? Related: This Menu Hack Will Save You Up to $5 at Chipotle (So You Can Spend it On Extra Guac) follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest What do you think? Comments Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast WebsitesCondé Nast Websites- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -AllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerConciergeDetailsEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQHotel ChatterJauntedLuckyNutritionDataRedditSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVegas ChatterVogueWWired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2016 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related My LifeFind Out the Details of Chipotle's New Restaura… My LifeThere's a New High Tech Way to Crack Down on Ch… My LifeInstagram Is About to Make Another Major Change to …
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Finding New Stories in Domestic Manufacturing, Part 2 by Debbi G McCullough September 9, 2016 Share this! Some of the largest Fortune 500 companies are bringing factory jobs back to U.S. shores. American flag photo via Pixabay A growing number of American companies are reshoring part or all of their operations to the U.S., a major theme in this election year. This blog looks at five Fortune 500 firms bringing manufacturing home, and focuses on story angles business reporters can use. General Electric Co. In 2011, General Electric brought the manufacturing of its energy-efficient water heaters back to Louisville, Kentucky after years of building the devices in China. USA Today reports that the move returned hundreds of manufacturing and engineering jobs to the States. The American Manufacturers Association also notes that over the past seven years General Electric has made high-efficiency light bulbs and batteries on American soil, adding 2,656 jobs. The Reshoring Initiative, a nonprofit advocacy group, reports the reasons for the switch: government incentives, the ability to improve business processes, and overseas issues such inventory control, currency changes, freight costs and personnel risks. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The mammoth retailer is one the biggest American companies to reshore operations. Although it remains a major importer of goods from China, 2013 saw the launch of Walmart’s Made in America initiative. The company pledged that by 2030, it would purchase $250 billion of products made, sourced or grown in the U.S. The American Manufacturers Association reports that the program has already brought 4,838 jobs back to America. Walmart hopes its efforts can create 1 million jobs in America, according to Boston Consulting Group. Ford Motor Co. In 2015, Ford brought back part of its operations from Mexico and Spain to Avon Lake, Ohio, creating 3,200 manufacturing jobs in the process. Some of the company’s truck models and engines are also being manufactured in the U.S. 24/7 Wall Street reports that along with state tax breaks, improving manufacturing quality and reducing shipping costs were the biggest incentives for these moves. Boeing Co. In Fall 2014, Boeing announced plans to reshore the manufacturing of its 777 series passenger jets to its St. Louis plant. Completing the process will likely take until 2017. Puget Sound Business Journal reports that Boeing’s incentive are tied to its goal of “zero growth in greenhouse gas emissions over the decade ending in 2017.” Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar has brought some of its manufacturing from Japan and Mexico to several plants across the U.S., including Victoria, Texas, and Athens, Georgia. San Antonio Business Journal reports that moving its construction equipment manufacturing operations from Mexico to Texas will bring around 200 jobs to region, and benefit both dealers and customers. Reporter’s Takeaways More U.S. companies are attempting to restore jobs to Americans by bringing back part or all of its operations from overseas. The Reshoring Initiative is an excellent resource for researching specific cases. The Walmart Made in America initiative alone, through which the retailer pledges to purchase $250 billion of products made, sourced or grown in the states by 2030, hopes to restore 1 million jobs to the country. Look into the incentives for companies to bring manufacturing back to the U.S.; state tax brakes, supply chain costs and green initiatives may play a role. Debbi G McCullough runs Hanging Rock Media. She writes and edits for the Guardian’s Guardian Labs, Washington Post’s WP BrandStudio and the Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. She also teaches business communication part-time at the UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School and is a United Nations Foundations press fellow 2016. Related Posts Finding New Stories in Domestic Manufacturing, Part 1 domestic manufacturing made in America reshoring Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, Nov. 18 Share this!JPMorgan Chase settles bribery case for $264 million JPMorgan November 18, 2016 Staff Editor to Freelance Writer: 4 Tips for a Successful Career Transition Share this!Whether or not to go freelance might be one November 18, 2016 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Coverage tips, story ideas and training opportunities. Get our latest content first. Subscribe to our mailing list Powered by WordPress Popup
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Sat, Nov 19, 2016, 1:46 AM AEDT - Australia Markets closed Britain charges three ex-Tesco execs over accountsAFP – Fri, Sep 9, 2016 1:21 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart Britain's Serious Fraud Office on Friday charged three former executives of Tesco with fraud and false accounting in a criminal probe into an accounting scandal at the supermarket giant. Carl Rogberg, Chris Bush and John Scouler -- Tesco's former UK finance chief, UK managing director and food commercial head respectively -- were charged with one count of fraud by abuse of position and one count of false accounting. The three men will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on September 22, the SFO said in a statement, adding its investigation was still ongoing. The SFO launched a criminal probe into Tesco in October 2014 after the company revealed it had overstated profits by an amount which has since risen to as much as £326 million ($435 million, 386 million euros). The alleged activity occurred between February 2014 and September 2014, according to the SFO. Tesco, which is Britain's biggest retailer, said it will continue to cooperate with the probe. "We note the decision of the SFO to bring a prosecution against former colleagues in relation to historic issues and acknowledge the investigation into the company is ongoing. Tesco continues to co-operate with the SFO's investigation," it said in a brief statement. "The last two years have seen an extensive programme of change at Tesco, but given this is an ongoing legal matter, we are unable to provide any further comment at this time." The supermarket titan was plunged into crisis two years ago after it admitted overstating profits in an accounting error. In recent years, the group has also been hit hard by fierce competition in main market Britain, particularly from German-owned discount retailers Aldi and Lidl -- but also from Asda, Morrisons and Sainsbury's. In a bid to turn around its fortunes, Tesco appointed outsider and former Unilever executive Dave Lewis in July 2014 to replace long-standing chief executive Philip Clarke and oversee a drastic restructuring. Tesco is the world's third-biggest supermarket group after France's Carrefour and global leader and US giant Wal-Mart. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Water fight could drench backpacker billAAP A stoush over water reform could sink the government's hopes of getting its backpacker tax through parliament. … VW to cut 30,000 jobs, 23,000 in GermanyAAP Kogan welcomes prospect of AmazonAAP Crean enlisted to help Latrobe ValleyAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7379 -0.0036 -0.49% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5973 +0.0004 +0.07% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.6950 -0.0027 -0.39% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Golden pheasant Health insurance ISIS Melbourne Cheap international flights 457 visa program Mobile phone Leonard Cohen Adelaide Accommodation Brendan Dassey iPad Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
null
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads Doe’s replicating its steak and tamales formula Hancock panel hires adviser for development plan Drought threatens planting of Mississippi’s wheat crop Officials hope to attract more visitors, extend their stays with program reboot CYBER HACK — Market for specialty cyber insurance expanding, but there’s much to learn JOSH MABUS — Break the unwritten rules Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction Mississippi 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Home » OPINION » Columns » TODD SMITH — Social media overtakes TV as main source of news for millennials TODD SMITH — Social media overtakes TV as main source of news for millennials Posted by: Contributing Columnist in Columns, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, OPINION, Technology September 9, 2016 TODD SMITH The 18-24 crowd (younger Millennials) has used the internet as its primary source for news for several years. Now it is specifying “social media” as its main source of news, with that niche overtaking television for the first time. The information comes from a study done by The Oxford University Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism. It looked at consumers of news and information around the world for its “Reuters Institute Digital News Report 2016.” This is the fifth year it has issued such a report. It’s a fascinating report. Twenty-eight percent of 18-24 year-olds say social media is their main source of news, compared to 24 percent who cite television. Since 2013, the number of people in the US who say they get their news from social media has doubled – 46 percent now use social media for news. A lot of news sites are ramping up their development of video, betting on it as a growth strategy. Ad revenue is better on video. But the study finds the news audience isn’t so keen on seeing video. More than three-quarters still rely on text. Many find video inconvenient, with 35 percent citing pre-roll advertisements as an annoyance. News tends to be consumed at work—and the person in the cubicle next to you isn’t always thrilled to hear the full-blast volume of a Geico ad. When it comes to social media, Facebook rules the roost for sharing news. 44 percent of the survey respondents say they use Facebook for news, compared to just 10 percent from Twitter. 19 percent use YouTube for news. Snapchat, which is new to the news game, only registered one percent. We love to share news. A quarter of us share news via social media at least once a week. An interesting note: people in the US generally share stories they approve of, but people in the UK are more likely to share stories about things they don’t like. Read into national character what you will. What do social media news users want most? Breaking news. And this year, for the first time, the study tracked users of smart watches. They, too, want breaking news most on their device. The study is comprehensive and well worth a read. The audience keeps shifting, and the only thing that’s predictable is that it gets more social and more fragmented in a digital world in motion! Brands pitch in on Louisiana flood relief Following historic floods in Louisiana, numerous brands pitching-in on relief efforts. Target, Walmart, Starbucks and Tide all contributed in the wake of the epic rainfall that flooded the area with more than 6.9 trillion gallons of water in August. Target, which has six stores and over 1,000 staffers in the Baton Rouge area and other affected areas, has pitched in with volunteers and distribution of water and gift cards to local nonprofits. The retailer has also donated $100,000 each to the Salvation Army and American Red Cross. Similarly, Walmart announced that its foundation will give $1 million to various nonprofits including the Greater Baton Rouge Food Bank in support. In total, the retail chain is committing $1.5 million for food and supplies. “We have been working closely with nonprofit partners, first responders, elected officials and governmental organizations to learn how we can use our strengths to help,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation, in a statement. In late August, Tide, which is owned by Procter & Gamble, sent its Loads of Hope truck to Baton Rouge in order to collect, wash and dry laundry free of charge for victims affected by the floods. P&G also handed out cleaning products including Mr. Clean and Swiffer. Duracell also sent its truck with batteries and a charging station. Starbucks donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross, and the brand encouraged customers and employees to text “LAFLOODS” to 90999 in order to donate $10 to the relief fund. Some brands have taken their efforts in an untraditional direction. Pizza Hut started a GoFundMe page asking for contributions to help staffers affected by the tragedy. In addition, the Ad Council and GSD&M recently unveiled a black-and-white ad, “Our Turn,” in response to the disaster, which is the country’s worst since 2012’s Hurricane Katrina. The film, which includes a voiceover from Matthew McConaughey, directs viewers to OurTurntoHelp.org. Candy brands honor Gene Wilder, Willy Wonka News of actor Gene Wilder’s death took the internet by storm, and opened a flood of candy-inspired, tributes to the “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” from colleagues, fans and – Inevitably – candy brands. During his long career, Wilder was known for many films including the Oscar-nominated “Young Frankenstein” and “Blazing Saddles.” But sweet-toothed brands have been chiming in on Twitter to thank the star for his contributions to, you guessed it, the world of chocolate for his turn as Willy Wonka. The 90-year-old chocolatier Godiva Chocolates shared a tribute with its 17,200 followers: “Thank you Gene Wilder for making chocolate truly magical, the original Willy Wonka.” Also, the Twitter account for U.K. candy brand New Berry Fruits chose “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” as its film of the day. Smaller brands like candy retailer McMillers Sweets have also chimed in. It RIP’d the actor as the “original Candyman.” While the tweets have attracted only positive remarks – and reminiscent smiles – so far, brands that choose to grieve celebrities publicly enter murky territory. There are big risks when it comes to summoning personal tragedy – particularly when your tribute mentions your product in the same breath. Case in point: Crocs deleted its tribute to the late David Bowie (a shoe overlaid with the singer’s iconic lightning bolt) after Twitter users criticized it as opportunistic. Equally, Cheerios irked Prince fans with an RIP tweet that dotted the “I” with a single Cheerio. Other messages for Wilder were more personal. DeBrand Fine Chocolates simply wrote that the actor was a childhood inspiration. While Dandelion Chocolate, a bean-to-bar factory in San Francisco, added that it showed Wilder’s 1971 classic every year. Sweet memories, indeed, for one of our world’s greatest actors. Melted Mic | Samsung’s Galactic Image Goes Up In Flames! Samsung’s brand has melted into a tech nightmare! The South Korean electronics giant was forced to suspend sales of its new flagship smartphone, the Galaxy Note 7, last Friday because dozens of the handsets have exploded. The phone, which has been extremely well reviewed, is now also being recalled worldwide, in a move that is likely to cost Samsung millions. And compounding matters, the colossal disaster came on the eve of the launch of a new iPhone from Samsung’s archrival Apple – which launched new versions of its iPhone and watch on Wednesday. It’s a hard to overstate this Galactic brand blunder! When Samsung launched the Note 7, it had the stage to itself. It had the momentum. It had a very real shot at being the phone of 2016. But it’s reputation exploded instead. And replacing 2.5 million devices will cost Samsung hundreds of millions of dollars, and could certainly melt its sterling reputation for quality, at least for the foreseeable future. Each week, The Spin Cycle will bestow a Golden Mic Award to the person, group or company in the court of public opinion that best exemplifies the tenets of solid PR, marketing and advertising – and those who don’t. Stay tuned – and step-up to the mic! And remember … Amplify Your Brand » Todd Smith is president and chief communications officer of Deane, Smith & Partners, a full-service branding, PR, marketing and advertising firm with offices in Jackson. The firm — based in Nashville, Tenn. — is also affiliated with Mad Genius. Contact him at todd@deanesmithpartners.com, and follow him @spinsurgeon. advertising Business marketing Mississippi NEWS social media 2016-09-09 Contributing Columnist tweet Tagged with: advertising Business marketing Mississippi NEWS social media Previous: JOSH MABUS — Get less than you bargained for Next: ON LAW — 7 steps to maintain corporate formalities About Contributing Columnist More Stories Like This Mississippi wants former college students to finish degrees November 17, 2016 Doe’s replicating its steak and tamales formula November 17, 2016 Hancock panel hires adviser for development plan November 17, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Gov. Bryant places priority on reserves in his budget plan November 16, 2016 Tupelo City Council to address Mississippi state flag November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 BILL CRAWFORD: Appointments will tell if Trump can deliver November 13, 2016 Mississippi high court to consider hidden public records dispute November 11, 2016 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Gov. Bryant places priority on reserves in his budget plan November 16, 2016 Trustmark Corporation and RB Bancorporation announce definitive merger agreement November 14, 2016 Rankin Co. school superintendent, board discuss bond issue November 14, 2016 Analysis: Mississippi tightens bond rules for long-term debt November 14, 2016 US stocks move higher as banks surge with bond yields November 14, 2016 Best Places to Work 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2016 Mississippi Business Journal            
Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free Apple iPhone 7, free rotisserie chicken at Publix Save on admission at world-famous Butterfly World Save $3 on admission and see 20,000 species at the largest butterfly park in the world in Coconut Creek. Save $3 on admission and see 20,000 species at the largest butterfly park in the world in Coconut Creek. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free iPhone 7, Chicken McNuggest and rotisserie chicken at Publix. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's the big day to preorder Apple's iPhone 7! You can get the hot new smartphone for free with deals from T-Mobile and AT&T.  Hungry? Get free 10-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's on Saturday and Publix is giving away free rotisserie chickens in the deli through Wednesday. Also, Nanas and Pop-pops get free admission to Butterfly World on Saturday and Sunday in honor of Grandparents Day. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. FREEBIES Free iPhone 7 from T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 credit valued at $650 from AT&T for DirecTV and U-verse customers Free rotisserie chicken at Publix; expires Wednesday Free 10-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's Free entry for grandparents at Butterfly World on Saturday and Sunday Half off Sam's Club membership; expires Sept. 15 Free Sawgrass Mills coupon book; expires Sept. 30 Free $10 Starbucks gift card; expires Sept. 30 Free breakfast sandwich at Chick-fil-A; expires Saturday Free deluxe sample of Lancome Endless Perfection Teint Idole Ultra Foundation Free kids meals at Chipotle on Sundays; expires Sept. 25 Free $10 Publix gift card with Stocking Spree Rewards Free entree at Smashburger; expires in October Free three-month membership at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Dec. 31 Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free $10 gift cards at Publix with $50 grocery purchase; expires Dec. 31 Last day to get free rotisserie chicken at Publix Doreen Christensen Wednesday is the last day to get dinner's on Publix with a free $7 rotisserie chicken from the deli. Bag the free bird with purchase of three eligible P&G products. The promotion is listed on the back page of this week's store circular. No coupon is necessary. Mix-and-match Tide detergent, Bounty... Wednesday is the last day to get dinner's on Publix with a free $7 rotisserie chicken from the deli. Bag the free bird with purchase of three eligible P&G products. The promotion is listed on the back page of this week's store circular. No coupon is necessary. Mix-and-match Tide detergent, Bounty... (Doreen Christensen) Free extra 1GB of data from T-Mobile Free small fry and drink with purchase at Arby's; expires Sept. 13 Free entree at Olive Garden with purchase Free medium Slurpee at 7-Eleven Free pocket guide of the Constitution of the United States Free ice cream from Baskin-Robbins Free gift cards, $49.99 Apple iPhone 6s at Best Buy Free movie ticket (includes 3D & IMAX) with first order on Atom Tickets app Free dessert with entree purchase at Chili's; expires Sunday Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free Galaxy S7 smartphones with purchase from AT&T Free burrito at Moe's Southwestern Grill with app download Free beer from Budweiser Free drinks at RaceTrac with rewards app Free 6-inch sub at Subway Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free entry for kids at Legoland Florida Free membership on Angie's List Free movie tickets for AT&T customers on Tuesdays Free admission, BOGO deals with 2-for-1 Summer Savings Card Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com Free Target gift card deals; expires Saturday Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free three-piece Aveda Invati Hair Care System Free food at McDonald's  with app download Free theater and concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free $50 Roku streaming device from Sling TV Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free 30-day trial of HBO Now Free 30-day trial of Kindle Unlimited from Amazon Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free space travel and retro travel posters from NASA Free Jiffy Mix recipe book Doreen's Deals: Top 10 travel tips for Labor Day and fall trips | Commentary Doreen Christensen Labor Day is Sept. 5. If you're planning a getaway over the long weekend or later this fall, use my tips to save on travel near and far. Theme park tickets: Florida resident month kicks off in October, but locals can save on theme park tickets now at VisitOrlando.com. Orlando's official tourism... Labor Day is Sept. 5. If you're planning a getaway over the long weekend or later this fall, use my tips to save on travel near and far. Theme park tickets: Florida resident month kicks off in October, but locals can save on theme park tickets now at VisitOrlando.com. Orlando's official tourism... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 15 per cent or 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sept. 14 Free shipping with $25 purchase at Macy's $20-$100 in Nordstrom dollars with purchase; expires Sept. 12 $5 off with Famous Footwear app; BOGO half-off sale; expires Sept. 14 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Free pack & hold service for college students from Bed Bath & Beyond $10 off first Groupon.com with code WELCOME $5 off signature oil change at Jiffy Lube Costco Wholesale coupons for September Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Digital coupons with Whole Foods Market app $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot Free 20-piece Chicken McNuggets at McDonald's on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Get free Chicken McNuggets with purchase of another at McDonald's on Tuesday. Find the offer, good at participating restaurants in Broward, Palm Beach, Miami-Dade and Monroe counties, listed in McDonald's mobile app. It's free to download. On Aug. 1, the fast-food giant removed preservatives from... Get free Chicken McNuggets with purchase of another at McDonald's on Tuesday. Find the offer, good at participating restaurants in Broward, Palm Beach, Miami-Dade and Monroe counties, listed in McDonald's mobile app. It's free to download. On Aug. 1, the fast-food giant removed preservatives from... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL AND CONSUMER NEWS Doreen's Deals: Happy 86th birthday, Publix! Doreen Christensen: Top 10 travel tips for fall trips Cell carriers eliminate overage frees, go unlimited with new data plans How to switch carriers and keep your old cell phone Target offering refunds on Egyptian cotton sheets New Uber Plus offers $5 flat-rate fares in Miami for a monthly fee Five ways to save on college textbooks New AT&T Mobile Share Advantage end data overage fees Sweet spa deals and Dine Out Lauderdale runs through Sept. 30 AT&T increases internet data to 1 TB for U-verse customers Save big bucks at Aldi as grocer opens 28th store in Plantation Amazon and Wells Fargo offer discounts on student loans Why's everyone gaga for Wawa? Target makes changes to coupon policy Free Uber rides with CapitalOne credit card; expires in March Get more cash back with new Costco Anywhere Visa credit card Doreen Christensen: Goodbye Comcast, we're done How to cut the cable or satellite cord and tune in free HDTV AT&T and Comcast increase internet data speeds Save $60 on new voice-activated Apple TV Christensen: Remembering Burdines, Jordan Marsh and Luria's How to save nearly $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge Expert rates Trader Joe's Two Buck Chuck, other cheap wines Whole Foods Market selling invasive lionfish in Florida Never miss a deal with new Amazon Assistant Consumer legal tips from WSVN's Help Me Howard DINING COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free medium Slurpee with text offer; expires Dec. 31 Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich Chick-fil-A: Free breakfast sandwich; expires Saturday Chipotle: Free kids meals, drinks for students; expires Sept. 30 Dunkin' Donuts: Free medium beverage with DD Perks rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich with email signup IHOP: Free meals (3) with reward club signup IHOP: Kids eat free with adult meal purchase; expires Sept. 25 IKEA: Free eats on Tuesdays for kids Johnny Rockets: Two free hamburgers with email signup McDonald's: Free Chicken McNuggets in September McDonald's: Free french fries on Friday with coupon in mobile app Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup RaceTrac: Seven free drinks with rewards app Smashburger: Free entree with purchase; expires in October FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at national parks through Sunday Free, discounted tickets to Miami Marlins baseball games BOGO deals 70 hot spots with Summer Savings Card Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum program Free entry for 4th graders and families at U.S. National Parks Free and half-price theater, concert tickets from GoldStar.com Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal movie tickets with AARP card Free Build and Grow Kids Clinic at Lowe's at 10 a.m. Saturday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturday and Sunday 20 percent off Cirque du Soleil shows with AARP card Free guitar classes at Guitar Centers on Saturdays Free cooking classes at Williams-Sonoma TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free entry for kids with purchase at Legoland Florida Florida resident deals at theme parks, hotels from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions and discounts at Disney World, Universal, Busch Gardens Discounted tickets, room rates for military at Disney World, Disneyland Free and half-priced tickets for active duty, veterans at SeaWorld parks Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel It's Freebie Friay! All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 77°
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. As 9/11 nears, Walmart yanks Coke display that looked like twin towers CBS News 9/8/2016 CBSNews Click to expand Replay Video Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House Donald Trump didn't spend nearly as much on advertising as typical presidential candidates, and he didn't have to -- he relied on billions of dollars of free mentions in media ranging from major TV news networks to Buzzfeed and Twitter instead. The real estate magnate got $4.96 billion in free earned media in the year leading up to the presidential election, according to data from tracking firm mediaQuant. Over the past 12 months, the president-elect received more than $800 million in free earned broadcast media, compared to $666 million for Clinton, and $2.6 billion in free earned online news attention, compared to $1.6 billion for his rival. He edged out her and other major political names in American and worldwide newspapers as well. The Street Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen highlights a number of safeguards in the Dodd-Frank regulation that she thinks have resulted in a "safer and sounder financial system." President-elect Donald Trump has called the law a "disaster." CNN Money Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security Taking Social Security as a couple opens up more ways to strategize and increase lifetime benefits. Here's how to maximize your SS earnings. CNBC PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Walmart store's 9/11 display sparks outrage CBS News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 Insurance ad parody video highlights industry tensions The Wall Street Journal.2:06 Check out the hottest cars from the L.A. Auto Show Fox Business3:04 A look at Nashville's music industry and health care BBC News1:32 Airplane ticket prices to fall in 2017 Reuters1:11 Manufacturing in the US on a steady rise Wochit Business0:39 Canada examines possible legal cannabis system Bloomberg4:05 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 For around $20 you can have your very own Donald Trump mask CNBC0:54 Trump signs removed from some NYC buildings CNN Money1:43 Car repairs and maintenance you can (really) do yourself GOBankingRates1:21 UP NEXT NEW YORK -- Walmart says a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 69.10 -0.09 -0.13% The display was mocked online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and Buzzfeed wrote about it. The photo showed the World Trade Center towers recreated with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. wasnt this just a tribute?👉😐Florida Walmart's Coke display remembering 9/11 sparks outrage https://t.co/XFbyaeOi7B— ShArKy666 (@ykrahs666) September 8, 2016 Walmart (WMT) said in a statement the display was removed Wednesday. It said, “We hold this moment in our country’s history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display.” Coca-Cola did not immediately respond to a request for comment.© Provided by MarketWatch 9/11 store promotions prove to be a terrible idea, again Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News 5 least (and most) expensive stadiums to watch an NFL game CBS News CBS News View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ANF AAPL Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) vs. Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Walmart stock is a better deal. Here's what you need to know. Sep 9, 2016, 6:00 am EST  |  By Laura Hoy, InvestorPlace Contributor     Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) are both heavy hitters when it comes to discount shops, but the two companies have very different business models. For investors looking to beef up the retail section of their portfolio, determining which of the two is a better buy is essential. When stacked up head to head, Walmart stock and Costco stock are both good investment options, but WMT gets my vote for the better buy. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr On paper, COST may look like a better buy. The firm’s sales growth over the last five years has far surpassed that of WMT and the company also boasts a more favorable debt-to-equity ratio at 34.08% versus Walmart’s 55.86%. Those figures suggest that Costco is running a much tighter ship, and that appears to be true when you look at Costco’s business model. Costco’s Advantage The majority of Costco’s operating profits come from membership dues. Those fees represent nearly pure profit for COST, and renewals are even more lucrative because they require virtually no marketing spend. However, this model only works if Costco is able to get, and more importantly, keep new members every year. So far, the company appears to be doing this relatively well. 7 Energy Stocks You Can Actually Trust in Retirement In the second quarter, Costco’s renewal rates around the globe came in at 87.6% and in the U.S. and Canada that figure was 90.4%. Both of those numbers fell by a tenth of a percentage point from the previous year, and while that does raise some concerns, those are still pretty solid figures. Walmart Stock’s Strength Costco’s business model has proven to be a profit machine, but COST is also much more expensive than Walmart stock — WMT’s price-to-earnings ratio is just 15.69% versus Costco’s 29.87%. Walmart also pays a much higher dividend with a yield of 2.74% compared to Costco’s 1.14%, so Walmart stock offers value investors a much more compelling deal. Not only that, but Walmart appears to be setting itself up for a bright future a bit better than Costco has. Both stores have fallen prey to Amazon.com, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AMZN) growing popularity, but Walmart appears to be doing more to counter this threat. Walmart has been working to improve its e-commerce options, and last quarter’s results showed that those efforts are paying off as online sales grew by 11.8%. The firm also recently acquired Jet.com; a move that many believe will boost WMT’s online presence even further. Amazon still has the clear advantage when it comes to online shopping, but Walmart is playing to its strengths (think, thousands of physical locations and huge warehouses) by offering services that Amazon can’t — like a click-and-collect grocery service. WMT has also stepped up to the plate against Amazon’s Prime membership by offering an unlimited 2-day shipping membership of its own, for nearly half the price of a Prime membership. Costco, on the other hand, has done very little to beef up its own online offerings. This could end badly for COST because other than a pleasant in-store experience, Costco members may find very few reasons to continue their memberships in the years ahead. Already, WMT is able to rival Costco on price, and at Walmart, customers aren’t locked in to buying in bulk. If online shopping continues to gain momentum, Costco may struggle to hold on to members who are unwilling to pay a membership fee without the convenience of free shipping. The Bottom Line on WMT vs COST For investors looking far into the future and those looking for a value play, Walmart stock is a better pick. The discount retailer is struggling to come out from under Amazon.com’s shadow, but if WMT can successfully bolster its online presence, then the firm has the potential to regain its place at the top of the retail food chain. As of this writing, Laura Hoy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Buy for September The 10 Best Cheap Stocks in the World Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/09/wmt-vs-cost-walmart-stock-costco-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Investors Should Buy From the Scrap Heap 10 Pharma Stocks That Are Prescribed Under Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains Don’t Give up on Twilio Stock Just Yet! Is the Trump Boost Over for BAC Stock? Why MacBook Pro Fans Are Angry (Again) Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump 3 Beaten-Down Biotech Stocks to Buy for Huge Gains 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Don’t Give up on Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Just Yet! Most Popular Most Commented The 7 Best Tech Stocks in the World 7 Stocks to Buy From the Scrap Heap The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq This 1,900% DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Stock Rally Will Burn You Apple Inc. (AAPL) Angers New MacBook Pro Fans Yet Again Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Coca-Cola apologises over ‘tacky’ 9/11 tribute The Twin Tower recreated in Coca-Cola boxes Credit: Shawn Richard/Twitter Adam Boult 9 September 2016 • 8:57am A visitor to a supermarket in Florida couldn’t believe his eyes when he spotted this 9/11 tribute – the World Trade Centre fashioned out of boxes of Coke cans. “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” said Shawn Richard, a tourist in the area who had stopped in at the Panama City Walmart to buy some things for the beach. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 “Nobody seemed to be noticing it,” he told Buzzfeed News, “it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” Richard uploaded the photo to Twitter, where it prompted a huge response. @online_shawn @catovitch I am going to assume their sentiment is genuine but the manager didn't think how tacky it is.— Andrew Baker (@andbaker) September 6, 2016 This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx— Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 i mean actually this is the most american thing i have ever seen, and it makes me want to die slow and painful https://t.co/kzcLvnjFjh— debbie down n out (@_mxdean) September 7, 2016 As a person that lived in NY on 9/11, I have to say that this is about as tasteless as it gets. #Walmart #Coke pic.twitter.com/evWxMsjYyz— FTVLive (@FTVLive) September 8, 2016 A. Don't chase sales off of tragedy. It's tasteless. B. That much Coke Zero is over ordering. Hope they got a buy in https://t.co/Qv7KO4fGKe— Ron Russell (@cincofingers) September 8, 2016 Walmart spokesman Charles Crowson later told the Orlando Weekly that the 9/11 display was being taken down – adding that the Coca-Cola Company will usually approach the company with display ideas, and it’s up to Walmart to either approve or deny them. The 9/11 display had been approved. The Coca-Cola Company said in a statement: “This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization’s upcoming event. “We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display.”  This Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks, in which 3,000 people lost their lives and thousands more were injured as terrorists targeted the twin towers of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. How the 9/11 terrorist attacks unfolded Play! 02:07 Last weekend two visitors to a fantasy and sci-fi convention in Atlanta, Georgia, sparked anger cosplay outfits that seemed to depict the attacks on the twin towers. So wrong & inappropriate! More than just a cosplay fail, it's foul. Cosplaying as the Twin Towers 9/11 = Disgusting pic.twitter.com/1dIphxArkX— Alex Matsuo (@alexmatsuo) September 5, 2016 The pair were dressed in matching cardboard skyscraper costumes, with crepe paper ‘flames’ at the top of each, and attached dolls ‘falling’ from buildings. They both wore Donald Trump campaign-style caps - albeit with the slogan ‘Make FishCenter Great Again,’ a reference to an Adult Swim comedy programme. Images of the duo were widely shared on social media and on Reddit, where they provoked angry responses. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Skyscrapers Trending Show more News latest 01:38 18 Nov 2016, 2:45pm Cryo-preservation technology '20 years away' says UCL expert 18 Nov 2016, 2:45pm London theatre: the best plays and shows on now Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:41pm Comment: Theresa May has a Trump card she can play in her Brexit talks Tom Harris Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:31pm Revealed: What Obama told his children the morning after Trump's election victory 18 Nov 2016, 2:18pm Whisky group takes fight over minimum alcohol pricing to Supreme Court 18 Nov 2016, 2:12pm Three Mobile cyber hack: six million customers' private information at risk after employee login used to access database  01:07 18 Nov 2016, 2:09pm Comment: Theresa May's Brexit strategy is to become the Killer Queen – and it is working brilliantly  Fraser Nelson Premium 01:11 18 Nov 2016, 2:06pm Queen to remain in residence as Buckingham Palace gets £369m taxpayer-funded facelift to avert 'catastrophic building failure' 18 Nov 2016, 1:59pm Harslo the Dachshund: Clever canine with incredible balancing skills becomes internet star  18 Nov 2016, 1:51pm Strictly Come Dancing's Judge Rinder: Benedict Cumberbatch is helping me with my face  00:34 18 Nov 2016, 1:24pm Driver breaks up fight by sending man crashing through glass 00:35 18 Nov 2016, 1:20pm Traffic inspector clings to fleeing car for 1,000ft in Buenos Aires 18 Nov 2016, 1:16pm How to stay safe when snorkelling and diving 18 Nov 2016, 1:16pm Tory MP reveals Brexit death threats including Isil image of his teenage son being executed 01:00 18 Nov 2016, 12:37pm China unveils world's biggest shiplift at the Three Gorges Dam 18 Nov 2016, 12:36pm Japan PM Shinzo Abe has 'great confidence' in Donald Trump after meeting president-elect and daughter Ivanka 18 Nov 2016, 12:31pm Donald Trump makes Mike Pompeo CIA director and Jeff Sessions attorney general 18 Nov 2016, 12:30pm Law review after Ched Evans case raises fears sex attack victims could be deterred from coming forward 18 Nov 2016, 12:23pm What is the Epiphany and when in 2017 is it? Here are 10 facts about the history and meaning of Three Kings Day 18 Nov 2016, 12:18pm Comment: Why Donald Trump is America's "first Asian President", and that's just terrific Nirpal Dhaliwal 18 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Comment: So long to the cheats and liars of so-called 'truth' politics. Bring on the post-deceit age Paul Nuttall If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds MusicTV/MoviesMovie ListingsEventsDiningBest of Inland EmpireFestivalsCasinosPuzzlesBlogsTheaterBest of Inland EmpirePhotosArts and Galleries Sports Inland high school sports playoff schedule News Salton Sea wins $14 million grant to aid migratory birds News Aerial search launched for missing L.A. couple believed heading to the desert Sports Rams charge into Inglewood, break ground on $2.6 billion complex Entertainment How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas The Band Perry will perform at Morongo, Casino Resort & Spa on Friday, Sept. 16. Tweet    How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 4 More Galleries     The Band Perry will perform at Morongo, Casino Resort & Spa on Friday, Sept. 16. COURTESY OF THE BAND PERRY Related article » More from this story SLIDE SHOW: How The Band Perry went from performing in a Wal-Mart to headlining arenas 4 Photos » Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By STEPHANIE SCHULTE / STAFF WRITER Published: Sept. 7, 2016 Updated: Sept. 9, 2016 6:12 p.m. IF YOU GO When: 9 p.m. Friday, Sept. 16. Where: Morongo Casino, Resort & Spa, 49500 Seminole Drive, Cabazon. Admission: $45-$65 Information: 951-849-3080, morongocasinoresort.com. 5 THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT THE BAND PERRY • The band performed for about five years before signing with a record label. • The trio's concert was in the lingerie department at a Wal-Mart in Alabama. • They wrote the title track off the 2013 album "Pioneer" in a clearing on a hillside in Santa Fe, N.M. • The Band Perry has performed at the Stagecoach Country Music Festival three times, most recently on Mane Stage earlier this year. • The siblings won a Grammy award in for their cover of Glen Campbell's "Gentle On My Mind." Before The Band Perry ever made music or toured the world, the trio of siblings were already “road dogs,” according to multi-instrumentalist Neil Perry. “We grew up traveling with our parents, going on vacations to different places and taking road trips,” Perry said in a recent phone interview before taking the stage at the 10th annual Academy of Country Music Honors show in Nashville. The group, which blurs the lines between country, pop and rock, will take the road show to Morongo, Casino Resort and Spa in Cabazon on Friday, Sept. 16. Neil is the youngest of the three, playing mandolin, drums, accordion and providing vocals alongside older brother Reid Perry, who plays bass and sings, and sister Kimberly Perry, who fronts the band and plays guitar and piano. They all grew up playing piano, but Neil Perry said none of them had visions of a career in the music industry until Kimberly Perry joined a band in high school. The brothers started tagging along and to help their older sister with gear, basically acting as roadies when she performed. “Eventually we were like, ‘Hey, you know, we would enjoy playing music too,’” he said. So, the two boys started their own band and began touring throughout the Southeastern U.S. opening up for their older sister’s act. “For a lot of reasons her band left and our band left and all that was left was the three of us,” Neil Perry said. “Our first concert was in the lingerie department of a Wal-Mart in Alabama. That was the mighty beginning of The Band Perry. ” The Band Perry’s self-titled debut album dropped in 2010 and spawned several hits including “If I Die Young,” “You Lie” and “All Your Life” while chart toppers off its sophomore effort featured “Better Dig Two,” “Done” and “Don’t Let Me Be Lonely.” Unlike some artists who start writing songs before performing, The Band Perry began by performing other people’s songs. The songwriting part came after they had crafted their stage presence. The band has gone from playing around Underoos to opening for stars such as Blake Shelton, Tim McGraw and Keith Urban before embarking on an arena headlining tour of their own. And they’ve delivered high-energy sets for tens of thousands of fans at the Mane Stage at the Stagecoach Country Music Festival in Indio this year and last. “We definitely critique ourselves,” Neil Perry said. “One of the biggest advantages our band has had in the performing world is we never quit pushing ourselves.” He said their father’s sage advice, “Time in the practice room shows; time not in the practice room shows,” has continued to stick with the trio, even though the siblings have notched multiple million-selling singles and the platinum debut album. “Looking back at home videos and footage of our first concerts, I really give a lot of kudos to our parents for encouraging us to keep going,” he said with a laugh. The group has finished recording songs for its third album, which doesn’t have an exact release date or title, but Neil Perry did offer up that themes of unity are woven throughout the new album. “We go through this life that we live together, “ Neil Perry said. “And we’ve gone through some big changes in the last few years.” Contact the writer: sschulte@scng.com or @stephreally on Twitter Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Inland Casinos Pala launches social casino app Comedians Jo Koy and Joel McHale head to Agua Caliente, Pechanga; Il Divo at Fantasy Springs How to get tickets for Stagecoach, Sting, Terry Fator and more COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
GoSearch Replay: Eye Opener CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener CW Express Yourself Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 60° 60° Low 41° High 69° Sat 37° 60° Sun 44° 65° Mon 59° 71° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Businesses Cause Outrage with 9/11 Inspired Ads Posted 10:10 pm, September 8, 2016, by Tony Lewis, Updated at 08:46am, September 9, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL -- Sunday marks the 15th anniversary of the tragic attacks that took place on 9/11. While everyone has their own way of honoring the lives lost on that day there`s a couple of “tributes” that are causing quite the outrage. The first is this display found at a Panama City Beach, Florida Walmart where stacks of Coke Zero were used to represent the twin towers. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The sign above the display read "We will never forget", social media is making sure of that. One Twitter user nicknamed the advertisement “Ground Coke Zero” while another described the set-up as “gross”. A Walmart spokesman has stated that the display has now been taken down. Another company released a 9/11 inspired ad that`s sure to lead to many sleepless nights. Miracle mattress in San Antonio thought this building mattresses into two towers and then laughingly falling into them was a good idea. The store released an apology on Facebook saying in part “We are very sorry we have offended you...We are promoters of peace and love...Please accept our apology.” Based on all the angry responses to the apology it looks like that`s going to take a miracle. As we get closer to Sunday, memo to all advertisers: just leave 9/11 out of your marketing campaign. 30.176591 -85.805488 Related stories Mattress Company Releases Commercial for 9/11 Sale That Mimics Twin Towers Falling Florida Walmart’s 9/11 Coke Display Sparks Outrage Big Honor for Dallas Pilot Who Defended Skies During 9/11 Filed in: NewsFix Topics: 911, Miracle Mattress, Walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email How Do You Express Yourself? CW33 wants to tell your story! So click here and show us how you express yourself! Popular Dallas Church Welcomes LGBT Members, Loses Baptist Association Ties Team Arrow Faces Off With Prometheus And Gets Ready To Encounter The Vigilante, AKA Ski Goggles! Slain Dallas Officer’s Father Sues Black Lives Matter Humanizing Tomi Lahren: Popular Political Commentator Gets Personal With NewsFix Latest News Lisa Lynn Masters Suicide: Gossip Girl, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Actress Found Dead at 52 Man at Yellowstone Dies As Body Dissolves in Acidic Hot Pool TravelFix: Drew Sets Travel World Record! Shemar Moore, Bill Bellamy Stop In Dallas For ‘The Bounce Back’ Screening Watercooler Florida Walmart’s 9/11 Coke Display Sparks Outrage Watercooler Mattress Company Releases Commercial for 9/11 Sale That Mimics Twin Towers Falling Watercooler Ohio Mom Gives Birth in Walmart Checkout Line NewsFix DFW Light Installations That Will Blow Your Mind And Light Up Your World NewsFix Dear Seahawks: Dallas Police Officer Writes Open Letter to QB Watercooler Suspected Meth Lab Discovered Under Walmart Parking Lot NewsFix ‘Dear Drunk Driver’ – Mom Posts Outrage to Facebook After Beach Blunder Watercooler Walmart Unveils Black Friday 2016 Deals Watercooler Walmart Pulls ‘Suicide Scar’ Make-Up After Mental Health Outcry NewsFix Where Were you on 9/11? North Texas First Responders Remember Watercooler Texas Girl Begs for Mercy as Dad Drags Her by the Hair in Walmart National/World News Good Samaritan Wounded, Attacker Killed as Mother and Baby Rescued at Walmart NewsFix Finishing the Climb: Local First Responders Memorialize 9/11’s Fallen Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2016, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 68° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Trending News Local News U.S. and World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Tanger Outlet Mall opens today Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Search for missing Volusia teenager overnight Photos King of La Calle Car & Bike Show 2016 Graphic novel version of the Holy Bible Ripley's unveils wax figures of Trump © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File 9/11 Coke display at a Walmart sparks outrage for customers from @online_shawn on Twitter. Posted:Sep 08 2016 05:19PM EDT Updated:Sep 08 2016 06:24PM EDT Related Stories Tanger Outlet Mall opens today in Daytona Beach 13-year-old teen missing in Port Orange Woman struck by tires while loading groceries Ohio woman arrested after allegedly soliciting sex PANAMA CITY, FL - Some Walmart customers in Florida are upset over a Coca-Cola display that portrays stacks of soda cases depicting the World Trade Center towers that fell on 9/11 along with nearby buildings and an American Flag. Some noticed that the towers at Ground Zero were recreated with Coke Zero cases. One customer, Shawn Richard, snapped a photo of the display on Tuesday and posted it to his Twitter account with the comment "Florida c'mon man".     Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The Coca-Cola company has since replaced the display at the Panama City Walmart, and has issued the following statement to Mashable: "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display being assembled. It was removed from our Florida store Wednesday."   Copyright 2016 FOX 11 Los Angeles: Download our mobile app for breaking news alerts or to watch FOX 11 News | Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Be a citizen journalist for FOX 11 and get paid – download the Fresco News App today.     false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Feeding squirrels endangers your grandma "Smart homes" helping wounded veterans Dog reunited with owner after 9 years Inmates help free dogs 5 tips to start saving today Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trending Most Read Related 1 1 A Teacher’s Lesson On Internet Safety Turns Into A Photoshop Battle by Tod Perry 2 2 Kids Just Won The Right To Sue The Government For Global Warming  by Kate Ryan 3 3 Trying To Guess Which Twin Smokes Is The Perfect Way To Help You Quit by Penn Collins 4 4 White Supremacist Blogger Urges Followers To Wear New Balance Sneakers by Tod Perry 5 5 Saturn’s North Pole Just Changed Color And Nobody Knows Why by Kate Ryan 6 6 Ruth Bader Ginsburg Just Signaled Her Dissent Toward Trump With A Simple Fashion Statement by Alexander Besant 7 7 Twitter Celebrates Clinton’s First Post-Election Appearance As A Middle Finger To The Patriarchy by Tod Perry 8 8 There Are 3 Common Arguments For Keeping The Electoral College. Here’s Why They’re Wrong by Robert Speel 9 9 Five Steve Bannon Quotes That Should Disqualify Him As Trump’s Chief Strategist by Tod Perry Culture Walmart Managed To Offend Everyone With This 9/11 Soda Display by Eric Pfeiffer Share September 8, 2016 Share on Facebook Click me! Share on Twitter Click me! Copy Link The 9/11 display in this Florida Walmart has caused an uproar As if there was any doubt, trying to profit off of the worst terrorist attack in American history is not a good idea. The latest example comes to us from Walmart, with a 9/11 display that gets everything wrong. One of the megastore’s outlets in Florida somehow thought it would be a good idea to set up a Coke display using two columns of Coke Zero boxes to represent the Twin Towers. In the background are red, white and blue boxes of other Coke products (Coke, Diet Coke and Dasani bottled water) meant to look like the American flag. Above all of this is a sign that reads “We Will Never Forget.” With a photo showing the skyline over New York City. “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” Richard Shawn, a Walmart customer who took picture, told BuzzFeed. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” But after the reaction online, the person behind the Coke display is probably wishing that the world would immediately forget their misguided gesture. After all, even if it was done with the best of intentions, it comes across as a tacky, cash grab on the eve of a day that is remembered as one of the country’s greatest tragedies. The photo quickly went viral, with people chiming in on the incredibly poor taste on display: For it’s part, a Walmart spokesman told the Orlando Weekly that the display was quickly taken down in light of the online outrage. Spokesman Charles Crowson said Coke typically provides suggestions for product displays but that in this case, the display was approved by Walmart itself. Bottom line, when you’re remembering the 15th anniversary of 9/11 this week, let’s honor the victims and not try to make a quick buck. Recently on GOOD Psychologists Uncover New Productivity Hack: Chilling Out Research reveals that perfectionists are more anxious and depressed—and way less efficient Health Jordan E. Rosenfeld Native American Lacrosse Star Perfectly Explains The Problem With the Dakota Access Pipeline “You don’t care about the people and you’re doing this for the money” Sports Tosten Burks Trump’s Election Is Flooding Civil Liberties Groups With Donations Keep ‘em coming Communities James Poulos What We Can Learn From Small Gatherings That We Can’t From Big Protests Big changes start small  Communities Kate Ryan Here Is The Most Kick-Ass Way (Literally) To Fight Anxiety And Other Mental Health Disorders Martial arts aren’t just for your physical well-being Sports Chris Dart 15 Of The Funniest Obama And Biden Memes Being Shared Right Now Laugh it up while you can Culture Tod Perry Culture An 87 year-old Japanese Grandma Is Creating The Best Selfies You’ve Ever Seen With the sensibilities of 20-year-old daredevil, her photos walk the line between “absurd” and “awesome.”  by Penn Collins Communities Halima Aden Breaks Ground As First Somali-American To Compete For Miss Minnesota USA ‘You never see the beauty and the good things that come from Muslim women.”  by Tod Perry Issue 38 Feature Design Explore China’s Future In 5 Subway Stops This experimental megacity rose out of farmland in 1979. A few decades and 20 million residents later, is Shenzhen a success? by Adam Matthews Live Well. Do Good. Features Infographics Projects Issues Subscribe Menu 1 Million Humans can't be wrong. Like us on Facebook Twitter Is also an option, if you're into that The Daily GOOD Sign up to receive the best of GOOD delivered to your inbox each and every weekday Want to get out of town? We've partnered up with some friends to give you a chance to go anywhere. Click to win!… https://t.co/PECPKstxSd Share this Walmart Managed To Offend Everyone With This 9/11 Soda Display Recent Psychologists Uncover New Productivity Hack: Chilling Out about 5 hours ago Native American Lacrosse Star Perfectly Explains The Problem With the Dakota Access Pipeline about 15 hours ago Trump’s Election Is Flooding Civil Liberties Groups With Donations about 15 hours ago What We Can Learn From Small Gatherings That We Can’t From Big Protests about 16 hours ago Here Is The Most Kick-Ass Way (Literally) To Fight Anxiety And Other Mental Health Disorders about 16 hours ago 15 Of The Funniest Obama And Biden Memes Being Shared Right Now about 16 hours ago An 87 year-old Japanese Grandma Is Creating The Best Selfies You’ve Ever Seen about 18 hours ago Halima Aden Breaks Ground As First Somali-American To Compete For Miss Minnesota USA about 18 hours ago Explore China’s Future In 5 Subway Stops about 19 hours ago Twitter Celebrates Clinton’s First Post-Election Appearance As A Middle Finger To The Patriarchy about 19 hours ago This Oklahoma Football Player Grabs A Megaphone To Shut Down Hate Speech On Campus about 19 hours ago The Real Reason Electoral College Reform Is Coming about 21 hours ago Features Infographics Projects The GOOD 100 Meet the remarkable individuals tackling pressing global issues today. The GOOD Guide to Recycling The objects we discard aren’t trash. They’re a resource. The Local Globalists Meet 17 innovators who are changing our future for the better. Project Literacy Building partnerships for a more literate future. Issues Subscribe Newsletter About Advertise Contact FAQ Newsletter Subscribe Terms Privacy Careers ©2016 GOOD Worldwide Inc Never miss another GOOD thing. Like us on Facebook. We just wanted to let you know... our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message! Our privacy policy has changed. You can check out the updated version here or dismiss this message!
null
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Clock ticks down on overtime rule changes for businesses, could impact 52,000 Arkansans by Kim Souza. Published Sep 8th, 2016 4:13 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Joe, an assistant manager in the retail sector, earns a salary of $36,000 annually and typically works 50 hours a week. But come Dec. 1, his employer will either have to cut his hours to 40, raise his base pay to $47,765, or pay him time and a half for every hour he logs over 40 in a week. On the surface it sounds simple but the federally-mandated shift in salaried worker pay has been of concern in the business community. On May 18, the U.S. Department of Labor issued a new overtime law that will make 4.2 million salary workers like Joe eligible for overtime pay at an estimated cost to employers of $2.9 billion over the next decade. The DOL estimates that U.S. employers will spend $592.7 million to comply with the new rule in the first year alone. The law could impact around 52,000 workers in Arkansas, according to the DOL. The new rule is effective Dec. 1 and has been widely debated because of its arbitrary nature, said Michael Harvey, chief operating officer for the Northwest Arkansas Council. “For at least a year out businesses surveyed by the local Chambers of Commerce have voiced concern over this added regulation. They are nervous about it and the impact it would have on their operations. Many see it as burdensome and resent that it was imposed by unelected bureaucrats without Congress taking action,” Harvey said. “I know there are some abuses in play but this regulation will force some employers to make decisions that negatively impact jobs and likely produce a ripple effect through the economy.” Harvey said businesses most likely impacted by the new rules will be in retail, services and manufacturing. He said most businesses can’t raise someone’s salary from the threshold of $455 a week to $913 a week just because someone in Washington tells them to. A more likely scenario for employers facing this new regulation is to require them to work a straight 40 hours and track that time while paying overtime if necessary. In some cases it might make sense to split the 50 hours worked between two employees who might work 25 hours each. “Businesses will have to figure out what works best for their operations, but in some cases it will mean hours lost and in some cases more pay for the workers impacted by the new rules,” he added. “There will be winners and losers with this action.” Wal-Mart Stores and Tyson Foods were asked for comment on the new rule but neither company responded. At the store level, a large portion of Wal-Mart’s management is paid an hourly wage and the retailer uses a time clock to track those hours. But in the corporate offices there are a large number of salaried employees who do typically work more than 40 hours a week. If those workers already earn more than $47,476 annually they would not fall under the new rules. At the high-end of the salary rule the new regulations will also apply to workers earning at least $100,000 but less than $134,004. The same is true for Tyson Foods in its plant operations and home office. The new regulations also allow companies to apply up to 10% of non-discretionary bonus or commission pay to the base salary and that in some cases will make keep employees from earning overtime pay. Harvey said assistant managers and shift managers at the manufacturing level are the two areas possibly impacted from the law. In manufacturing, a plant’s ability to run at its optimum pace is key to its overall profitability, and tampering with workforce hours could cause a plant to run less efficiently. Jack Murders, plant manager of Marshalltown Tools in Fayetteville, said the facility does have a limited number of employees who will be affected by the new standards. “We have a plan to make sure we remain in compliance and it involves a couple of different approaches depending on job responsibility, current pay, etc. I’m not ready to discuss specifics because the employees in question do not yet know what our plans are,” Murders said. He said overall the plan to deal with the new rule change won’t likely have a major impact on the business or the employee’s pay. Harvey said companies are working to comply with the rule but another regulation is the last thing they want to deal with. Fayetteville-based Casestack officers say the new rule won’t create problems, but CEO Dan Sanker said work agreements should be between companies and employees without outside interference. “Rules like this don’t always work in the favor of employees. I’ve personally had opportunities in my career that I wouldn’t have had because a company had the freedom to hire me for an unpaid internship, or at a lower rate with potential upside. I appreciate that the government thinks it’s helping, but rules about how people get paid can take away stepping-stones that give employees and employers a chance to take a risk with each other. Millions of those small risks launch careers and build businesses,” said Sanker, who is also the founder of Casestack. Harvey said small businesses could be those most impacted from the rule change, as even the Council has one employee that may fall under the new rules. He said owners will have to keep a much tighter watch on the hours worked by salaried employees or pay out overtime which may not be in the budget. Steve Clark, CEO of the Fayetteville Chamber of Commerce, said they recently held a seminar in conjunction with the Arkansas State Chamber to educate small businesses on the new rule changes and the response from the nearly one dozen local companies who attended the session was somewhat surprising. “We thought we would have a few companies scream like their hair was on fire with this new rule change but once the entire law was explained and discussed we saw these businesses change their tune. Many thought they would have to raise the salary to the $47,476 range and that would likely bankrupt them. But when they realized what they really needed to do was better monitor the hours worked among their salaried staffs and adhere to the 40-hour a week maximum that was somewhat a relief,” Clark said. He said the small companies began to reflect on their operations and quickly decided a good strategy would be to examine the business closely and determine how many hours it takes do a particular job and then realign the staff. “The old adage, ‘Work ’til you get the job done,’ won’t fly any more under the new rule. Now it will have to be go home at five o’clock, or if you stay late, you will go home early tomorrow or come in later,” Clark said. “There will also be more policing of hours for instance that 90-minute lunch is probably out and the 25-minute conversation around the water cooler about last weekend’s game will have to stop.” Clark said the rule comes at a time when many businesses have been running skeleton crews and are hesitant to hire more workers because of they don’t know what’s around the bend. “We used to say to do more with less, but that’s got to change if a business is going to be in compliance with the new rules on Dec. 1,” Clark said. “One business owner admitted that perhaps some owners have worked small crews hard over the past few years to the point of diminishing returns. In other words, running short one or two people makes the staff tired and less productive by the end of the day. That has got to change.” Clark said the chamber is making some staff changes because of night events that might extend a staff members work 2 hours of more. He said none of the businesses in the workshop were prepared to raise their salary workers pay to $47,476 and few plan to pay much overtime, so workers will likely have more time off at the same pay and that alone could help company morale and performance. “I was pleasantly surprised to see the group we had see this as an opportunity to reflect on their own operations and perhaps make them better managers with a good understanding of what it takes to do every job they have,” Clark said. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 4shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Justin Allen Marijuana and the constitutionality of ‘Shall means shall’ Randy Zook Issue 3 will mean jobs for Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: 3 concerns with Issue 3 Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating the BS from the Trump effect on Calif. vote? Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro, police say Homelessness drops across nation, but California count rises Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Reid Travis, Stanford defense thwart Weber State New A’s president Dave Kaval focused on stadium, community Jalen Richard’s ascent with Raiders a surprise even to him Cal’s Chad Hansen makes name on field, in end zone Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Facebook adds FacioMetrics; a mansplaining hotline Judge scolds SF, Airbnb while staying fines in short-term rental Airbnb aims to handle full-service travel, competing with Expedia Business News Roundup, Nov. 18 Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again The latest from Dear Abby Paul Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ gives Huppert her defining role Johnny Marr on tour with autobiography, not band Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t The Elite Café: remodeled and refreshed La Urbana closes on Divisadero Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Hot Property: Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How to Ace a 30-Minute Interview Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Coke-Walmart-bungle-9-11-display-Lauer-woes-9211259.php Coke, Walmart bungle 9/11 display; Lauer woes; 49ers’ Amazon deal Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:11 pm, Thursday, September 8, 2016 Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Matt Lauer looks on during the forum. Matt Lauer looks on during the forum. Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Coke, Walmart bungle 9/11 display; Lauer woes; 49ers’ Amazon deal 1 / 1 Back to Gallery D’oh! Honoring local firefighters and the people who died on 9/11 might be a noble cause, but not when you stack a bunch of Coke cans to look like the World Trade Center. After getting mocked online, Walmart removed such a display from its Panama City Beach, Florida, store, saying “there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display.” A photo on Twitter showed the twin towers built of Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A banner said, “We will never forget,” with the Coca-Cola and Walmart logos in a corner. Hashtag this #LaueringTheBar After Wednesday’s national security forum that featured interviews with presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, plenty of people on Twitter had a clear message for NBC host Matt Lauer: Don’t quit your “Today“ job. Some didn’t like what the host allowed to be said, what he didn’t challenge, how much time he spent on certain issues and generally how unqualified he seemed to be. Tailgating with Amazon The 49ers and Amazon Prime Now are teaming up to help fans get stuff delivered for their tailgate parties. Amazon spokeswoman Amanda Ip said deliveries will be available for the last four hours before 49ers home games in various parking lots. Prime costs $7.99 for one-hour delivery, but what about evading Levi’s Stadium’s notorious traffic? Ip said workers will walk, bike, take mass transit or drive to make their deliveries. No drones (sigh). Compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TRUMP'S TRANSITION TEAM Trump picks Sen. Sessions for AG, Rep. Pompeo for CIA chief Trump reportedly considering Romney for secretary of state Latest News Kanye West tells San Jose crowd he would've voted for Trump Dying girl convinces judge to let her body be frozen Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law BART ridership dropped slightly in the summer 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's' Lisa Lynn Masters dead at 52 Police: Gunfight on wheels rolls through San Leandro Grandma accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving Man suspected of having sex with underage girl Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car 12 takeaways from the Calif. vote: Separating BS from reality Study: 2 gun-control laws really do lower homicides (3 others... Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questions What will pollsters do after 2016? The 16 tech positions with the biggest gender pay gaps 17 questions to ask yourself before taking a new job Bernal Heights home gutted, now selling for $3.2 mil Sea Cliff mansion with Golden Gate views goes for almost $18M Time picks 100 most influential photos of all time Rare, unseen photos will make you see SF in a new way Today's Gate Features Locally-made beers you must try this winter Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as U.S. says goodbye SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Grab this normally $100 touchscreen smartwatch for just $30 Save $35 on these cutting-edge, truly wireless earbuds Most Popular 1 Lisa Lynn Masters, ‘Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,’ ‘Law &... 2 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 3 Obama warns Trump: 'If you're not serious' about the... 4 Patterson man suspected of having sex with girl in Oakland 5 Horoscope for Friday, 11/18/16 by Christopher Renstrom 6 Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case 7 The 10 best Michelle Obama memes as America says goodbye to... 8 Grandmother accidentally invites random teen to Thanksgiving... 9 2020 presidential candidates, ranked by Vegas odds 10 Megyn Kelly shut down a Trump supporter who said Japanese... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Opinion The Conversation Florida Walmart takes heat for soda-themed 9/11 memorial FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort The Associated Press FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort is part of Wal-Mart's overall strategy to making shopping easier and faster. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort is part of Wal-Mart's overall strategy to making shopping easier and faster. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) (The Associated Press) By Abby HamblinContact Reporter Panama September 11 Attacks The 15th anniversary of the terrorist attacks in America on Sept. 11, 2001 is this weekend, and one super store's attempt at a memorial is falling very short. In Panama City, Florida, a Walmart built a display that included twin towers made of Coca-Cola Zero, and an American flag behind it made of other red, white and blue Coke product packaging. Above the display was a banner that said "We Will Never Forget" which also included the symbols for Coca-Cola and Walmart. And oh yeah, there was a sign showing the Coke products used were on sale. The Panama City Walmart display Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The photo, posted Tuesday by Twitter user @online_shawn has been retweeted and liked thousands of times, leading to a slow build of outrage across social media. "One of the lamest things I've ever seen." Pure outrage. @online_shawn @geeoharee Oh man, they have GOT to be kidding.— Truly S. (@hotincleveland) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @RedSoxPres This is just wrong.— Jerry Swider (@bassetcats1) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn Is that real?! Dear God, tell me that isn't real.— Vagenda of Manocide (@librarianatrix) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn I have no words. @CocaCola @Walmart Pitiful. Making a $ off of lives lost and the attack of our Country. Disgusting.— Julia Hassett (@juliebeams) September 8, 2016 Some people were blaming the entire state of Florida. @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/4WUuwYO6a2— Fim Oshin (@TheRealOshin97_) September 6, 2016 However some people found the display to be appropriate. @online_shawn What is the problem here? Coca Cola is paying tribute to our fallen. Find something important to be offended about!— Kelcey (@Kelceyrae1) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn to all here who are offended by this..........why....?— Aaron (@Cmonnn145) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn nothing wrong with this display...way to go making a simple tribute into a controversial topic...— Jerry Le (@lerugby09) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn Who cares? We have serious problems in the country and people are upset over a soda display?— Wave of Liberty (@waveofliberty) September 8, 2016 A Walmart spokesperson told Orlando Weekly that the display has since been taken down. He also said the idea for the display was ultimately approved by Walmart. Sadly, this Walmart isn't alone in trying to cash in on the memorial over the years. One Twitter user pointed to this outrageous tweet by SpaghettiOs in 2013. Uh-oh SpaghettiOs And the 2013 "Brand Hall of Shame" champion welcomes a new challenger https://t.co/959tgKeF2W @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/unYrOHxiGF— Judson (@judsontwit) September 7, 2016 We apologize for our recent tweet in remembrance of Pearl Harbor Day. We meant to pay respect, not to offend.— SpaghettiOs (@SpaghettiOs) December 7, 2013 Out of touch or thoughtful? You tell us. Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 54°
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»WAL-MART AKTIE»Walmart Makes Twin Towers 9/11 Tribute Out Of Coke Cans WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19  Euro +0,358 +0,55 % WKN: 860853  ISIN: US9311421039 Ticker-Symbol: WMT  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 09:33 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHandel AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 64,62 64,77 15:47 64,61 64,74 15:47 08.09.2016 | 23:27 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Walmart Makes Twin Towers 9/11 Tribute Out Of Coke Cans BENTONVILLE (dpa-AFX) - Walmart was heavily criticized after the retail giant stacked up packages of soda cans to look like the World Trade Center at a Florida store. The retail giant meant it to be a tribute to 9/11 victims ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terrorist attack, however, it backfired and was mocked and criticized by everyone. The World Trade Center towers were recreated using Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. A printed sign above the display read 'We will never forget' with a photo of the twin towers and the logos for Walmart and Coca-Cola in a corner. Walmart, in a statement, said the display was removed. 'We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended by the display,' it said. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu WAL-MART STORES INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 15:28 Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart ► Artikel lesen 13:04 Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Kulmbach - Wal-Mart-Aktie: Beim Bruch der 200-Tage-Linie Position verlassen! Aktienanalyse Martin Weiss, stellvertretender Chefredakteur vom Anlegermagazin "Der Aktionär", rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse... ► Artikel lesen 12:26 Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology ► Artikel lesen 10:58 Walmart: Online-Sparte legt zu - Gewinn sinkt Der Gewinn des weltgrößten Einzelhändlers Walmart sank, verglichen mit 2015, um 8,2 % auf 3 Mrd. Dollar (2,8 Mrd. Euro). Allerdings kann man beim zweiten Blick auf die Zahlen feststellen, dass Walmart... ► Artikel lesen 09:22 BSN Spitouts Ranking: Wal-Mart stürzt im Dow-Ranking ab Diese Ranking-Änderungen hat die Statistikdatenbank des BSN ausgespuckt. ATX Folgende Veränderungen im ytd-Ranking: RBI (1 Platz gutgemacht, von 6 auf 5); dazu, Verbund (-1, von 5 auf 6), CA Immo (+1... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart WAL-MART STORES INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % WAL-MART STORES INC 65,19 +0,55 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Latin Grammys 2016 Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Seal Latin Grammys 2016 Performance With a Kiss Soccer and Rebirth: Carlos Vives Teases New CD/DVD Project, 'Carlos Vives + Amigos' Prince Royce & Gerardo Ortiz Talk Banda Version of 'Moneda' During Facebook Live Marc Anthony Honored by Colleagues During Person of the Year Ceremony: 'I Feel More Alive Than Ever' Tiesto & Budweiser Team Up for Branded Beers Following Tomorrowland Partnership 9/8/2016 by Kat Bein FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Jordan Loyd Tiesto onstage at Tomorrowland Festival.  Next time you're in England heading to the UK's version of Walmart, you can grab yourself a Budweiser with Tiesto's logo on it. Hold up, what? Tiesto has been working that Budweiser grind for about a year and a half, and it's a corporate sponsorship unlike most others in that parent company Anheuser-Busch InBev is down to do wild and crazy things – like surprise 30,000 unsuspecting campers at Tomorrowland with an exclusive, one-hour Tiesto performance. “They realized it was me as soon as I walked into the DJ booth,” Tiesto said. “The energy was crazy when they saw I was the special guest. It was fun seeing the reactions on their faces.” Watch Tiësto Trick EDC Las Vegas Attendees Into Thinking He's Marshmello The night before festival gates opened, Tomorrowland held a special party on a major stage just outside of Dreamville where campers make their home for the weekend. It was a lineup of mostly local acts, and no one could have ever expected Tiesto to make an appearance. There was a 10-minute intro complete with next-level spectacles like dancers descending from the sky, fireworks, and insane imagery. The first clue was a Tiesto voice-over talking about how excited he was to be there, but the real reaction came when he hit the stage. “You don't get to do a surprise set for 30,000 people very often,” Tiesto's manager Andrew Goldstone said. “It was totally fun, and he had a great time because he felt free to play a lot of different stuff.” You know he dropped his recent collaboration with Jauz, “Infected.” The track was made in partnership with Budweiser special for the Tomorrowland season. Tiesto & Jauz Team With Budweiser and Tomorrowland to Create Explosive Collaboration 'Infected' “Jauz is an extremely talented producer with a unique sound and style and it was great to work with him,” Tiesto says. “He put things in the track I would never have thought of. I think that the track blows you away. So much energy.” The idea with Budweiser goes that a truck full of Bud was parked next to the stage so that the beer could be “infused” with the power of Tiesto's bangin' beats. That special bpm-injected brew is now being sold in Asda stores throughout locations in England, Ireland, and elsewhere. Americans probably can't get their hands on it without resorting to the internet or friends and relatives overseas. True superfans always find a way. “A lot of brands are like 'we just want something EDM,' and that's not what ( Anheuser-Busch InBev) is about at all,” Goldstone says. “They get the value of integrating in the experience without hitting people over the head with it.” Don't hit your friend over the head with your limited-edition Tiesto Budweiser either, okay? Or maybe don't open it at all. If you're looking to snag one yourself, hit up Asda online. You're welcome.  FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada September 8, 2016 4:24 pm Updated: September 8, 2016 4:52 pm US man in hot water after floating to Canada on air mattress By Staff The Canadian Press ; A man relaxes on an inflatable lilo along the Mediterranean Sea on August 7, 2016. FILE - JOSEP LAGO/AFP/Getty Images What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen SAINT JOHN, N.B. – A young U.S. resident, driven by what he said was a desire to protect his Canadian girlfriend, used an air mattress to float across the St. Croix River in southeastern Maine and illegally enter New Brunswick late Wednesday, a Crown prosecutor says. Twenty-five-year-old John Bennett told police he had earlier tried to cross the border at Calais, Maine, but customs officers denied him entry because he was facing mischief charges in the U.S., lawyer Peter Thorn said Thursday. Story continues below “He was told by the officer that until he got those cleared up, he wouldn’t be admitted into Canada,” the prosecutor said. Bennett was sentenced Thursday to two months in jail. Thorn said the provincial court in Saint John, N.B., was told Bennett purchased an air mattress at the local Walmart, inflated it and later used a wooden board to paddle across to an area near Ledge Road, southeast of St. Stephen, N.B. READ MORE: 1,500 people returned to Michigan after floating across Canadian border However, a local resident spotted the man, and he was later arrested by the RCMP and charged with failing to appear at the border crossing as required by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. “He was wet and carrying his boots … (and) walking towards the town,” said Thorn, a lawyer representing the federal Public Prosecution Service of Canada. Before Bennett pleaded guilty to the charge Thursday, he told police he had to reach his pregnant girlfriend in Canada because he was worried for her safety, Thorn said. “He said she had an ex-boyfriend who was threatening her, but that hasn’t been confirmed by the other party,” he said. Bennett has no fixed address but is believed to live in Calais. The prosecutor said he had heard of people swimming across the river before, but he said the air mattress method was a novel approach. As for the judge hearing the case, Thorn said he told the accused: “Pardon the pun, but it seems to me you wanted to get there, come hell or high water.” WATCH: Americans accidentally invading Canada on rafts rescued by coast guard    © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error air mattress border crossing on an air mattress canada air mattress illegal entry to canada Maine New Brunswick Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Community Bloggers Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Football Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Gymnastics Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Community Videos Submit Your Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Two accused of causing crash while fleeing Eastlake police (photos) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on September 08, 2016 at 5:14 PM comments Brandy TillettEastlake police  Joshua Bailey.jpgEastlake police  EASTLAKE, Ohio -- Two Cleveland residents are accused of causing a car crash following a short police chase Sunday in Eastlake. Officers tried to stop a 2006 Ford after learning the people inside were suspected of shoplifting at Walmart on Vine Street. The driver refused to stop and crashed into a van on Euclid Avenue, police said. The crash pushed the Ford into a street sign and several trees and caused it to overturn. Officers arrested a passenger in the car and arrested the driver hiding nearby, police said. The driver, Brandy Tillett, 32, of Cleveland, is charged with theft, receiving stolen property, failure to comply, reckless operation and driving without a valid license. Her passenger, Joshua Bailey, 32, of Cleveland, is charged with theft, receiving stolen property, resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer. Tillett and Bailey pleaded not guilty during their arraignments Tuesday in Willoughby Municipal Court. Both are scheduled to appeared at preliminary hearings Sept. 13, records show. A Walmart employee reported just after 8:45 p.m. that two people loaded a cart full of merchandise into their car and drove away. An Eastlake officer spotted the car turning onto SOM Center Road from Vine Street. The driver ignored the officer's order to stop and kept driving onto the Lakeland Freeway toward Interstate 90. The van hit the Ford's passenger side at Euclid Avenue, police said. The van's passengers were taken to Hillcrest Hospital for treatment of non-life-threatening injuries. At least one person in the van suffered a broken shoulder, court records show. Officers arrested Bailey in the overturned Ford. They found Tillett hiding in a recycling bin outside a house on East 267th Street, police said. Neither Bailey nor Tillett was injured. Investigators later learned the Ford had been reported stolen in Elyria, records show. To comment on this story, please visit our crime and courts comments section. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit Fall & Winter photos The seasons are changing & there's a chill in the air. It's time for fall and winter adventures near & far. Send us your fall & winter photos ... Share your photos» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Eastlake news in your inbox Sign up for our Eastlake newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Eastlake HS Sports Latest Eastlake North HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Top Local Stories Deontae Mitchell case: Last defendants to be sentenced in murder News Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Elections Henry Ford College to hold adjunct faculty job fair Business Bakery associated with Capuchin Soup Kitchen broken into News 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side News Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Weather Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint News Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death Washtenaw County FBI joins investigation after 3 women rescued from suspected sex trafficking ring in SW Detroit News FBI raids New York church after civil rights activists intervene News Trump offers Flynn job of national security adviser News Minnesota Mom Sues Her Trans Child Over Gender Reassignment News News Florida Walmart faces backlash over 9/11 Coke display Display has reportedly been removed By Shannon McLellan - Social Media Producer Posted: 2:33 PM, September 08, 2016 Updated: 4:28 PM, September 08, 2016 PANAMA CITY, Fla. - A Panama City Walmart is facing backlash over a Remember 9/11 Coca-Cola display at their store. The black Coke Zero cans are built in two tall columns, resembling in the World Trade Center, while other Coca-Cola cans form an American flag in the background. The banner that hangs over the display reads: "We Will Never Forget."  Twitter user Shawn Richard tweeted a picture of the display, which sparked outrage on Twitter. According to Orlando Weekly, Walmart initially approved the design. It has since been removed.   Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Latest Videos 60-year-old man shot, killed at front door on Detroit's west side Metro Detroit weather: Could break record high today Man arrested for having gun at Detroit Metro Airport checkpoint Mom points no fingers in son's accidental shooting death U.S. and World News Sources: Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA director China is ready to pounce if Trump axes Pacific trade deal Trump official: Rep. Mike Pompeo to be nominated for CIA director Trump's transition rollercoaster ride Entertainment News Teen hits back at ISIS by sculpting Nimrud's ruined artifacts Eminem's flop debut album 'Infinite' getting another look Watch the "Hob Nobble Gobble" Presented by Ford on Local 4, Friday at 8 P.M. Court blocks release of 'Making a Murderer's' Brendan Dassey Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World September 8, 2016 2:55 pm Updated: September 8, 2016 3:29 pm Teen who grew up homeless recognized for giving shoes to homeless man By Jenny Rodrigues Multimedia Producer  Global News WATCH: Phil Powell said he will always be willing to give to someone in need. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A teen working as a Walmart greeter in Georgia was honoured by his school district on Tuesday after he was photographed taking off his sneakers and giving them to a homeless man. “I looked at his appearance, and I realized he had no shoes, oversized shirt, oversized pants on, and his wife had holes in her socks, so I just knew, ‘Something’s not right,'” said Phil Powell. “I know he needs shoes, so let me just be a blessing for somebody else.” Story continues below Powell told NBC-affiliate WXIA that he experienced homelessness, off and on, for 10 years. READ MORE: Homeless man who lost his family to be treated to day of luxury from Calgary businesses “I’m 18 now and my last time being homeless was last year, right around my birthday,” he said. During difficult times, he felt buoyed by others’ acts of kindness towards him. “I was turning 13, and there was this man at my church, and he didn’t actually know it was my birthday, but I had complimented him on his shoes, and he said, ‘Do you want them?'” he recalled. “Most people just don’t understand, like, what something so little can mean to somebody else in their life.” READ MORE: Police officer pays for hotel and food for homeless woman and baby who escaped alleged abusive home Earlier this summer when he noticed the homeless couple at Walmart, he paid it forward by removing his own shoes – pink Converse sneakers – and giving them to the man. “I have some people who come to Walmart and tell me, they’ve seen the man on the side of the road, they’ve seen the pink Converses on,” he said. The high school senior was honoured Tuesday evening at a Douglas County Board of Education meeting with recognition for his act of kindness. “We are proud that he is one of ours,” school officials said in a statement. Powell hopes to continue his giving back by going into the medical field to study allergies. “My life is not the best. But at the end, I’m trying to make it the best,” he said. “Whether I have something to give or not, if I see someone in need, I will always be willing to give.” Follow @jennynotjen © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Act of kindness Converse Sneakers Georgia Homeless Man Homeless Teen Gives Shoes Teen Gives Homeless Man Shoes Walmart Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labelling all Donald Trump voters racist 9703 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 8561 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 8270 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 7786 How the ‘mystery shopper’ scam fooled a young mother, a factory worker and a senior 5763 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.


null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › News › World Wal-Mart store's Coke display stacked like Twin Towers removed Published 08/09/2016 0 Comments Share Wal-Mart store's Coke display stacked like Twin Towers removed BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Wal-Mart said a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Centre at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the September 11 attacks. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/walmart-stores-coke-display-stacked-like-twin-towers-removed-35033828.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35033827.ece/52166/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-a7cafaa2-9ea5-4f0e-a91d-7e242ef685e4_I1.jpg Email Coca-cola apologised over the display Wal-Mart said a display of Coke cans stacked to look like the World Trade Centre at a Florida store has been removed and was not meant to be disrespectful near the anniversary of the September 11 attacks. The display was criticised online after a photo was posted on Twitter, and BuzzFeed wrote about it. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG— Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 The photo showed the World Trade Centre towers built with Coke Zero packages. A backdrop of the American flag was made with red regular Coke, silver Diet Coke and blue Sprite. Wal-Mart said the display was removed on Wednesday. It said: "We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended." The Coca-Cola bottler for the region said the display was meant to honour local firefighters. It apologised and said the display has been replaced. AP Related Content Texas mattress company apologises for 'tasteless' 9/11 ad Read More Seven from same family killed amid Aleppo bombardment in Syria  Intensive bombing has hit rebel-held eastern areas of the city of Aleppo in Syria, hitting an area housing hospitals and reportedly killing seven members of the same family. German teenager accused of editing Islamic State propaganda  An 18-year-old has been charged in Germany with supporting a terrorist organisation by translating Islamic State propaganda and correcting errors. Suicide attackers leave civilians dead in Nigeria city attacks  Suicide bombers have attacked a checkpoint and bustling bus station in a Nigerian city, with four of them killed as well as two civilian defence fighters. 365 migrants 'dead or missing' after Mediterranean shipwrecks  The UN's migration watcher has said it now believes 365 people are dead or missing from Mediterranean shipwrecks in recent days. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World US court stops Making A Murderer inmate's release  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on websites  World The Shining actress Shelley Duvall reveals mental illness  World Donald Trump could make Sinn Fein ally Peter King counter-terror chief in White House  World Anger after Daily Express confuses Ireland and Northern Ireland on Brexit tea caddy  UK Video: Queen meets Portuguese President  Video News UK charity warns tourists in Dubai not to report rape after woman who was 'gang raped'...  World Why pets like Walnut make us better human beings simply for having them share...  Gail Walker Northern Ireland MLAs' failed Brexit legal challenge referred to Supreme Court Ex-property tycoon Taggart brothers owe another €4m to Ulster Bank Fantasia Barrino slims down after struggling with 'pressure of perfection' Belfast could get 50 more offices over the next five years Patricia Cornwell: 'When I was outed as a lesbian, I didn't leave my house for a month - I was afraid, horrified and humiliated' Revealed: Worst place in NI for car thefts Level-headed Belfast dog goes viral Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Limelight for Circus, November 15 [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's, Nov 13  From Belfast Telegraph Sunday Life Female warder bound with sticking tape to chair by laughing inmates  World Trump could make Sinn Fein ally counter-terror chief  Northern Ireland Snow arrives in Northern Ireland  Northern Ireland Terrified Branson feared he would die in Limavady  News Analysis News Analysis: Opinion: Time lift barrier on tolls in Northern Ireland  World China bans 'fatty' Kim Jong Un nickname on web  Northern Ireland Coalisland traffic warden flees after threats  Technology New jet will do London to New York in three hours  Northern Ireland 2,000 fined for using bus lanes in dead of night  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Gus Lubin Sep. 8, 2016, 2:32 PM 3,378 facebook linkedin twitter email print Remember when Jet.com promised mind-blowing discounts? Jet.com Jet.com launched last year with the promise of "mind-blowing" discounts against Amazon. More than a year later, however, the startup is struggling to match Amazon in prices and key inventory, according to new data. Boomerang Commerce conducted a study for Business Insider shortly after Walmart announced it was acquiring Jet for $3.3 billion in August.  Boomerang compared 331 best-sellers from Amazon that were listed and in-stock on Jet. It found that Jet was cheaper on only 16% of the items, while Amazon was cheaper on 44%. Meanwhile, Jet’s list prices were 16% more expensive than Amazon’s on average for items in the study. The study did not include Jet’s proprietary basket building savings, where prices fall when you buy items that can be shipped together. Even considering those, which add a 5% discount for the average basket, according to Jet, Jet is struggling to beat Amazon. Jet is also failing to match Amazon on key inventory. Of 1,600 best sellers from Amazon picked for the study, only 24% were listed on Jet. And that's just key inventory: Amazon's vast inventory blows away Jet's selection for less common items. Jet performed much better in a similar study conducted by Boomerang for the Wall Street Journal in September 2015. In that study, Jet was cheaper on 73% of items, while Amazon was cheaper on only 24%, even if Amazon was 3% cheaper on average. Jet’s inventory looked better at the time, too, with listings for 31% of the 1,600 best sellers from Amazon. Jet’s original business model promised discounts of up to 15% for customers who paid a $50 annual membership fee, subsidizing prices with the sales commission it collected from merchants. In October 2015, however, the startup abandoned its membership fee, while still promising discounts of around 5%. In November 2015, the Journal reported that Jet was bleeding money. Brandon Young at Boomerang said Jet appeared to stock items only when it could get a good deal: "Where Amazon is an endless aisle and sells items forever, Jet is more flash sale." Young said Jet’s selection, not to mention pricing, could improve after a merger with Walmart: "They’re now dealing in much bigger volumes. They may be able to leverage that to get much bigger deals." Jet, for its part, says it is beating Amazon where it counts. "For those items viewed on Jet, we are more frequently at parity with or below Amazon shipped and sold but the more important point is that our baskets cost less when people shop smarter using our proprietary system," the company said in a statement. Amazon did not respond to requests for comment. Even if Jet is slipping in price against Amazon, some people will stick with it. Indeed, this reporter recently started using it. In short, Jet is cheaper on some basic items, sells fresh groceries in some areas, and offers free two-day shipping for orders over $35. If that’s all you care about, it’s a good deal. By comparison, Amazon’s basic service doesn’t have fresh groceries and requires you to spend $49 for free two-day shipping; Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service has free two-day on many items and a bunch of bonus online content but no fresh groceries; Amazon’s $299-a-year Prime Fresh service has all Prime features and fresh groceries. Amazon also has a wonderfully robust review system, while Jet has no reviews at all, so Jet customers may find themselves frequently checking Amazon anyway. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: How Amazon is taking over retail in one chart DON'T MISS: There's an Uber for every letter of the alphabet NOW WATCH: Animated map shows where your bottled water actually comes from Loading video... More: Amazon Jet.com eCommerce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Jet isn’t actually cheaper than Amazon, study finds Jet.com launched last year with the promise of... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all BREAKING NEWS: Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Divorce in US 'drops to its lowest level in 35 years while marriage is up to its highest rate since 2009' Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' Parents slam Texas high school after two 10th graders were allowed to perform skit portraying the assassination of Donald Trump in front of classmates  'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Previous Next Walmart and Coca-Cola are slammed for disrespectful and 'tacky' 9/11 tribute in Florida store just three days before 15th anniversary Staff set up the display in the branch in Panama City, Florida  Packed Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers Sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' was set up next to adverts for bargains Furious social media users then slammed the display as 'tacky' and wrong'  Walmart took down the display following the barrage of criticism The superstore have since blamed Coca-Cola, saying design was their idea Both companies have apologized for the display   By Wills Robinson For Dailymail.com Published: 13:53 EST, 8 September 2016 | Updated: 17:14 EST, 8 September 2016 e-mail 1.7k shares 426 View comments A Walmart store's shocking tribute to 9/11 has sparked fury just three days ahead of the 15th anniversary of the terror attacks. Tone-deaf staff at the branch in Panama City, Florida, decided to stack up packs of Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers. Above the disrespectful display was a sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' alongside a banner advertising a 'Rollback' on the $3.33 soft drinks. On Sunday, people will gather at ceremonies across the country to remember the 2,996 people killed in the terrorist attacks.  The superstore slammed Coca-Cola, saying the design was their idea. Both firms have since apologized. Clueless: Staff decided to stack up packs of Coca-Cola, Sprite and water in the shape of the Twin Towers just days before the 15th anniversary of the attacks Above the disrespectful display was a sign reading 'We Will Never Forget' alongside a a banner advertising a 'Rollback' on the $3.33 soft drinks A customer took a picture of the arrangement and uploaded it to Twitter.  Shawn Richard posted a picture of the display which presented Coke Zero in place of Ground Zero. He told BuzzFeed: 'We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god. 'Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn't very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.' Furious social media users then slammed the display as 'tacky' and wrong'.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next GMA's Robin Roberts tells Tom Hanks how she saw 'Miracle on... Families of 9/11 victims describe the 'pain in their hearts'... Long-lost flag from famous 9/11 photo is found in Washington... 'They don't know it yet, but they're going to pay for it':... Share this article Share 1.7k shares Staff at the store (pictured) have since taken down the display. Both Walmart and Coca-Cola have apologized  Furious social media users then slammed the display, prompting Walmart to take it down Andrew Baker showed his frustration online, saying it was 'tacky' The display was taken down after the image started to circulate.  Walmart said the display was removed Wednesday.  A spokesman for the company said: 'We hold this moment in our country's history in the highest regard, and there was nothing disrespectful intended.' Coca-Cola said the display was meant to honor local firefighters. It apologized and said it has replaced the display.  It is not the first time 9/11 tributes have been condemned for being tone deaf. In 2014, the cheerleading squad from Lumberton High School in Texas was slammed for performing a routine to God Bless the USA with audio of the first news reports of the attacks on that fateful day. The same year a Birmingham-based tie company tweeted a photograph of the burning Twin Towers, asking their followers to get them 2,296 retweets In 2013, AT&T tweeted an image of a phone snapping a picture of the World Trade Center's tribute lights. They quickly deleted and tweeted an apology.  One customer said the display was 'disgusting' and 'unacceptable' and vowed never to shop in their stores again  Truly S wrote on Twitter that they thought the actions of store staff was a joke  This person said the arrangement was 'sick', but 'not in a good way'        Read more: Shawn (@online_shawn) on Twitter People Are Pretty Pissed About Walmart's 9/11-Themed Soda Display - BuzzFeed News Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.7k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant In LA 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... 'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police... Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Trump offers retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn job as National Security Adviser: Former intelligence chief and... MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition 'gave AWAY their five adopted children after getting home of their dreams'  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns amid Trump transition - ending his 50 year career MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  President-elect Donald Trump nearing settlement in Trump University case: Source × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Walmart in Florida removes Coke display in shape of doomed World Trade Center Dan Mangan | @_DanMangan Thursday, 8 Sep 2016 | 1:54 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Walmart&#039;s Coke Zero display depicts Ground Zero</p> <p>The big box retailer and Coca-Cola face heat on social media over a store display in Florida.</p> Walmart's Coke Zero display depicts Ground Zero    Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 9:30 AM ET | 00:33 Here's a really — really — bad way to honor the victims of 9/11. A Walmart store in Florida has taken down a large display of Coke products that depicted the doomed Twin Towers at the World Trade Center after a Twitter user posted a photo of it. A large banner showing the skyline of lower Manhattan with the Twin Towers hung over two pillars made up of stacked cartons of Coke Zero, with the words "We Will Never Forget." The banner, carrying the logos of Coca-Cola and Walmart, also said "9-11-01," the date of the terror attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people in Manhattan, the Pentagon and Shanksville, Pennsylvania, 15 years ago Sunday. Right below that banner was another sign saying, "Rollback $3.33," referring to special price for the the Coke Zero, Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite and other soft drink cartons that comprised the boneheaded display. "Florida c'mon man," tweeted @online_shawn on Tuesday after snapping a photo of the arrangement. Tweet The tweet has been retweeted more than 2,500 times, and favorited more than 4,000 times. The Orlando Weekly reported that a Wal-Mart spokesman told the newspaper that the display had been erected in a store in Panama City, Florida, and that it would be taken down. The spokesman also said that Wal-Mart approved the display after it was suggested by Coca-Cola. A Coca-Cola spokeswoman said, "This display was meant to honor local firefighters and to support their organization's upcoming event." "We sincerely apologize that anyone was offended or misunderstood its intent, and we have replaced the display," said Kimberly Kuo, the Coke spokeswoman. Dan ManganReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- KO --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 56° 56° Low 50° High 77° Sat 53° 71° Sun 54° 67° Mon 51° 65° See complete forecast Severe weather alert BREAKING: Jeff Sessions Selected by Trump for Attorney General, Official Says Florida Wal-Mart Removes 9/11-Themed Coke Display After Photo Sparks Backlash Posted 10:39 AM, September 8, 2016, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 12:34pm, September 8, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email A 9/11-themed Coke display at a Wal-Mart in Panama City Florida prompted outrage after pictures of it circulated on Twitter this week, according to KTLA sister station WGHP. Shawn Richard tweeted a picture of the display, which presented Coke Zero in place of Ground Zero. The photo spurred thousands of angry retweets about the beverage company’s marketing ploy. Florida c'mon man pic.twitter.com/HU4y2rxgFG — Shawn (@online_shawn) September 6, 2016 “We stopped and stared at it like, oh my god,” Richard told BuzzFeed News. “Nobody seemed to be noticing it, it wasn’t very crowded, and I got the feeling that it had just been assembled. So we took some pics and went on our way.” A Wal-Mart spokesman told the Orlando Weekly that the company initially approved the display. He said Coca-Cola usually approaches them with ideas for display ideas, but that Wal-Mart ultimately has final approval. The display was eventually taken down, the publication reported. Sunday will mark the 15th anniversary of the terror attack. A total of 2,977 people were killed in New York City, Washington, DC, and outside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania, after 19 men hijacked four fuel-loaded commercial airlines bound for California destinations on Sept. 11, 2001. @online_shawn @Walmart Walmart, this is disgusting and unacceptable. I will not be shopping in your stores again. — Eric Kabakoff (@erickabakoff) September 6, 2016 And the 2013 "Brand Hall of Shame" champion welcomes a new challenger https://t.co/959tgKeF2W @online_shawn pic.twitter.com/unYrOHxiGF — Judson (@judsontwit) September 7, 2016 i mean actually this is the most american thing i have ever seen, and it makes me want to die slow and painful https://t.co/kzcLvnjFjh — debbie down n out (@_mxdean) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @tovangar2 sick. And not in a good way. — Mrrwraoh (@mrrwraoh) September 7, 2016 @online_shawn @NeilGortz Tacky beyond belief. :/ — Daniel Gintner (@DreadJesterBatt) September 8, 2016 @online_shawn @JohnRiversToo Yikes! Bad taste. 😣 — craw (@cwforshizzle) September 7, 2016 This is THE ultimate in brand 9/11 cash-in tackiness and nothing will ever ever ever top it https://t.co/3VWNTcKfmx — Natasha Daly (@natashaldaly) September 7, 2016 CNN contributed to this story. 30.158813 -85.660206 Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Watch KTLA 5 News Every newscast plus replays streamed online Popular Arizona Grandmother’s Accidental Invite to Wrong Teen for Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Viral Texas Teacher Impregnated by 13-Year-Old Student She Had Sex With ‘on Almost Daily Basis’ Pleads Guilty: Report JetBlue Flash Sale Offers Flights as Low as $34; Book by Wednesday Video Shows Chili’s Manager Taking Away Free Meal From Army Veteran in Texas Latest News LA Auto Show- Opening Day Holidays at Disneyland Resort McDonald’s to Offer Table Service, Touch Screen Ordering at US Locations Fire Crews Respond to Pallet Yard Fire Burning in Perris Nation/World Mother Gives Birth in Checkout Line at Utah Wal-Mart, Insists on Paying for Merchandise Nation/World Photo Shows Dead Deer in Shopping Cart at Wal-Mart in Virginia Nation/World Texas Police Launch Investigation After Facebook Photos Show Man Apparently Dragging Girl By Hair Through Wal-Mart Nation/World Texas Baby Dies After Being Left in Hot Car for 9 Hours in Wal-Mart Parking Lot While Dad Was at Work Nation/World 1 Dead, 2 Injured as Good Samaritans Save Mom, Baby From Attackers Outside Wal-Mart in Kansas Money Smart Nation/World Nearly 1 Million Wal-Mart Workers Awarded Cash Bonuses as Part of Incentive Plan Local News Mom Arrested After Allegedly Leaving Baby in Car While Shopping at Wal-Mart in Palm Springs Nation/World Stranger Grabbed, Choked 4-Month-Old in Wal-Mart Checkout Line, Kansas Mother Says Nation/World Texas Teacher Brought to Tears When Good Samaritan Pays for Her School Supplies at Wal-Mart Nation/World Wal-Mart Now Selling Original Golden, Chocolate Deep-Fried Twinkies Nation/World Woman Dies After Being Run Over by Her Own Vehicle in Parking Lot of Memphis Wal-Mart Nation/World Idaho Teen Allegedly Raped by Truck Driver He Met Through Craigslist Ad Nation/World Wal-Mart to Cut 7,000 Jobs, Offer Workers New Role in Company Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Deadline Business TIFF 2016: Hipness Is Fleeting, But The Toronto Film Festival Still Cr… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News TV Academy Elects Hayma Washington Chairman & CEO Top Stories Awards ‘Rules Don’t Apply’s Warren Beatty: The Deadline Q&A by by Michael Cieply TV ‘Hawaii Five-O’: Masi Oka Exiting After Seven Seasons by by Michael Cieply Film Netflix Scores Legendary’s Sci-Fi Pic ‘Spectral’ by by Michael Cieply International Amazon Prime To Launch Worldwide With ‘Grand Tour’ by by Michael Cieply Business TIFF 2016: Hipness Is Fleeting, But The Toronto Film Festival Still Crushes With Numbers by Michael Cieply September 8, 2016 10:09am 0 Business News 2016 Toronto Film Festival The Magnificent Seven TIFF 2016 MGM Hipness fugit. That a certain dusty counter-cultural festival had lost it forever was clear last week, when the Wal-Mart in Rocklin, Ca., put a Burning Man display just inside its front door, complete with a two-page checklist of supplies and a table full of cheap LED flashlights and bottled water. Related 'Blue Jay' Triple Threat Mark Duplass On Recruiting Sarah Paulson For B&W Indie: "We Were Really Chasing Something" One could argue that the Toronto International Film Festival is also little less hip than it used to be. Oddly, the festival lost some of its street cred with the move some years ago from the Yorkville district, where movie stars and Harvey Weinstein wafted in and out of those classy hotels, to new quarters in the Bell Lightbox and environs. The music tents and displays on the closed streets outside have a slightly pre-packaged quality, sort of like Universal City Walk (or, now, the Santa Monica Promenade). Too, some of the season’s more urgent movie questions won’t be answered here. Denzel Washington is on hand for Thursday evening’s opening screenings of The Magnificent Seven. But Fences, of which he is star and director, will wait for a later debut; so there’s no way to know whether that film will ultimately steal energy from The Birth Of A Nation, which screens here Friday, and become a standard-bearer for those who would like to see African-American cinema better represented this Oscar season. Likewise, Billy Lynn’s Long Halftime Walk, from Ang Lee, won’t be here. So, until it appears at the New York Film Festival, it’s hard to tell whether the film, with its ultra-high frame rate, will bring the viewing revolution that failed to occur last year with Robert Zemeckis’s equally radical but little-seen The Walk, which had its premiere at the New York festival. Understand, Toronto is still a monster, loaded with 296 feature films, 138 of them, like Terry George’s The Promise, awaiting a first public showing, others, like Damien Chazelle’s La La Land, hoping to break out after showings at smaller festivals in Venice and Telluride. The feature documentaries alone, 52 of them, would sink most festivals. In truth, there is still too much here. No ticket to Disney’s Queen of Katwe on Saturday night? No matter, it would be hard anyway to squeeze between the Fox presentation of Hidden Figures, the annual Sony Pictures Classics dinner, and the international premiere of A24’s Moonlight. Squeezed out of The Promise world premiere on Sunday? Catch it on the rebound at a press and industry screening, and figure out how to keep your dates at the Participant Media party and the Nocturnal Animals screening, all at the same time. The Toronto festival might have lost a little of its cutting edge to the newly aggressive New York and AFI film festivals, and it has long had to push against Telluride and Venice, which come earlier. But it is still overwhelming.   Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 0 No Comments What's Hot on Deadline 1 Lisa Lynn Masters Dies: 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' Actress Was 52 2 Netflix Lands Legendary Sci-Fi Action Film 'Spectral' 3 'How To Get Away With Murder' Loses Series-Regular In Mid-Season Shocker [Spoiler] 4 'Hawaii Five-O': Masi Oka Exiting CBS Drama Series After Seven Seasons 5 Bill O'Reilly's Show Trounces Megyn Kelly's Appearance On Anderson Cooper's Show 6 Wrekin Hill Pins Down UFC Star Ronda Rousey Docu 'Through My Father's Eyes' For Spring Release 7 Ted Sarandos And Brian Grazer: Hollywood Is Moving Towards Greater Diversity 8 Thunder Studios Launches Indie Film Unit 9 'Doctor Strange' Actor Scott Adkins Heads To 'Accident Man' 10 'XXX: The Return Of Xander Cage' Trailer Hits 100M Views In Two Days Latest Business News SAG-AFTRA Picket At Insomniac Games Draws 400-Plus Protesters – And Bagpipes; Companies’ Rep Responds: Update Fox Searchlight Taps Meredith Milton As SVP Production Fox Film Ups Paul Hoffman To Head Of Biz Affairs AMC Networks Ups Georgia Juvelis & Jim Maiella To SVP Corp. Cmns Co-Bosses DGA & AMPTP Set Date For Start Of New Contract Talks Warner Bros Agrees To Buy Machinima More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Pinewood Atlanta Studios Selects Tech Guru Frank Patterson as… MacGyver's Lucas Till Talks Nicky's Big Reveal, the Hack He… JLo y Marc Anthony marcaron el gran momento de los Latin Grammy… Carolina Panthers — See Photos This pre-Black Friday sale at Best Buy might be too good to pass… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife VarietyLatino TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2016 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2016 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Purdue Opinion Sports Life Data Travel Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Purdue Opinion Sports Life Data Travel Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 93 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten. Post to Facebook Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten.  Check out this story on jconline.com: http://on.jconline.com/2c9F8kA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 14 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Bangert: Road rage or hate crime on Purdue prof? Dave Bangert , dbangert@jconline.com 6:52 p.m. EDT September 8, 2016 Either way, time to check ourselves in the case of Muslim Purdue professor followed home and beaten. Austin Bradley Gregory (Photo: Provided/Tippecanoe County Jail) WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — What actually brought a 21-year-old Tippecanoe County man to the driveway of a Purdue University professor Saturday evening after a confrontation in a Wal-Mart parking lot isn’t exactly settled. Both sides told J&C reporter Ron Wilkins different versions of who pulled out in front of whom at the West Lafayette store; who flipped a certain finger at which opportune time; whether one told the other, “Go home, f------ foreigner;” and who provoked whom or drove the other off the road on the drive home. But there seem to be a couple of things not in serious dispute. One: Austin Bradley Gregory wound up in the driveway of the 37-year-old professor, a permanent U.S. citizen from Canada and a Muslim. There, Gregory was accused of attacking the man, kicking him in the head in front of his home. (It’s also where, if the victim’s story squares up, that a woman driving the Cadillac that followed the professor home, sat behind the wheel yelling, “Kill him! Kill him!”) Neighbors called the police, who arrested him Saturday night, before releasing him on bond on Sunday. Two: The Council on American-Islamic Relations, tipped off by a friend of the professor, was calling for Indiana to join the ranks of all but five states with hate crime or bias laws. “This incident points to the critical need for legislation mandating hate crime enhancements when an Indiana resident is targeted because of their actual or perceived minority group status,” said Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations. Time allowed to sort out an ugly incident might end up telling us as much about road rage as it does about hate crimes. But these are moments that make you check yourself. And check your community. This can’t be what we’re all about. Is it, really? At the risk of getting ahead of the meat of the actual story, days like these make you circle back to what happened and how the community responded at a time when others were called out “for their actual or perceived minority group status.” In January 2012, the Islamic Society of Greater Lafayette took a rezoning request to the Tippecanoe County commissioners for a 10-acre tract near the corner of County Road 500 North and County Road 50 West, or the extension of Salisbury Street as it leaves West Lafayette. The rezoning was mainly for prep purposes, Islamic Society representatives told county commissioners, for a planned community center and eventually a mosque. According to J&C archives from that day, there were the usual neighborhood concerns about the changing landscape that might come with a rezoning. Would lights be overwhelming to neighbors in nearby Hawthorne Ridge subdivision? Would drainage be adequate from so much new construction? But a few wanted more than technical specs. One woman came to the podium to tell commissioners that the project “frightened me.” She wanted to know whether the Area Plan Commission — which voted 13-1 to recommend approval — should have “(considered) the implications of putting American citizens in harm’s way.” Another woman claimed members of the Islamic Center of Greater Lafayette refused to say the Pledge of Allegiance, which the county commissioners to this day do before each meeting. “Gentlemen,” she told the commissioners, “this is what concerns me the most." The three commissioners brushed those concerns aside, unanimously backing the zoning request. What happened next — as they say for the best social media click-bait content — was something to see. Pastors across Greater Lafayette rallied in defense of religious freedom of neighbors who worshipped differently than they did. They wrote letters and op-eds to the J&C. They stood up. And they stood by. To those sorts of blanket statements based in fear and to those who found reason to pick what they thought was an easy, post-9/11 fight, the pastors agreed: Not here. “To those dogged by fear or prejudice, I would like to offer a prayer for peace and assurance,” the Rev. Tim Burchill, pastor at the time of St. Andrew United Methodist Church, wrote in the J&C. St. Andrew is next door to the Islamic Society acreage. “And to those who are tempted to lash out, I can only say that if you must pick on someone, pick on me.” Those were strong words then. Those are strong words now. Those are strong words to keep close as a case of road rage — or perhaps something more — unspools. This can’t be what we’re all about. Is it? Please, no. Bangert is a columnist with the Journal & Courier. Contact him at dbangert@jconline.com. Follow on Twitter: @davebangert. JCONLINE Download the Journal & Courier app FACEBOOK.COM/JOURNALANDCOURIER Join our conversation on Facebook. 93 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 14 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/2c9F8kA TOP VIDEOS Punchlines: All politics, no Trump 3:17 Punchlines: Trump team's rocky transition 2:39 Punchlines: The fallout of a Trump election 4:04 Punchlines: And the presidential transition begins 4:19 Punchlines: It's almost over. Who needs a Xanax? 3:51 Why USA TODAY's Editorial Board broke with tradition in presidential race 3:45 Punchlines: It's the FBI all over again 3:29 Punchlines: Less than a week before Election Day. Are you packed? 2:58 Punchlines: That new, old, October surprise, email, sexting scandal 3:36 Punchlines: Congressional setbacks 2:48 More Stories Dave Sattler cartoons Nov. 11, 2016, 11:12 a.m. Letter: Make America great and stronger Nov. 17, 2016, 4:20 p.m. Letter: All president-elects were unknowns once Nov. 17, 2016, 8:26 a.m.
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Kate Taylor Sep. 8, 2016, 10:56 AM 23,409 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Photo/Matt Rourke Target is making a big change to fix its grocery business. Stores across the US will soon have teams of employees working exclusively in their grocery sections, reports the Wall Street Journal. These teams of 10 to 60 employees will be specifically trained in interacting with grocery shoppers and handling backroom inventory. About 450 stores already have the dedicated grocery teams in place, according to the Wall Street Journal. By the next month, 150 more stores will have implemented the new grocery strategy. The change is part of a broader plan to improve Target's grocery revenue, which currently makes up 20% of the retailer's business. The retail chain began its grocery revamp last year, with Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting rivals such as Wegmans and Trader Joe’s for inspiration. In March, the company announced it was cutting back on its middle-aisle dry packaged goods, and adding more fresh produce and organic and gluten-free products. Joe Raedle / Staff / Getty Images Despite changes, including attempts to improve selection, quality, and presentation, Target's grocery comparable sales dropped in the second quarter of 2016. In August, the company announced that overall comparable sales fell 1.1% in the quarter.  Target’s food-centric overhaul comes at a time when the grocery business is growing increasingly crowded. Retail chains such as Walmart and traditional supermarkets like Kroger are increasing their investment in their online and organic grocery businesses. At the same time, discount chains such as Aldi and Trader Joe’s are growing and expanding their organic offerings, forcing other chains to cut prices. Whole Foods, for example, recently launched a lower-cost chain called 365 to attract millennial customers. In this competitive environment, customer experience is more important than ever. In August, industry website The Robin Report revealed that Kroger is in the process of hiring 14,000 people at its 2,800 stores to boost customer service. Walmart is similarly investing in improving its grocery experience, with plans to expand services such as grocery ordering and pick-up.  By investing in employees whose entire role is to improve grocery shoppers' experience, Target has the opportunity to gain the upper hand on these retail rivals.  Looking forward, Target is likely to continue to attempt to grow its grocery business by further separating food from the rest of the store. The grocery section in a new LA25 Target concept store. Target At a location in Los Angeles, Target is testing a new store design that will model its food section more like a traditional grocery store — complete with free samples. "Guests  have told us the new food area now feels more intimate and separate from the rest of the store, providing a distinct grocery shopping experience they prefer," Target CEO Brian Cornell said of the new design in an analyst call in August, noting that grocery sales at the new concept stores are trending 2 to 3% higher than the average location. SEE ALSO: Millennials reveal 100 brands they love NOW WATCH: Millennials' hatred of 'dealing with people' is a major threat to fast-food workers Loading video... More: Retail Target Walmart kroger Whole Foods Grocery Grocery Chains facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Target is making a major change that should scare Walmart, Kroger, and Whole Foods Target is making a big change to fix its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports Business Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 44 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart On two separate occasions, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit $100 and $50 bills. Post to Facebook Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart On two separate occasions, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit $100 and $50 bills.  Check out this story on mansfieldnewsjournal.com: http://ohne.ws/2cFHNXl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Police calls: Counterfeit money reported at Walmart Mansfield News Journal 1:44 a.m. EDT September 9, 2016 File photo (Photo: Journal & Courier) 44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Walmart, 2485 Possum Run Road, Mansfield - On two separate occasions Wednesday, someone purchased merchandise and paid with counterfeit bills. One man purchased $156.62 worth of merchandise and paid with two counterfeit $100 bills. The incident was captured on surveillance video. In the second incident, 10 fake $50 bills were used to purchase miscellaneous items. Furthermore, the man returned the items a short time later and cash was returned. 700 block of Burns Street, Mansfield - A woman Wednesday walked onto a porch and collapsed. She was not known to the resident. Mansfield fire and rescue personnel administered four doses of naxolone and took her to OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital. 200 block of Cline Avenue, Mansfield - A mother Wednesday night told police a group of juveniles held down and kicked her three-year-old boy and attempted to light the victim's hair on fire. The area was checked for the juveniles. 300 block of Abb eyfeale Road, Mansfield - A woman apparently overdoses on the concrete steps outside the apartment Wednesday and Mansfield firefighters and rescue personnel transported her to OhioHealth Mansfield Hospital. 100 block of East First Street, Mansfield - Police Thursday arrested two people, a 26-year-old woman and a 41-year-old man after finding them in a vacant residence. They said they were homeless. The woman lied about her identity and she was found to have two active warrants out of the Mansfield Police Department and the Richland County Sheriff's Office. The man was issued a summons for criminal trespass and the woman was read and served a copy of her warrant and provided with a copy of her summonses for criminal trespass and falsification. First block of South Benton Street, Mansfield - A passerby called police Thursday after a 25-year-old male was passed out behind the wheel of a vehicle. A passenge r in the male's vehicle said he had used heroin and passed out at a stop light. The man was given four doses of naloxone and taken to the hospital. Malabar Intermediate School, 205 W. Cook Rd. - A 10-year-old student brought a weapon to school Thursday and said he wanted to kill himself. The boy showed police two scratches on his right arm. The cut marks did not appear life-threatening, but the boy was taken to the hospital for evaluation. The boy’s mother was contacted, along with the Richland County Prosecutor’s Office and Children’s Services. First block of Park Avenue East, Mansfield - A 44-year-old woman was issued a summons Thursday for disorderly conduct after she was seen urinating in flowers near the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial. Police told the woman to use the public restroom in the city building in the future. 1000 block of Bowm an Street, Mansfield - a 33-year-old woman was reveived with naloxone Thursday after a man found her on the side of the road following a suspected overdose. Officers found a needle in the grass beside the woman, who admitted using heroin. Later the same day, on the first block of East Cook Road, a 29-year-old female passed out in the driver’s seat of a vehicle at a gas pump and was revived with naloxone. The woman, who was on parole, was arrested and taken to jail. Mansfield Senior High School, 124 N. Linden Rd. - A 16-year-old student found a note in his locker Thursday saying he would be assaulted. The victim did not know who left the note, but police will follow up by checking surveillence video. Later the same day, another 16-year-old male student reported someone at the school wanted to fight him. A 17-year-old male student was sent home to prevent a fight from breaking out. The News Journal does not identify people charged with misdemeanor offenses in the Police Calls. This is a fairness issue related to the large number of incidents that we cannot report in the wide geographic area being covered. Offenders are identified through subsequent court listings. 44 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2cFHNXl TOP VIDEOS 'Script' Ohio 0:45 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:27 Saturday is "payday" for Buckeyes 0:33 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:33 What changed for OSU? 0:20 Lexington at Clyde football 3:11 Lexington wins 0:14 Sleep-Out for the Homeless fundraiser 1:24 Big catch for Buckeyes 0:31 Every week's a dogfight 0:21 Is Samuel being used right? 0:20 Defending his offense 1:10 Halloween parade 0:42 Road to Wrestling: The Tryout 3:35 MANCI Cattle Auction 2:52 Road to Wrestling: Day 40 0:47 Mansfield police mentoring kids at Friendly House 2:25 Make A Difference Day Food Drive 2:49 Butler Apple Festival 2:12 Lillith recovering from being shot 1:52 OSU's Raekwon McMillan 0:38 OSU's Parris Campbell 0:19 Ohio State DB Marshon Lattimore 0:17 Big Guns 20: William vs. Odom 0:53 Big Guns 20: White vs. Johnson 0:30 Big Guns 20: Cody Stevens vs. John De Jesus Highlights 2:59 Road to Wrestling: Day 27 3:25 So much depth at OSU 0:19 Buckeyes act like underdogs 0:23 OSU: competition at WR 0:31 Final Horn Week 6 6:49 Lt. Col. Albert Allen Jr. honored 2:40 Is OSU the Buckeyes' toughest foe? 0:29 OSU receiver Terry McLaurin 0:14 Buckeyes OC Ed Warinner 0:39 OSU quarterbacks coach Tim Beck 0:36 TYQUAN LEWIS, CHRIS WORLEY 0:30 OSU RUNNING BACKS COACH TONY ALFORD 0:48 Road to Wrestling: Day 16 7:22 OSU defensive end Tyquan Lewis 0:37 OSU linebacker Chris Worley 0:36 J.T. Barrett 0:30 Final Horn Week 5 3:17 Grate arraignment 3:33 Ashland County Fair opens 0:47 Final Horn Week 4 4:21 The key to beating the Sooners 0:26 Ready to go in Norman? 0:52 Multi-vehicle crash downtown 1:23 OSU defensive end Sam Hubbard 0:33 OSU linebacker Raekwon McMillan 0:22 OSU coach Greg Schiano 0:29 Growing pains for OSU O-line 0:32 Ashland 911 tape excerpts 1:07 Human remains found in Richland and Ashland counties 0:47 OSU coordinator Greg Schiano 0:29 OSU quarterback J.T Barrett 0:25 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:32 OSU cornerback Marshon Lattimore 0:41 Road to Wrestling: Day 1 1:02 Hi-Point Fire Arms 1:22 Mickey Gall addresses the media after defeating CM Punk at UFC 203 3:03 Stipe Miocic UFC 203 post-fight press conference at UFC 203 3:06 CM Punk post-fight interview at UFC 203 2:57 Final Horn Week 3: Shelby 41 Clear Fork 18 3:23 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:15 No touchdowns allowed 0:34 Good hands people 0:30 OSU secondary coach Kerry Coombs 0:27 OSU linebacker Jerome Baker 0:07 UFC Heavyweight Champion Stipe Miocic meets Alistair Overeem at the UFC 203 press conference 0:10 Fabricio Werdum and Travis Browne exchange words at the UFC 203 press conference. 0:20 CM Punk and Mickey Gall face off 0:19 OSU tailback Mike Weber 0:13 OSU guard Billy Price 0:29 Quick Hits: Brandon Myers scores on 6-yard pass against Canton McKinley 0:13 Final Horn Week 2: Mckinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37 3:39 Final Horn: Week 2 (McKinley 54 Mansfield Senior 37) 3:56 AU quarterback Travis Tarnowski 0:28 AU head coach Lee Owens 0:49 AU tight end Adam Shaheen 0:15 AU defensive end Austin Utter 0:17 AU tailback Vance Settlemire 0:20 OSU offensive coordinator Ed Warinner 0:43 OSU center Pat Elflein 0:31 OSU guard Billy Price 0:31 OSUM NCSC Involvement and Community Fair 1:44 Paramedic discusses overdoses 2:10 Richland County Law Enforcement Appreciation Night 1:11 Mid-Ohio Bikers 0:48 Drive Sober or Get Pulled Over 0:57 Noah Brown at OSU Media Day 0:24 J.T. Barrett at OSU Media Day 1:41 Mike Weber at OSU Media Day 0:19 Mansfield veteran's van stolen, recovered 0:44 Cleanup begins after wind damage south of Lexington 1:32 Richland County Junior Fair 1:33 Veterans Honor Ground 0:38 Sights and sounds at the fair 1:03 Sheriff Press Conference over incident at Music Festival 2:42 More Stories Obhof to lead Ohio Senate Nov. 15, 2016, 4:34 p.m. Free Thanksgiving Day meals in Galion Nov. 15, 2016, 2:27 p.m. November political cartoons from the USA TODAY Network Nov. 18, 2016, 8:43 a.m. Live at 7:30 p.m.: Shelby football updates Nov. 18, 2016, 5:04 a.m.
Skip to ContentThursday, September 08, 2016      Foxboro, Massachusetts          Our 125th Year    HOME OBITS OPINION SOCIAL SCHOOLS SENIORS RELIGION COMMUNITY CLASSIFIEDS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT Columns Editorials Letters Anniversaries       Births       Engagements      Weddings Lunch Menus School Listings School News Senior News       Weekly Menu      Weekly Calendar Church Directory Religion News Weekly Services Achievers Club News Community News Entertainment Library People Scouting News Business News       Business Profiles Archives > Obituaries Article Comments Print | E-mail | Text Size Obituaries published week of Aug. 11 Published: Thursday, August 25, 2016 9:41 AM EDT The following obituaries were published in the August 11 edition of the Foxboro Reporter: Nancy Ann Paquin Nancy Ann Paquin, 76, passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family on Aug. 5, 2016 in Norwood Hospital. She was the beloved wife of the late Harvey F. Paquin. Born in Norwood on June 14, 1940, she was the daughter of the late Martin G. Morrill and Margaret E. (Ellis) Morrill. Nancy resided in Foxborough for 54 years. She worked through the years at Walmart in Walpole, Mar-Ell in Walpole, and Gloria Stevens in Foxborough. She was a member of the Friday Night Club in the 1970s and was formerly involved in the Foxboro Midget Football organization. Nancy is survived by her sons Harvey Paquin of North Attleborough, Daniel and his wife Lucy Paquin of Vero Beach, Fla., and her daughter Amy and her husband Shane Garrabrant of Foxborough. She was pre-deceased by her daughter Linda Cavossa. She is also survived by her son-in-law Tony Cavossa and his companion Anna Federico, her daughter-in-law, Doreen Paquin, her sister Dorothy Kelley of Foxborough, 13 grandchildren and 3 great grandchildren. She was pre-deceased by her sister, Margaret Wereska, of Cape Cod, and her brother, Martin Morrill, who is listed as MIA, POW Korea. Relatives and friends are kindly invited to attend calling hours on Friday, Aug. 12 from 8 to 10 a.m. at the Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St. A funeral Mass will be celebrated on Friday, at 10 a.m. at St. Mary's Church, 58 Carpenter St. Interment will take place at a later date. For additional information please contact 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Nancy's memory please visit the funeral home website at: www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. In lieu of flowers, donations in Nancy's memory may be made to: Foxborough Veterans' Services, Gift Fund, Town Hall, 40 South St. Virginia Ann "Ginnie" Santucci Virginia Ann "Ginnie" Santucci, 71, of Norton, formerly of Foxboro for over 40 years, passed peacefully surrounded by her loving family on Aug. 3, 2016 in Serenity Hill Nursing and Rehabilitation Center, Wrentham. She was the beloved wife of Robert A. Santucci, with whom she celebrated 47 years of marriage. Born in Everett on May 3, 1945, she was a daughter of the late Thomas and Grace (Riley) Geagan. Ginnie was a graduate of Hyde Park High School, class of 1963, and a graduate of Boston State College, class of 1967. She retired in 1990 after working over 20 years as a preschool teacher with her dearest friend, Joan Perriello, at Small World Nursery. She also worked as Head Banker for the New England Patriots for over 30 years and volunteered at Little League concession stands for many years. She was an avid Patriots and Red Sox fan. She enjoyed traveling many times to the Caribbean, and long summers at Swifts Beach on Cape Cod. She was a passionate reader. Her greatest joy was spending time with her beloved grandchildren. In addition to her husband, Robert, Ginnie is survived by two sons: Robert J. Santucci and his wife Maura of North Attleboro, and James E. Santucci and his wife Erika of Mansfield. She also is survived by a brother, Thomas Geagan and his wife Barbara of Chatham; a sister, Marilyn Tarallo and her husband Paul of Pocasset; a sister-in-law, Gail Geagan of Mansfield; four beloved grandchildren, Anthony, Jake, Sydney and Ryan; and her dearest nieces and nephew, Jeni Wood, Diana Gormley, PT Tarallo, and Krystyna, Laura, and Kaitlin Geagan. She was the sister of the late Robert Geagan. The Santucci family would like to thank all the staff at Serenity Hill Nursing Center in Wrentham and the staff at Butler Hospital in Providence for the wonderful care and compassion shown to Ginnie during her admissions. A funeral Mass was celebrated on Tuesday in St. Mary's Church, 58 Carpen-ter St., Foxboro. Arrangements are by the Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St., Foxboro. For additional information, please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Ginnie's memory, please visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Frederick E. Smallwood Frederick E. Smallwood, 88, passed away Wednesday Aug. 3, 2016 in the Golden Living Center in Attleboro. He was the son of the late Frederick R. and Mary (Upham) Smallwood. Fred was born in Rockland, Maine on March 16, 1928 and was educated in the Union, Maine grade schools, the Foxborough High School graduating with the class of 1946 and Burdett College. He graduated from Burdett in 1948. After finishing school, Fred served his country in the U.S. Army from 1950 to 1952. He was a corporal and was in the Korean Conflict. After the military Fred worked for Osgood-Globe Corporation in Boston and then at the Samuel Bingham Company in Cambridge and Woburn. He was the office manager at Samuel Bingham for 40 years. Fred belonged to several worthy organizations such as the Masons, the Foxboro Grange #193, the Norfolk Pomona Grange #27 and the American Legion, Post 0462. A memorial gathering was held on Wednesday, Aug. 10 at Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St. Burial was at Rock Hill Cemetery. For additional information please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Frederick's memory, visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Harold Ernest Schools Harold Ernest Schools passed away comfortably in his home Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2016. He was surrounded by loving members of his family. He was the son of the late Harold Ernest and Rose (Rider) Schools. Harold was born in Foxborough on Aug. 22, 1923 and was educated in Foxborough Schools from where he graduated in the Class of 1941. From Nov. 3, 1943 until Jan. 21, 1945, during World War II, Harold proudly served his country as a Machinist Mate, 3rd Class in the Navy Seabees. He was the husband of Dorothy (Randall) Schools whom he married May 16, 1947 in the Parsonage on Main Street by a Minister from Bethany Church. Harold worked for The Foxboro Company for 45 years as a foreman in the machine shop. Harold was a loving and devoted husband, uncle and great uncle. His survivors include his wife of 69 years Dorothy (Randall) Schools, his niece Jacqueline Randall of Foxborough, his great-niece Jessica Randall of Foxborough, a nephew James Warren of Attleboro, and a sister, Barbara Driscoll of Foxborough. A memorial gathering was held Wednesday, Aug. 10 at Roberts and Sons Funeral Home, 30 South St.. For additional information please call 508-543-5471. To light a special candle in Harold's memory please visit the funeral home website at www.robertsandsonsfuneralhome.com. Shirley (Mott) Bliss Emery Shirley (Mott) Bliss Emery, 93, of Foxboro died at home on Saturday, Aug. 6, 2016. She was the widow of both Alonso Emery, her husband of 19 years, and Herbert F. Bliss Jr., her husband of 31 years. Born in Foxboro on March 4, 1923, she was a daughter of the late Albert and Grace (Stewart) Mott, and the sister of the late Ernest Mott and Priscilla Shepard. She is survived by five children Gerard Bliss and Richard Bliss, both of Mansfield, Nancy Bliss Bach and Mark Emery, both of Foxboro, and Ann Coarr of Pepperell. She is also survived by her cherished 10 grandchildren, 6 great-grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews. Shirley graduated from Foxboro High School and worked at several Foxboro banks in her early career, but her passion was music. She was a soloist at weddings and other events, and sang with the Neponset Choral Society and similar organizations. She worked at several nursing homes in Falmouth until age 90, then she volunteered at the Foxboro Senior Center. A funeral Mass was scheduled for 10 a.m. today (Aug. 11) at St. Mary's Church, Mansfield, followed by burial at the parish cemetery. Arrangements are by the Sherman & Jackson Funeral Home, Mansfield. Margaret Ann (Johnson) Malacaria Margaret Ann (Johnson) Malacaria, 91, of Norwood died Sunday, Aug. 7, 2016. She was the widow of Michael J. Malacaria Sr. and is survived by a daughter, AnnaMarie Malacaria of Foxboro; a granddaughter and two great-grandchildren. She was the mother of the late Michael J. Malacaria Jr. A funeral Mass has been scheduled for 11 a.m. on Friday, Aug. 12 at St. Catherine of Siena Church, Norwood. Burial will follow at Highland Cemetery, Norwood. Arrangements are by the Kraw-Kornack Funeral Home, Norwood.   Obituaries published week of Aug. 4   Reader Tributes The following are comments from the readers. In no way do they represent the view of foxbororeporter.com. You must register with a valid email to post comments. Only your Member ID will be posted with the comments. Registered users sign in here: Become a Registered User *Member ID: *Password: Remember login? (requires cookies)   Forgot Your Password?   Do not use usernames or passwords from your financial accounts! Note: Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required! *Create a Member ID: *Choose a password: *Re-enter password: *E-mail Address: *Year of Birth:   (children under 13 cannot register) *First Name: *Last Name: Company: Home Phone: Business Phone: *Address: *City: *State: *Zip Code:   Return to: Obituaries « | Home « | Top of Page ^   Sections - Homepage - News - Obituaries - Sports - Opinion - Entertainment - Classifieds Online Features - Calendar - Health - Online Photo Gallery - Special Sections - Syndicated Features Services - About Us - Advertise on Our Site - Contact Us - Make us your Home Page - Online Forms - Subscriber Services   RSS Feeds - RSS is a format set up for sharing content on the Web. The following sections are available as RSS feeds: - Opinion - Sports - News - Obituaries Copyright © 2016 Foxboro Reporter Send feedback to bstedman@foxbororeporter.com. All rights reserved. . This material may not be broadcast, published, rewritten or redistributed without written permission. Powered by TownNews.com
    Class AAA   8George Washington 0 at  1Martinsburg 0      10South Charleston at  2Spring Valley      12Hurricane at  4Morgantown      14Jefferson 0 at  6Capital 0    Class AA   8Lincoln at  1Bridgeport      10Keyser at  2Mingo Central      6James Monroe 0 at  3Point Pleasant 0      13Weir 0 at  5Fairmont Senior 0    Class A   8Williamstown at  1East Hardy      7Gilmer County at  2St. Marys      6Wheeling Central 0 at  3Fayetteville 0      12Pendleton County 0 at  4Tolsia 0    High School FootballALL SCORES   Up Next: Talkline with Hoppy Kercheval Starting at 10:00am About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Former Martinsburg Mall closing interior stores Share Article By Hans Fogle in | September 08, 2016 at 7:41AM MARTINSBURG, W.Va. — After years of rumors it appears the interior stores of the former Martinsburg Mall are closing, leaving only the anchor stores Wal-Mart, J.C. Penney and Bon-Ton open. Paramount Development Corporation, the owners of the Foxcroft Towne Center at Martinsburg, announced Wednesday that the closure would happen on November 1. The decision will affect about 15 current tenants and displace a U.S. Postal Service office. Paramount CEO Eric Cornett said in a statement the property is no longer economically viable as an enclosed mall. There are plans to redevelop about 40,000 square feet of interior mall space between J.C. Penney and Wal-Mart to provide additional parking for new retail space within the existing mall building that would have outside entrances. The announcement included news that Five Guys Burgers and Fries and Wingstop restaurants had signed leases for space in a new six-unit building under construction at the shopping center. Retail stores stores Great Clips and T-Mobile are also signed up to lease space. A Chili’s restaurant is slated to open in the coming weeks and a Panera Bread is on track for a 2017 open. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Hans Fogle hfogle@wvradio.com Hans Fogle grew up in Martinsburg, W.Va. He began his radio career while seeking a degree in mass communications at Shepherd University. He worked at several stations in West Virginia until 2008, when he took over as news director at WEPM. He currently lives in the Eastern Panhandle with his family. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular West Virginia's best offensive game 'still out there' — might need it soon FEMA commits to replacing five schools destroyed in June flood WVU student accused of stabbing roommate Feds reveal charges in DOH pay-for-play scheme © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Freitag, 18. November | 15:47 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:08 | 08.09.2016 Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ BERLIN — HOUZE® to Unveil ZEROCELL™ Smart Energy Storage Appliance in Euronics International Stores Source: ZEROCELL Worldwide Inc. BATON ROUGE, La. — Wells Fargo Mobilizes to Help Louisiana Customers Impacted by Floods Source: Wells Fargo & Company PORTLAND, Ore. — The Standard and Its Employees Contributed $3.5 Million to Nonprofits in 2015 Source: The Standard BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Walmart Foundation Aims to Increase Economic Mobility in Growing Retail Industry Through an Investment That Strengthens Career Services Programs Nationwide Source: Walmart Foundation ARLINGTON, Va. — AvalonBay Employees Give Back to Communities in 5th Annual Spirit of Caring Month Source: AvalonBay Communities, Inc. YORK, Pa. — Utz Quality Foods Partners with Historic York Fair Source: Utz Quality Foods, Inc. SALISBURY, N.C. — Food Lion Feeds to Donate 1,200 Associate Volunteer Hours and 1 Million Meals to More Than 30 Food Pantries as Part of “The Great Pantry Makeover” Source: Food Lion HARTFORD, Conn. — The Aetna Foundation Awards More Than $2 Million in Grants across USA to Cultivate Healthy Living Source: The Aetna Foundation BOCA RATON, Fla. — Office Depot Global Headquarters Awarded LEED Gold Re-Certification for Existing Buildings Source: Office Depot, Inc. DALLAS — Pillar Income Asset Management Donates School Supplies to Single Parent Advocate Source: Pillar Income Asset Management SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Pei Wei Pledges $10,000 Donation to No Kid Hungry Source: Pei Wei COLUMBUS, Ind. — Cummins and Peterbilt to Team Up on SuperTruck II Source: Cummins Inc. RADNOR, Pa. — The VWR Foundation Gives Back to the Science Community with Over $100,000 in Grants Source: VWR Foundation ZURICH — RepRisk Releases Special Report on Myanmar Source: RepRisk ALISO VIEJO, Calif. — World’s Top Female Surfers Join Together for The Mauli Ola Foundation’s Third Annual Battle for the Breast Source: Mauli Ola Foundation CARSON CITY, Nev. — Historic, Landscape-Level Sagebrush Ecosystem Conservation Program Announced for Nevada Source: Newmont Mining Corporation BOONE, Iowa — Special Ceremony from the Farm Progress Show in Honor of Iowa Farmer, U.S. Marine Veteran and Newest “Geared to Give” Program Recipient Source: Kubota Tractor Corporation ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — $12 Million Investment by UnitedHealthcare Helps Bring New Affordable-Housing Community to Downtown Albuquerque Source: UnitedHealthcare PHOENIX — Wells Fargo Donates $500,000 for Phoenix-Area Revitalization Efforts Source: Wells Fargo & Company NEW YORK — PVH Corp. Publishes 2015 Corporate Responsibility Report Source: PVH Corp. DEARBORN, Mich. — Ford Volunteer Corps Begins Global Caring Month with Transformational Clean Water Project, Challenge Grants Source: Ford Motor Company IWATA, Japan — Yamaha Motor Underscores Commitment to Africa Source: Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 15:38 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP: Eilverordnung zu mehr ... 15:36 Uhr | 18.11.2016 ROUNDUP/Analyse: ... 15:36 Uhr | 18.11.2016 WDH/Analyse: ... 15:34 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Volkswagen will in Dieselkrise ... 15:20 Uhr | 18.11.2016 Koalition erwägt umfassende ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets 08.09.2016 | 14:09 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire's Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ BERLIN -- HOUZE® to Unveil ZEROCELL™ Smart Energy Storage Appliance in Euronics International Stores Source: ZEROCELL Worldwide Inc. BATON ROUGE, La. -- Wells Fargo Mobilizes to Help Louisiana Customers Impacted by Floods Source: Wells Fargo Company PORTLAND, Ore. -- The Standard and Its Employees Contributed $3.5 Million to Nonprofits in 2015 Source: The Standard BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Foundation Aims to Increase Economic Mobility in Growing Retail Industry Through an Investment That Strengthens Career Services Programs Nationwide Source: Walmart Foundation ARLINGTON, Va. -- AvalonBay Employees Give Back to Communities in 5th Annual Spirit of Caring Month Source: AvalonBay Communities, Inc. YORK, Pa. -- Utz Quality Foods Partners with Historic York Fair Source: Utz Quality Foods, Inc. SALISBURY, N.C. -- Food Lion Feeds to Donate 1,200 Associate Volunteer Hours and 1 Million Meals to More Than 30 Food Pantries as Part of "The Great Pantry Makeover" Source: Food Lion HARTFORD, Conn. -- The Aetna Foundation Awards More Than $2 Million in Grants across USA to Cultivate Healthy Living Source: The Aetna Foundation BOCA RATON, Fla. -- Office Depot Global Headquarters Awarded LEED Gold Re-Certification for Existing Buildings Source: Office Depot, Inc. DALLAS -- Pillar Income Asset Management Donates School Supplies to Single Parent Advocate Source: Pillar Income Asset Management SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Pei Wei Pledges $10,000 Donation to No Kid Hungry Source: Pei Wei COLUMBUS, Ind. -- Cummins and Peterbilt to Team Up on SuperTruck II Source: Cummins Inc. RADNOR, Pa. -- The VWR Foundation Gives Back to the Science Community with Over $100,000 in Grants Source: VWR Foundation ZURICH -- RepRisk Releases Special Report on Myanmar Source: RepRisk ALISO VIEJO, Calif. -- World's Top Female Surfers Join Together for The Mauli Ola Foundation's Third Annual Battle for the Breast Source: Mauli Ola Foundation CARSON CITY, Nev. -- Historic, Landscape-Level Sagebrush Ecosystem Conservation Program Announced for Nevada Source: Newmont Mining Corporation BOONE, Iowa -- Special Ceremony from the Farm Progress Show in Honor of Iowa Farmer, U.S. Marine Veteran and Newest "Geared to Give" Program Recipient Source: Kubota Tractor Corporation ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- $12 Million Investment by UnitedHealthcare Helps Bring New Affordable-Housing Community to Downtown Albuquerque Source: UnitedHealthcare PHOENIX -- Wells Fargo Donates $500,000 for Phoenix-Area Revitalization Efforts Source: Wells Fargo Company NEW YORK -- PVH Corp. Publishes 2015 Corporate Responsibility Report Source: PVH Corp. DEARBORN, Mich. -- Ford Volunteer Corps Begins Global Caring Month with Transformational Clean Water Project, Challenge Grants Source: Ford Motor Company IWATA, Japan -- Yamaha Motor Underscores Commitment to Africa Source: Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 31 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160908005306/en/ Contacts: Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Troopers From La Plata Barrack Join Forces With Community Partners For Maryland Food Bank September 8, 2016 Citizens encouraged to drop off non-perishable food donations at the Wal-Mart in La Plata this Saturday, September 10th from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. In honor of Hunger Action Month, troopers and staff from the La Plata Barrack will do their part in the fight against hunger by hosting a Stuff-A-Truck and Child Safety Seat Inspection/Installation event on Saturday, September 10th. This event is being held in partnership with multiple local and state agencies as well as community business partners who support the health, safety and welfare of those who live in, work in or visit Charles County. Attending a car seat check is a great way to ensure your child safety seat is installed correctly. Based on car seat inspection summaries, about 75 percent of the car seats inspected in Maryland have some sort of misuse. Misuse may include: children riding in the wrong type of car seat, car seats that are not correctly installed in the vehicle or using car seats that have been recalled, broken, expired or been in a crash. Child Passenger Safety Technicians will be on hand to educate and assist parents and other caregivers by providing information to keep children safe in the event of a crash. All food donations will be delivered to the Southern Maryland Food Bank following the event so that Southern Maryland residents in need can immediately benefit from the generosity and support of the local community. Everyone is welcome to stop in and visit! A special guest from Chick-fil-A La Plata will be in attendance for part of the event! WHAT: Stuff-A-Truck Food Drive and Child Safety Seat Inspection/Installation Event WHEN: Saturday, September 10th, 2016 – 10:00 a.m. to 2 p.m. WHERE: La Plata Wal-Mart – 40 Drury Dr, La Plata, MD 20646   This entry was posted on September 8, 2016 at 7:41 am and is filed under All News, Charles News, Community, County, Good News, Law Enforcement, More News, z 600X120 Top Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Southern Maryland Weather 49° clear sky humidity: 76% wind: 6mph NW H 73 • L 44 61° Sat 44° Sun 47° Mon 48° Tue 60° Wed extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives November 2016 (143) October 2016 (320) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (276) July 2016 (241) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (373) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (297) December 2015 (300) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (265) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (595) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Opinion > Columns Headlines September 08, 2016 05:48 AM CDT September 08, 2016 05:49 AM CDT Froma Harrop: Strong retail districts to weather online storm Froma Harrop: Strong retail districts to weather online storm Comments () A Text Size Denton Record-Chronicle Published: 08 September 2016 05:48 AM Related Froma Harrop Wal-Mart is seeing the future, and the future isn’t more shoppers driving through stop-and-go traffic to big boxes at the edge of town. It’s online shopping. The giant retailer plans to plunk down a princely $3.3 billion for Jet.com, an e-commerce company. Using the same crystal ball, Macy’s says it will close at least 100 stores, many in malls that have seen better days. Where does retailing in our city centers and on our Main Streets fit into this story? The answers are not simple. In the beginning, Americans went downtown to buy everything from hammers to sweaters to footballs. When much of the middle class departed for the suburbs, the retailers followed them. The new shopping venues were big-chain discounters and giant malls. This mass transfer drained the life out of downtown retailing, leaving sad, empty storefronts on architecturally splendid streets. Nowadays, ‘‘the Darwinian thing is going on in suburban retailing that was happening downtown,’’ Mark Cohen, retailing expert at Columbia Business School, tells me. Amazon.com is the undisputed king of that jungle. Its online mega-store sells 550 million products. Every year, it takes a bigger bite out of bricks-and-mortar store sales. Another weight on suburban retailing is a ludicrous overbuilding of retail space. ‘‘The developers never saw a highway and exit ramp that they didn’t want to build a mall on,’’ Cohen quipped. So what happens next? Many of the fringe developments further down the highway without full tenancy are going to be history, according to retail analysts. Some big boxes, such as Home Depot and Lowe’s, may do OK. Others will not. On to our downtowns. Whether hopping with activity, on the mend or still ailing, they remain the center for much of our civic life. Downtown is where one finds city or town hall, a main post office, a good library and transportation hubs. The stores are key players in the experience. Will online shopping hurt Main Street retailing the way it has plagued suburban stores? That all depends on the downtown. Where there is gentrification — wealthier people moving to urban neighborhoods — there is, of course, retail opportunity. Another advantage for city and town shopping districts is foot traffic, people walking by storefronts. Take me. I’m one of Amazon Prime’s valued customers. I click away for moth traps and patio lights and color printers that get delivered to my doorstep. I know exactly what a Lego Elves toy is and would not sacrifice a half-hour driving for something I can order online in five minutes. But shopping does remain a part of the entertainment mix. On Saturday afternoons, folks hang out in nearby shopping districts. The stores there display clothes and housewares more interesting than the commodities at the discounters’. And being seduced by an artful display window could be a byproduct of meeting someone two doors down for coffee. Many of the most successful retail districts are those that attract tourists, particularly foreign ones. Visiting Asians, Russians and South Americans are known to stuff empty suitcases with stuff bought here. The concern right now is the higher American dollar — plus the threat of another travel-related terrorist attack. The good news for physical retailers everywhere, Cohen says, is that the internet isn’t likely to take it all. Now about 15 percent of current retail sales, online shopping could possibly go as high as 40 percent, but that would still leave at least 60 percent. And so the dreamscape of a bustling Main Street persists. Every now and then, one comes across a surviving family-run sporting goods or shoe store — and salutes. It would be awfully nice to see more of them. FROMA HARROP writes for The Providence Journal. Her column is distributed by Creators Syndicate Inc. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Columns Stories Ray Perryman: Protecting children pays off in many ways Walter E. Williams: Blacks’ panic over Trump unwarranted Thomas Sowell: Trump still a wild card to people in America Mary Sanchez: Will the ‘Dreamers’ be fed to the wolves? Jonah Goldberg: Obama helped pave way for Clinton’s defeat Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
null

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, November 18, 2016, 8:47 a.m. Home / Entertainment / Special Event Runway awaits next Miss Gay Arkansas America By Sean Clancy This article was published September 8, 2016 at 5:45 a.m. Comments (7) aAFont Size Eden Alive, the 2015 Miss Gay Arkansas America, will give up the title this weekend, when the 2016 winner will be crowned. 44th Annual Miss Gay Arkansas America Pageant 10 p.m. Friday, preliminaries, Triniti Nightclub, 1021 Jessie Road, Little Rock 8 p.m. Saturday, finals, Discovery Nightclub, 1021 Jessie Road, Little Rock Admission: $10, Friday; $20, Saturday; advance tickets for Saturday available at missgayarkansas.com (501) 666-6900 latenightdisco.com Also, the pageant will be live-streamed on YouTube, at a cost of $10 per night via this link, http://www.missgayarkansas.com/media. Sign up for free, daily email alerts from the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette Things for which Arkansas is famous: Wal-Mart, the 42nd president of the United States, rice, Razorbacks, the first Miss Gay America, catfish, blues music .... Hang on. Miss Gay America? Yep. In 1972, Arkansas' Norman Jones, as Norma Kristie, was crowned the inaugural Miss Gay America at the Watch Your Hat & Coat Saloon in Nashville, Tenn. And not only that, the Miss Gay Arkansas America contest, now in its 44th year, is the longest-running preliminary event in the run-up to the Miss Gay America female impersonator pageant. There's even a 1997 documentary, The Damn Deal (which can be seen on YouTube), directed by former Miss America Elizabeth Ward Gracen, that profiles three Miss Gay Arkansas America competitors. On Friday and Saturday, at Little Rock clubs Discovery and Triniti, both owned by Jones, female impersonators from across the state and their fans will gather for this year's Miss Gay Arkansas America competition to see who will reign for the next year and compete for the national title. "What we have is something very different from other places," says 28-year-old Coty Lollar of Little Rock who, as the wonderfully named Eden Alive, reigns as Miss Gay Arkansas America. "We have a really rich history in this community. ... I'm excited that Norman is becoming the focal point of this year and people are giving him the honor and respect he deserves. He comes from a day when they were literally risking their lives going out in drag." Jones, now 70, recalls the first pageant in Arkansas, which started in 1971 with his friends at a Hot Springs nightspot called the Royal Lions Club. "We were just going to do it for the fun of it," he says. "The thing back then was to do little contests." As Norma Lou, Jones was runner-up at that first event, but after problems arose with the winner from Little Rock, he was asked to represent the state at the national pageant in Nashville, which he did as Norma Kristie. "I said, 'Well, I'm not sure. I sure would hate to go and lose again,'" Jones says. "But I was very lucky. I went and I won the thing." His life was never the same. "Everything changed for me. I started traveling places and I was the only impersonator in the country that had a national crown. Wherever the Miss Gay America promoter would send you, you'd go." Jones would eventually own and run the national pageant from 1975 to 2005, and detailed his life, friends, the pageant, contestants and his battles with angry protesters (including the Ku Klux Klan and church groups) in his colorful 2014 book My Life, My Pageant, My Crown. Lollar's life also took a turn after he won the Arkansas crown last August. "Honestly, it's been the greatest year of my life and also the hardest," he says. "Once you are put on any kind of a pedestal, there are good and bad things that come with that ... but I would definitely say the good has outweighed the negative for me because I've learned so much about myself this year. I've grown tremendously as an entertainer and have learned a lot about myself as an artist." This year's winner will haul their makeup, heels, wigs, gowns and other accoutrements to Memphis for the Miss Gay America pageant, Oct. 5-9. Not all 50 states are represented, Jones says. "Who can hold a Miss Gay Utah pageant?" he asks with a laugh. "Or a Miss Gay Montana?" The pageant is made up of competitions in categories including Solo Talent (without props or backup dancers), Evening Gown, On-Stage Interview, Male Interview and Talent (fully produced stage shows with sets and dancers permitted). "I like the talent part the best," Lollar says. "That's where I feel I excel." He performed as Lady Gaga to her song "Applause" at last year's pageant and also as Elphaba from Wicked. The Male Interview requires contestants to interview as a male. The pageant rules stipulate that contestants must be men who live as men and who are trying to achieve a convincing feminine illusion through their creativity. In other words, no implants, silicone or any transformation via female hormones. "Our philosophy of drag is the oldest, most traditional form, which is a full man transforming into a woman," Lollar says. Jones says, "Miss Gay Arkansas is, 'how can you do this and look your best as a woman?'" In the Male Interview, contestants dress nattily and manly -- most usually sport a well-fitting suit. "The judges love to see a strong transformation, and they want to see that you can handle the business," Lollar says. "This is an industry, and they need to see you can conduct yourself in a professional manner." This year's pageant theme is Wonderland, as in Alice's Adventures in ..., and the reigning Miss Gay America, Asia T. O'Hara of Dallas, will be there. Also in attendance will be many of the former Miss Gay Arkansas America winners, who Jones says have helped raise awareness of the pageant. "The number of contestants was down" in recent years, Jones says, "but this year it's back up again, and I think the credit for that goes solely to some of the former [winners] who have worked very hard to make it successful. I give them the credit for all that." For Jones, putting on a great show is paramount. "Impersonation pageants are getting more technologically advanced than ever before," he says. "We're gonna have one of the largest screens, like the one used at the Academy Awards. I've always believed that when you pay your money, you need to be entertained and see a show. That's what we're going to have here." Weekend on 09/08/2016 Print Headline: Runway awaits next Miss Gay Arkansas America Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News On Christianity Super Quiz: TV Episodes Restaurant Transitions: Sam's Southern Eatery... RESTAURANT REVIEW: Little Rock's new Soul Fis... Runway awaits next Miss Gay Arkansas America THE WEEKEND TEN Weekend Calendar Fast Forward FX's new Better Things looks to be a winner Comments on: Runway awaits next Miss Gay Arkansas America To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 7 of 7 total comments Popsmith says... September 8, 2016 at 1:04 p.m. There is no limit to perversion. ( permalink | suggest removal ) GoBigRed says... September 8, 2016 at 1:58 p.m. Which bathroom should she use Pop? ( permalink | suggest removal ) Delta123 says... September 8, 2016 at 2:27 p.m. Much like the QB in San Francisco, I hereby exercise my right to not give a tinkers damn about this and will be actively ignoring this event. Carry on girls, boys, whatever. ( permalink | suggest removal ) mrcharles says... September 8, 2016 at 3:30 p.m. But delta you did tinker ,and have not ignored the event. Just sayin. It could be made more manly as the top 2 could have to have a 2 out of 3 wrasslin match or shooting contest involving endangered species. I heard there is a growing underground group of known conservatives that buy the tapes of these events for their double speak lives. Go big R, they would use the Hon. (R.) larry craig memorial wide stance bathroom for trolling for souls to convert. Pop when I heard the sad news abut Jim swaggart and Ted haggart, I like romney pulled off to the side of the road I was so overwhelmed by the news on my doorstep. Can you just image all the young lives those men ruined? But both have said they are sorry, so no harm no foul vile action , I guess. Primates?! What are you going to do with them? We cant drown all of them again that has been used up! ( permalink | suggest removal ) DontDrinkDatKoolAid says... September 8, 2016 at 5:14 p.m. Duncan, Ok.? ( permalink | suggest removal ) BEARTRAP919 says... September 8, 2016 at 10:58 p.m. Arkansas, You Can't keep a good State down, Famous People abound from the Great State, Queers Marry in the State and Right Next door Incest is in the Main Stream, Soon We will lead in that too, Hooray, Good Cheer. ( permalink | suggest removal ) ARMNAR says... September 8, 2016 at 11:17 p.m. Thanks for calling out the bigots, ArDemGaz! What a hoot to read the comments from all the haters who despise the fact they got kinda tingly in their nether regions while reading this story. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Tickets prove work, ex-LR officer claims (1 comment) Arkansas school board member who wore 'blackface' urged to resign (1 comment) Face addiction, report urges U.S. (2 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: How it happened (29 comments) Arkansas attorney general visits New York for meetings at Trump Tower (14 comments) Arkansas school district to partially freeze hiring (1 comment) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds E-Edition log in Letter: Change is needed Thursday Sep 8, 2016 at 12:01 AM Two articles in the Aug. 22 Ledger prompted this reply. First, the "Gigs and garlands" editorial spoke of welfare reform and the number of people on food stamps. I think that if businesses such as Wal-Mart paid their employees a living wage, the million-plus workers there would reduce the food stamps considerably. It's not as if Wal-Mart can't pay; their profits were in the billions last year. The second was a letter by Austin Curry, "Immigration reform needed." Can't argue with that. I believe the best cure to save Social Security is to eliminate the cap. Someone making $100,000 pays on 100 percent of their earnings. Someone making $1 million pays on only 10 percent of their earnings. There's something wrong with this picture. And while we are on the subject of fairness, how about getting the super-wealthy to pay the same rate of taxes as they did in the 1950s. When Dwight Eisenhower was president the top rate was 91 percent. I was around at the time and don't remember any wealthy friends going broke. Vito Bovino Lakeland About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Subscribe Now Manage Print Account Manage Digital Account About Us Contact Us Work for Us FAQs Submissions News Tips Letters to the Editor Calendar Events Obituaries Legal Notices Advertising Advertise with Us Place an Ad Classified Ads Online Services Newsletters RSS Feeds Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Text Alerts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Ledger ~ 300 W. Lime St., Lakeland, FL 33802 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local Crime Education Nation & World State Politics Election 2016 Sports Preps College Recreation Outdoors Columnists Auto Racing Polk Preps TiMEOUT Dining Movies Arts in Polk Music Nightlife TV Guide Movie Listings TV Listings Calendar Events Lifestyle Faith Pets Your Health Home & Garden Columnists Crossword Sudoku Comics Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Other Voices Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Contests Mugshots Local Blogs Guide to Polk Polk Life Polk Moms NIE Special Sections Medical Guide Print Ads Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Newsletters Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Propel Marketing Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Increases Chip and Component Orders for Apple Watch Series 2 | Main | Apple Reinvents the Watch Band with Auto Adjustment+ » September 09, 2016 Samsung's Exploding Galaxy Note 7 Nightmare Worsens   Samsung officially announced their Galaxy Note 7 worldwide recall a week ago today. Since that time, Samsung has been unable to stop the domino effect that's now in play, especially after admitting that they were dropping the use of batteries from their own SDI divison which makes the profit loss much deeper. The domino effect or 'contagion effect' will hurt their supply chain. On Monday we also pointed out that Hanjin shipping went bankrupt and that's who Samsung uses to ship to large customers like Walmart and Target stores. Yesterday Samsung sought a court order to remove their goods from Hanjin vessels because the quagmire that Hanjin's bankruptcy has caused Samsung and others is mind boggling and ongoing. But Samsung's woes have gotten even crazier in the last 24 hours.   It's being reported today that the Federal Aviation Administration has issued a warning about the Galaxy Note 7, as follows:   "In light of recent incidents and concerns raised by Samsung about its Galaxy Note 7 devices, the Federal Aviation Administration strongly advises passengers not to turn on or charge these devices on board aircraft and not to stow them in any checked baggage."   While it's not an official ban yet, the Wall Street Journal notes that "Identifying a specific brand or model as a potential hazard is a highly unusual move for the FAA." One report goes as far as saying that the FAA is actually considering a ban.   A new report from the Korea Herald today states that "The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport said that it has been reviewing whether to prevent people from carrying the devices onto planes over concerns they could pose a risk to the operation of flights," as the FAA's position.   But in Australia it's a different matter altogether. It's being reported that "three Australian airlines went ahead and banned the operation and charging of Samsung's $800 waterproof phone-tablet on all Quantas, Jetstar and Virgin Australia flights.   The airlines were not directed to do so by government officials, but rather took the decision on their own after Samsung Australia – one of 10 recall markets – halted sales and began exchanging existing models.   But wait, the news gets even crazier. This morning, USA Today reports that "Florida resident Nathan Dornacher reported that his Jeep caught fire as he was charging his Samsung smartphone. His Facebook post showed pictures of the SUV in flames and what looked like the charred remains of a cellphone."   This has been a nightmare week for Samsung and it's hard to believe it could get any worse for them than it is today. But you never know, we'll see what next week brings our way because as the saying goes: when it rains it pours.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on September 09, 2016 at 05:48 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  President-elect Donald Trump nearing settlement in Trump University case: Source × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer: Until retail snaps back, expect market-wide pain ahead Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 6:59 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back</p> <p>Jim Cramer says retail punches above its weight, and goes down the list of players for concern.</p> Cramer: The market cannot rally until retail snaps back    Friday, 9 Sep 2016 | 6:33 PM ET | 04:13 While retail stocks are not as important as health care, technology or finance, they still punch above their weight. The stocks have now become so visible and so disturbing that Jim Cramer is worried. "I would be kidding you if I said I wasn't worried. All I can say is, this group needs to snap out of its funk or the stocks will only get worse," the "Mad Money" host said. The sudden decline in retail seemed almost untenable to Cramer. The idea that the sector could just be resting before its next move higher seemed like wishful thinking to him. The first sign of trouble came when the momentum retailers stalled out or were caught in strong headwinds. Ulta Salon was one of the fastest growing retailers out there but fell 2 percent on Friday. Jin Lee | Bloomberg | Getty Images A customer browses women's jewelry at the Macy's flagship store in New York. "Right now all I can hear when I think about retail is King Midas in reverse." -Jim Cramer Dollar Tree and Dollar General also collapsed when they missed earnings estimates and cut guidance due to competition. "In fact, (Dollar General) point blank cut prices on 400 products to stay ahead of a newly energized Wal-Mart. That's disastrous," Cramer said. Specialty players L Brands, Urban Outfitters, Foot Locker and Dick's were the only stocks not pulled down by the gravitation of retail, but Cramer still worried that they could fall. Investors once thought that housing-related stocks were the safest in retail. But then HD Supply and Tractor Supply reported weak quarters, and have managed to bring down Home Depot, too. Discounters and close outs are the only group that Cramer believes in. His charitable trust just purchased TJX because it looks like a solid play going into the holidays and a place for Macy's to dispose of merchandise when it closes 100 stores. However, the weak quarter reported by Pier 1 could also pull it down. The only winner, according to Cramer, is Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings. The nastiest of the bunch were the department stores, with Macy's wallowing, Kohl's slipping away, and Nordstrom losing momentum from its last quarter. Ultimately, retail must snap back, or Cramer fears that the entire stock market could only get worse. If positive news surfaces surrounding back to school season, it could reverse. "Right now all I can hear when I think about retail is King Midas in reverse. That is not the direction you want if you believe that this market can go higher without first having a more pronounced decline, like we saw today," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DLTR --- TJX --- HD --- DKS --- JWN --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
null
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 13° Overcast Hi 33° Lo 10° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Government update for the week of Sept. 12 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Friday, September 9, 2016 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Moffat County Commissioners meeting When: 8:30 a.m. Tuesday Where: Moffat County Courthouse, 221 W. Victory Way Agenda: 1) 8:30 to 8:35 a.m.: Call to order Pledge of Allegiance/opening prayer 2) 8:35 to 8:45 a.m.: Consent agenda — Review and sign the following documents: a) Approve Minutes: Sept. 6 3) 8:45 to 9 a.m.: General discussion Please note that the board may discuss any topic relevant to county business, whether or not the topic has been specifically noted on this agenda. 4) 9 to 9:15 a.m.: Planning and Zoning — Jerry Hoberg • Martin conditional use permit C-16-04 5) 9:15 to 9:30 a.m.: Road and Bridge Department — Linda DeRose • Monthly reports 6) 9:30 to 9:45 a.m.: Human Resources Department — Terri Estey • Discuss hiring of road and bridge department director 7) 9:45 to 10 a.m.: Daughters of the American Revolution • Present Constitution Week proclamation for signature 8) 10 to 10:30 a.m.: Audrey Danner and Diane Kruse (NEO Connect) • Present a broadband planning update 9) 10:30 to 11 a.m.: Finance Department — Mindy Curtis • Present revised Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy for approval Craig City Council meeting When: 6:30 p.m. Tuesday Where: Craig Municipal Building, 300 W. Fourth St., Craig Agenda: Note: Craig City Council will hold a budget workshop at 5 p.m. before the regularly scheduled meeting 1) Pledge of allegiance and moment of silence 2) Call to order 3) Approval of minutes from Aug. 23 4) Approval of August bills 5) Approval of agenda 6) Consent agenda • Approve special events liquor permit for Yampa Valley NRA for an event to be held on Oct. 1 at the Boys & Girls Club of Craig. • Renewal of 3.2 percent beer license for Wal-Mart located at 2000 W. Victory Way. • Renewal of 3.2 percent beer license for City Market Store located at 605 W. Victory Way. 7) Council reports 8) Audiences • Diane Kruse of NEO Connect and Terry Carwile, co-chair of Moffat Broadband Committee, will present an update on the broadband grant project. • David Ulrich, new superintendent of Moffat County School District, will introduce himself to council. • Ann Dodd of the Daughters of the American Revolution will present a proclamation honoring Constitution Day and Constitution Week. • Moffat County Commissioner Frank Moe and Local Marketing District Chair Dave Fleming will appear to have a discussion on the recommendations from Better City. 9) Other business • Ordinance 1054 (first reading) — an ordinance amending the noise ordinance as contained in Section 9.42.040 of the Craig Municipal Code to prohibit the use of Engine Compression brakes or Jake brakes within city limits. • Ordinance 1055 (introduction) — an ordinance establish standards for control of backflow and cross-connection by water users. 10) Staff reports • August police report • Report by Dave Pike on Breeze Street Park and Whittle the Wood 11) City manager and city attorney reports 12) Audience comments 13) Additional council reports 14) Adjourn More like this story Government update for the week of Sept. 26 Government update for the week of June 13 Government update for the week of Oct. 26 Government update for Aug. 10 Government Update for Sept. 8, 2012 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Clean audit for Moffat County School District 1 comment BLM to begin bait-trapping Sand Wash wild horses this week 3 comments Dr. Wayne Davis: Fear of heights, media and politics 1 comment Trump wins nation and Moffat County 2 comments Lance Scranton: Defining indefensible 8 comments Moffat County reacts to President-Elect Donald Trump 1 comment Full 2016 Election results for Moffat County 1 comment Craig makes national news in USA Today profile 1 comment Craig's Yampa Avenue brightens up with new lights 1 comment Danielle Elkins: What are Trump and Clinton's plans for coal? 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
Feels like: Humidity: Wind speed: Tomorrow News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG Man discovered beaten and buried alive in Schenectady basement sues non-profit Light blight: Art project breathes life into empty buildings Pittsfield man who prompted hospital lockdown gets jail term Four arrested following joint investigation More News Stories Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Hour By Hour Forecast Extended Forecast Watches, Warnings & Advisories WNYT.com Mobile Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Seven Danes Score in Double Figures in Win Over Oneonta UAlbany Women Notch First Win of Season Over Army New York's Special Olympics returning to Capital Region Wright Leads Saints to Win Over Cornell in Season Opener Troy, Glens Falls and Cambridge Advance to State Semifinals More Sports Stories Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 ‘Knitted Knockers’ boost self-confidence of breast cancer survivors Turkey Day Total Body Workout Giving thanks year round Woman puts pen to paper to encourage depression dialogue Peter DeWitt on "Collaborative Leadership" More Lifestyle Stories Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive Save a Life Blood Drive Events Calendar Contests More Things to Do Stories WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report NewsChannel 13 Live at 10 on My4 Albany UAlbany Football Weekly, Saturdays at 11:30am Martin Harding & Mazzotti Capital Region Pet Show, Saturdays & Sundays at 11am Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Weeknights at 7 The King of Queens Weeknights at 6 & 6:30 More WNYA My4 Stories Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Harry Weekdays at 4 Me-TV Antenna TV NBC MyNetworkTV More Programming Stories Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information MENU MENU News Top Stories County By County Health Politics Your Money Education In-Depth Waste Watchers Weather First Warning Forecast National Grid First Warning Cams Closings & Delays Interactive Radar Sports Sports High School Scoreboard High School Football Game of the Week High School Athlete of the Week UAlbany Football Weekly Lifestyle Top Teacher STEM13 13 Kids Who Care Today's Women Let's Eat Melinda's Garden Forum 13 Things to Do Events Calendar Add an Event Movie Listings Contests Toys For Tots Save a Life Blood Drive WNYA My4 Tonight on My4 My4 Pet Show FCC EEO Public File Report Programming WNYT NewsChannel 13 Program Schedule WNYT Programs WNYA My4 Albany Program Schedule WNYA Programs Links Contact Us Contact Us Send a News Tip News Team About Us FCC Public Files Career Opportunities Video Copies How to Advertise Closed Captioning Information QUICK LINKS: Closings & Delays | Contests | STEM13 | Toys For Tots | Live Video | WNYT Apps & Alerts Advertisement 9/11 themed advertisements generate controversy September 09, 2016 06:41 PM JOHNSTOWN - Some advertisements surrounding the 15th anniversary of 9/11 are generating a lot of controversy. One man who worked to get a 9/11 memorial erected at a local college says he wants the day to be about remembrance, not sales. Advertisement – Content Continues Below "I don't see how 9/11 is a marketing tool. It doesn't click with me," explained Louis Pabano, a Fulton-Montgomery County Community College alum. He was instrumental in getting this piece of 9/11 history installed as a permanent memorial on campus. He worked at Ground Zero after the 9/11 attacks, helping to clear debris. However, a string of recent ads using 9/11 to sell merchandise has him and others upset. A Walmart in Florida featured a 9/11 themed display to sell soda. A mattress store in San Antonio posted an ad for a "Twin Tower Mattress Sale," including people falling into towers of mattresses and a woman screaming. The owner of the store, Cherise Bonanno, later apologized. "It was stupid. It was a stupid idea that we sent out and we apologize for our stupidity," said Bonanno. Pabano wants 9/11 to be a national holiday, used to educate future generations about the attacks. "Instead of using it to sell something, why not use it to promote knowledge," he suggested. Part of that education is the memorial which saw BOCES students stop by on Friday to learn about the attacks. Another is a photo exhibit Pabano put together of pictures he took while working at ground zero. He says the exhibit aims to show the humanity that followed the attacks, how people came together in the face of tragedy. "Also teach that there is a better way to live. That we can live in harmony, we just have to work at it," Pabano encouraged. Miracle Mattress, the store behind that controversial ad, is closing indefinitely. As for the photo exhibit, it opens at Fulton-Montgomery Community College at 7 p.m. Friday and runs through this weekend. Pabano plans on taking the exhibit to every state capital across the country. Related Stories Obama's 9/11 lawsuit veto a complex issue New York state extends deadline for Sept. 11 health claims 9/11 observed with blood drive at RPI People gather in Saratoga Springs to remember 9/11 9/11 memorial ceremony held in East Greenbush FDNY memorial held at St. Patrick's to mark 9/11 anniversary Toddlers of 9/11 reflect on attacks as high schoolers WEB EXTRA: Malcolm Nance 9/11 mattress promotion draws criticism NYS Museum adds poignant artifacts to tell 9/11 story Credits WNYT Staff Created: September 09, 2016 06:41 PM Copyright 2016 - WNYT-TV, LLC A Hubbard Broadcasting Company Advertisement Top Stories 9/11 themed advertisements generate controversy Toddlers of 9/11 reflect on attacks as high schoolers NYS Museum adds poignant artifacts to tell 9/11 story Anarchist graffiti sprayed outside Capitol in Albany SWAT team helps bust pot growing operation in Amsterdam Colonie police make DWI arrest after car crashes into home Man in critical condition after being hit by car in Latham Pittsfield police officer fired Advertisement Most Read Stories Man discovered beaten and buried alive in Schenectady basement sues non-profit Swastika transformed into message of 'LOVE' Car drives through Menands storefront Flames gut garage in West Sand Lake Train narrowly misses bus Advertisement Advertisement NEWS WEATHER SPORTS INTERACTIVE YOUR MONEY LIFESTYLE EVENTS WNYA My4 PROGRAMMING LINKS CONTACT US WNYT Public File | WNYA Public File | FCC Reports The station representative that can assist any person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public file is Laura Sousa. She can be contacted at lsousa@wnyt.com or 518-207-4703. About Us | Contact Us | News Team | © Copyright A Hubbard Broadcasting Company
The Scout Menu Our Staff Contact The Scout Advertise with The Scout PDF Archive News Sports Voice Opinion Web-only Puzzles Sep92016 The state of games Brien Jackson Voice Ah, gaming; it’s been a prominent part of my life since I was about 7 years old and continues to be at the ripe old age of 21. To me, there’s nothing like coming home after work or school and turning on a videogame to unwind a bit before bed.  Even as I continue to enjoy games today, I can’t seem to get rid of the pit of worry in my stomach about the current direction of the gaming industry. (As a game design major, I think about these things quite a lot.) A good number of game publishers and developers seem to be putting profit ahead of the quality of the game. Money should be made, of course, but there are so many games that are over-advertised, over-hyped or announced with pre-order bonuses and paid downloadable content (DLC) before the game is even shown to potential players. Advertising is a large part of the budget used to develop many of the games published today – without advertising, the game will just collect dust on Wal-Mart shelves. However, many ads for games tout pre-order bonuses and DLC before the game is even shown to consumers or make the game out to be much more than it is (throwing shade at you, “Watch Dogs”). Don’t get me wrong, DLC is great for games – it keeps much of the content fresh. But today, it seems like the base games offer less and less, while there’s more and more DLC to purchase and pre-order bonuses are so minor that it isn’t worth paying $60 before the game is even released (have I mentioned how expensive gaming is as a hobby?). Another trend that’s becoming more common is the remastering of older titles for new gaming consoles. Many developers are taking classic games and improving graphics, doing some bug-fixing and adding content, then re-releasing the game as a “remaster.” I think this is a pretty cool idea, but in some cases, not so much. “Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare”, a game from 2007, is getting the remaster treatment: updated graphics, improved gameplay and a lot of other fancy enhancements. But there’s one catch: in order to get the shiny remaster of the Call of Duty favorite, you have to purchase the newest Call of Duty title, “Infinite Warfare.” Purchasing that new title won’t be a problem for some, but the game’s trailer hasn’t exactly gotten favorable reviews from many older fans of the series. If you don’t believe me, look it up on YouTube; the trailer has more than 3.2 million down-votes, compared to about 540,000 up-votes. Just let that sink in. It’s awesome that an old favorite has been remastered, but it’s not so awesome that the only way to get it is to purchase a game no one in the gaming community seems to want. It’s like the publisher, Activision, knows its new game won’t be able to top some of the previous titles in the series.  There seems to be more and more examples of these events occurring in the gaming industry as time goes on. Unsatisfying games and a bucket-load of DLC won’t be the end of the gaming industry, but I feel like they can highlight some of the issues that currently plague it. Insert Pink Floyd’s hit “Money” here. Meadows Avenue Tap provides a welcome alternative Group fitness classes see low numbers Categories Bradley Job Openings Letters to the Editor Local Businesses News Opinion Police Reports Polls Puzzles Sports Videos Voice Web-only Advertisement Links Bradley University Apply to the Scout PDF archive Twitter: @bradley_scout Twitter: @ScoutSportsDesk Facebook: The Scout Google Plus: The Scout YouTube: Bradley Scout RSS Feed The Scout on Twitter Tweets by @bradley_scout © 2016 The Bradley Scout Xin Magazine Theme Home News Sports Voice Opinion Web-only Puzzles TOP
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK europe home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Canada 'Gallant' American jailed after floating across border into Canada John Bennett, 25, given two-month sentence for air mattress crossing Bennett said he was trying to protect fiancee from violent ex-boyfriend ‘I sense that there’s this element of a Romeo-Juliet type of thing,’ said a lawyer representing Canada’s public prosecutors. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo Ashifa Kassam in Toronto @ashifa_k Friday 9 September 2016 17.57 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.33 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old His goal was simple, he told authorities. He was hoping to protect his pregnant fiancee from a violent ex-boyfriend. There was just one, rather formidable, obstacle in his way: the Canada-US border. The solution devised by the 25-year-old American – floating down a river that separates the two countries on an inflatable mattress to illegally enter Canada – was ingenious, but it led this week to a two-month jail sentence. The American, identified as John Bennett by a crown prosecutor, first tried to legally cross the border between Calais, Maine, and the Canadian province of New Brunswick on Wednesday. He told authorities he wanted to see his girlfriend who lived in Canada, in the small town of St Stephen. He was denied entry after a background check turned up pending mischief charges in the US. Hours later he headed to his local Walmart, a court in Canada heard on Thursday. He bought an air mattress, inflated it, fashioned a wooden board into a paddle and set sail on the St Croix river, a tidal river 500 yards wide that sits between Maine and New Brunswick. As he floated along the river, he was spotted by a local resident who called the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, said Peter Thorn, a lawyer representing the public prosecution service of Canada. The RCMP headed to the area and found him soon after. “He was wet and carrying his boots and matched the description that the witness had given,” said Thorn. The young man immediately admitted to police that, driven by concerns over his girlfriend’s safety, he had crossed the river after being denied legal entry to Canada. “He, in his mind, thought he needed to do what needed to be done to get over there to see her and ensure that she was OK,” said Thorn. “But there has not been any corroboration on the so-called fiancee’s side of the story, meaning we don’t know the accuracy of what he was saying.” He was arrested and held in police custody overnight. During a court appearance on Thursday, he pleaded guilty to failing to appear at a border crossing. Bennett, who has no fixed address but is believed to reside in Calais, Maine, was sentenced to two months in jail in Canada, after which he will be returned to the United States. Canada halts wave of accidental US migrants as water-borne party goes awry Read more While this was the first time he had heard of someone making the crossing by air mattress, Thorn had had other cases where people had crossed the border by swimming or crossing the railway bridge. Some were people who refused to recognise land borders, others suffered mental health problems. “And there are other people who are overcome with desire to come across even though they have been rebuffed at the border, for whatever reason,” he said. “I don’t think this is the only case of a so-called love interest that has caused a person to break the law to go over there.” Still, the reaction to the case has surprised him. Some swooned over the gallantry of the act, with Thorn overhearing one person remark that they wished someone would carry out such an act for them. “I sense that there’s this element of a Romeo-Juliet type of thing. I think that’s part of it.” Others delighted in the idea of floating along the tidal river, said Thorn, such as the judge who told the accused in court, “Pardon the pun, but it seems to me you wanted to get there, come hell or high water.” More news Topics Canada Maine Americas Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Canada Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 59°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Princeton DAR opens 2016-17 year Published: Friday, Sept. 9, 2016 4:40 p.m. CST • Updated: Monday, Sept. 12, 2016 2:33 p.m. CST PRINCETON — The Princeton-Illinois Chapter NSDAR held its opening meeting of the 2016-17 chapter year on Sept. 3 at the Prouty Building in Princeton. Regent Diana Williamson announced the appointment of Dorothy Ary, rural Tiskilwa, to fill the vacated position of historian. Registrar Eva Blanco announced membership additions: Lura Hamilton, Lynda Bird and two prospective members who are waiting for full approval of their applications by the National Society Daughters of the American Revolution in Washington, D.C. A report on the June NSDAR Continental Congress, held in Washington, D.C., shared the news of the record achieved by the society and added to the Guinness Book of World Records. More than 100,900 letters to current military service members were collected for mailing within one week. The original goal was to collect 10,000 letters. The accomplishment was announced on Fox TV News the next day. Chairman Lois Peterson gave a National Park Minute and displayed the new Forever stamp honoring the 100th anniversary of the National Park Service. Members continue to collect Box Tops for Education to be donated to the Tamassee DAR School in Tamassee, S.C. The residential school has served children and families in crisis since 1919. The school plans to purchase a van through the program. Members with relatives serving during the Vietnam War era will be sharing photos of these military personnel to be placed on the Memorial Wall at the Princeton Walmart store. Both the Princeton-Illinois DAR chapter and Walmart are partners with the Department of Defense in commemorating the Vietnam War and those who served during that era. The chapter will participate in the Homestead Festival parade with a car entry. Constitution Day, Sept. 17, was announced. On that day members are asked to join other DAR members across the nation by ringing bells at 3:00 CST to commemorate the 229th anniversary of the signing of the U.S. Constitution. Constitution Week is celebrated Sept. 17-23. A display at the Princeton Public Library will highlight this important time. The chapter voted to collect food pantry items as its project for the NSDAR Day of Service on Oct. 11, the 126th anniversary of the founding of DAR. Members are asked to bring items to the next meeting on Oct. 7. “What to Do ...?” was the program given by Eva Blanco, covering information on NSDAR and chapter organization and chairmanships. The next meeting will be at 1:30 p.m. Friday, Oct. 7, at the Prouty Building. The program, “Let’s Get Ready to Vote,” will be presented by Kami Hieronymus, Bureau County Clerk. More News Community NotesNov. 16, 2016 - 3:06 pm Historical Society will be open Friday and SaturdayNov. 17, 2016 - 12:05 pm SBA will present Fall Theatre XIXNov. 16, 2016 - 4:19 pm Academy Singers will entertainNov. 17, 2016 - 9:10 am By the Book 11-17Nov. 16, 2016 - 11:00 am Bloodmobile in Spring ValleyNov. 15, 2016 - 4:15 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Menu Home News Cancelled or Renewed? TV shows status Cancelled TV Shows (lists) TV Ratings Daily Network Ratings Ratings by Season/Channel Weekly averages Soap Opera Ratings Archive About YouTube Facebook Twitter RSS Mail       Last Squad Standing: Oxygen Teases Friendship Competition Debuting in November by Cindy McLennan, September 9, 2016 Last Squad Standing TV series host Alesha Reneé. (Photo by: Becca Batista/Oxygen Media.) Could your closest group of friends withstand a $100,000 test? Below, watch a preview and check out team photos for the new Last Squad Standing TV series, premiering on Oxygen, Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 9:00pm ET/PT. Hosted by Alesha Reneé, the new competitive reality show features three squads of friends, pitted against each other for the big prize. The twist? Each week, a team will have to eliminate one of its own. The first season of Last Squad Standing features Mike, Armond, Charmaine, Nastashia and Nikia as “The Detroit Players.” Ciera, Colby, Davrielle, Fred and Ivy make up Baltimore’s team, “The Empire.” New Jersey’s own Caroline, Kaitlyn, Jay, Steven and Gia compete as the “Jersey Bosses.” Created and Executive Produced by Lighthearted Entertainment’s Rob LaPlante and Jeff Spangler, Last Squad Standing is also executive produced by Trish Gold for Lighthearted. Get the details from this Oxygen Media press release.     OXYGEN MEDIA KICKS OFF BRAND NEW COMPETITION SERIES “LAST SQUAD STANDING” TO PREMIERE TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1 AT 9PM ET/PT Hosted by Television Personality, Actor and Comedienne Alesha Reneé Three ‘Squads’ Battle for $100,000 Grand Prize NEW YORK – September 7, 2016 – Move over Taylor Swift, Oxygen Media is taking #squadgoals to the next level in the brand new competition series “Last Squad Standing” premiering Tuesday, November 1 at 9 PM ET/PT. Hosted by Alesha Reneé (“Girl Code”), three groups of friends from around the country will live together, compete and ultimately vote each other off the show for a grand prize of $100,000 and the title of “Last Squad Standing.” [Watch a sneak peek of the Last Squad Standing TV series from Oxygen Media.]   “Outside your family, your friends are the strongest bonds in your life through thick and thin. By giving these squads a chance at a life changing prize, their friendships will be put to the ultimate test of survival through physically demanding and emotionally charged challenges,” said Rod Aissa, Executive Vice President of Original Programming and Development, Oxygen Media. “Viewers will see how these relationships are tested, transformed and ultimately strengthened by this experience and the prize. We are excited to partner with Jeff Spangler, Robert LaPlante and the whole Lighthearted Entertainment team on this project which is sure to resonate with our viewers.” “Last Squad Standing” brings together three teams from Detroit, Baltimore and New Jersey for the ultimate squad-on-squad face-off. Each week they battle against each other in various physical challenges, but when a team loses, they must look within their own ranks to determine who will be up for elimination. The members of the winning crew vote for who stays and who goes. The squad that lasts until the end with the most members standing not only claims the title, but also walks away with a grand prize of $100,000. In a house full of hookups, heartbreaks and wild tempers; alliances and allegiances are put to the test as the contestants realize no one is safe from going home. Meet the Cast: Alesha Reneé (Host) Alesha Reneé is currently filming “24: Legacy” for Fox and has appeared on “Girl Code” and “Guy Code” (MTV), “Hotwyred,” “The5ive” and “106 and Park” (BET) and E! News. As an actor/TV personality, Alesha Reneé has also been tapped by several brands to be the face and voice behind multiple campaigns including Essence Festival (Walmart) and Proctor & Gamble’s “My Black is Beautiful” campaign and tour. She has been a host and spokesperson for McDonalds’ ”Men of McCafe,” a national community action initiative encouraging young men to be active in their community. Putting her comedic talents to good use, Alesha Reneé has studied at some of the best schools in the country, including Upright Citizens Brigade in New York, Aaron Speiser Acting Studio, and Susan Batson. Alesha Reneé has worked with some of the best in the industry including Spike Lee and HBO. The Detroit Players Raised in and around The Motor City, the Detroit Players are a physically dominating group with members Mike, Armond, Charmaine, Nastashia and Nikia. Mike is handsome, charming, ambitious and finds himself in a power struggle with Armond for the attention of the ladies in the house. Armond is a former college football star, accustomed to being the center of attention and considers himself the alpha of the group. Charmaine may be smart and pretty, but she’s also uncompromising and has a huge temper. Nastashia is always there to give her crew a reality check when necessary. Nikia is not only a mother to her 7-year old, she’s also the mother bear of the group that holds everyone together. The Empire The Empire is an eclectic group that hails from Baltimore with members Ciera, Colby, Davrielle, Fred and Ivy. Ciera, an aspiring actress and former pageant queen will do whatever it takes to keep her squad in the lead; even if it includes luring members from other teams into her web to crush them later. Colby, also known as “Starrz,” is a rapper who has a past with both Ciera and Ivy, the latter causing some problems for him during the competition. Davrielle is the “ride or die” member of The Empire, even though she is sometimes overlooked amongst the group. Fred is a standup comedian, but his serious side comes out during competition and displays his incredible loyalty to his crew. Ivy thrives off creating drama as she quickly makes a move for a member of another squad as soon as she gets in the house, catching all the teams off-guard. Jersey Bosses The Jersey Bosses are fearless, adventurous and tough as nails with members Caroline, Kaitlyn, Jay, Steven and Gia. Caroline is the queen bee, and is always there for her friends no matter what. Kaitlyn is a classic thrill seeker who will try anything once and is constantly pulling her friends into her adventures. Jay is a successful New York City promoter who hooks up his crew with VIP treatment everywhere they go. Steven loves pushing people’s buttons, especially Jay, with whom he’s had a longstanding feud. Recently single, Gia is the vamp of the group; every guy wants her, and she has a reputation of being a huge flirt. Last Squad Standing was created and Executive Produced by Lighthearted Entertainment’s Rob LaPlante and Jeff Spangler. Trish Gold serving as Executive Producer for Lighthearted Entertainment. About Oxygen Media: Oxygen Media is a multiplatform entertainment brand that targets young, multicultural women.  The network’s relevant and engaging content reflects how real women with real stories see the world – vibrant, optimistic and bold.  Oxygen is the destination where women can come together across multiple platforms to have fun and encourage each other through their individual and collective journeys.  The growing network’s unscripted original programming includes “Sisterhood of Hip Hop,” “The Prancing Elites Project,” “Like A Boss,” “Quit Your Day Job” and the popular “Preachers” franchise.  Available in over 77 million homes, Oxygen is a program service of NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment, a division of NBCUniversal, one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news, and information to a global audience. Watch Oxygen anywhere: On Demand, online or across mobile and connected TVs. What do you think? Did you enjoy the Last Squad Standing TV series trailer? Do you plan to check out the first season on Oxygen Media? Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More about: Last Squad Standing, Last Squad Standing: canceled or renewed?, Oxygen TV Shows: canceled or renewed? Related Articles Bad Girls Club: Season 17 Renewal for Oxygen Reality Series October 11, 2016 Strut: Oxygen Previews Transgender Model Series August 15, 2016 Oxygen Orders Four New TV Series June 8, 2016 Strut: Whoopi Goldberg Producing Transgender Model Series May 23, 2016 Virtually in Love: Online Dating Series Coming to Oxygen April 20, 2016 Douglas Family Gold: New Series Debuts on Oxygen in May March 9, 2016 Bad Girls Club: Twisted Sisters: New Season Coming to Oxygen in March December 22, 2015 Preachers of Atlanta: Oxygen Reality Series Debut Announced November 20, 2015 Finding My Father and Rich in Faith: Oxygen Premieres December 9 November 6, 2015 « Previous Post Next Post » Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment! Cancelled TV Show Lists Ratings (by TV Channel) Status Lists of 800+ Shows Quick Questions Fall 2016 Network Schedule TV Ratings TV Shows Status NBC 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) CW 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) FOX 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) CBS 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) ABC 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) Frequency: Season One Ratings The Goldbergs: Season Four Ratings Speechless: Season One Ratings Black-ish: Season Three Ratings Chicago PD: Season Four Ratings More... Cancelled or Renewed? Status of NBC TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of FOX TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of CBS TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of ABC TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of PBS TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of CW TV Shows November 16, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of Cable & Streaming TV Shows (S-Z) November 15, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of Cable & Streaming TV Shows (M-R) November 14, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of Cable & Streaming TV Shows (E-L) November 13, 2016 Cancelled or Renewed? Status of Cable & Streaming TV Shows (A-D) November 13, 2016 More... - Facebook Members WordPress Plugin The Latest 90210: Rumer Willis to Recur on FOX's Empire Star Trek: Discovery: CBS Believes It Wouldn't Survive on Network TV Intervention: New Episodes and Specials Coming to A&E Double Dare: Marc Summers Previews the Nickelodeon Reunion Special Homeland: Season Six Poster and Featurette Released by Showtime The Man in the High Castle: Amazon Releases Season Two Trailer Pitch: FOX Releases Season (Series?) Finale Info Any Given Wednesday: Cris Collinsworth Burns Bill Simmons Over Cancelled HBO Series True Detective, The Night Of: HBO Chief Gives an Update on Series' Futures America's Next Top Model: Season 23 Previewed by VH1 The Crown: Series Creator Not Ready to Commit to Season Three Beyond: Freeform Releases New Teasers for Supernatural Series The Night Shift: Season Four Renewal for NBC Series Pacific Heat: Netflix Previews Undercover Agent Animated Series Stan Against Evil: Season One Ratings Shadowhunters: Freeform Teases Season Two Premiere Match Game, To Tell the Truth: Second Seasons of ABC Game Shows Debut in January Channel Zero: Syfy Previews Season Two - No-End House Girls, Crashing, Last Week with John Oliver: HBO Announces February Premieres More... Popular NBC 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) CW 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) FOX 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) CBS 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) ABC 2016-17 Season Ratings (updated 11/17/16) TV Land TV Show Ratings (updated 11/17/16) FX TV Show Ratings (updated 11/17/16) OWN TV Show Ratings (updated 11/17/16) MTV TV Show Ratings (updated 11/16/16) TNT TV Show Ratings (updated 11/16/16) USA Network TV Show Ratings (updated 11/16/16) Syfy TV Show Ratings (updated 11/16/16) Cancelled or Renewed? Status of NBC TV Shows Cancelled or Renewed? Status of FOX TV Shows Cancelled or Renewed? Status of CBS TV Shows Cancelled or Renewed? Status of ABC TV Shows Cancelled or Renewed? Status of PBS TV Shows Cancelled or Renewed? Status of CW TV Shows 2016-17 Season Ratings for New TV Shows (week 8) No infringement of previously copyrighted material is intended on this site. DMCA Copyright © TV Series Finale. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 09, 2016 Comments Email Print By: SHELLY BANJO SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Analysis Mariano's parent Kroger lowers its own bar Kroger—which acquired Chicago-area grocery chain Mariano's late last year—is hitting the reset button.The high-flying grocery chain, whose shares have risen 184 percent in the past five years, cut its full-year earnings outlook on Friday after second-quarter results missed forecasts. To preserve cash, it said it would also pull back on capital spending by $500 million. The moves elicited little more than a shrug from investors on Friday, with shares flat on the news. That's likely because the grocer's warning comes a bit late: While Kroger has reported 51 straight quarters of increasing sales at established stores, not including fuel, growth has slowed for the past three quarters. Its shares, which rose 30 percent in 2015, are down nearly 25 percent so far this year. Better late than never, though. It's smart for Kroger to reset investor expectations, steering them away from assumptions of continued industry-defying performance and encouraging analysts to pare earnings estimates. Lower expectations are, of course, easier to beat, assuming Kroger manages to overcome some of the macroeconomic issues it faces. Kroger warned investors on Friday that the dollar value of its sales growth will keep falling, citing a level of U.S. food-price deflation not seen since the 1960's, aside from the recent financial crisis. Kroger, which sells a boatload of gasoline, said sustained low gas prices aren't helping, either.The price wars sparked by this deflation are already here, as illustrated by the scuttle between Walmart and dollar-store chains, which aren't even cheap enough these days. Still, everything in business is relative. Sinking food prices naturally affect America's largest grocers, Kroger and Walmart. But their heft will help them survive relatively unscathed, and they'll benefit when prices start rising again. The natural, organic, and better-for-you grocers such as Sprouts and Whole Foods won't fare as well. These specialty grocers thrived on the high food prices consumers reluctantly accepted in the first half of the decade. They could struggle to charge such premiums now that prices are falling hard everywhere else. That, in turn, helps Kroger and Walmart, which are ramping up organic and natural offerings to lure customers away from higher-priced competitors. (Organic now makes up more than 10 percent of Kroger's business.) In a deflationary environment, success in retail and food switches from being about turbo-charging sales to gaining marketshare. If Kroger and Walmart can offer customers quality food at lower prices, then they might convert new customers for the long term. And when prices turn around, as they did in 2009, those new customers can boost sales. Despite its slowing sales figures, Kroger said the number of households shopping at the grocer kept growing in the quarter. Meanwhile, it plans to keep investing in its digital grocery business and loyalty program, which lets it offer targeted discounts instead of store-wide promotions. And despite the cutback in capital spending, it said it would keep looking for M&A opportunities. Kroger's stock might be down, but don't count it out just yet. Shelly Banjo writes for Bloomberg Gadfly. Mariano's Fresh Markets Consumer Products Retail and Sales Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next McDonald's to add table service and kiosks to all U.S. restaurants Another 8-figure gift for Rehab Institute How Walgreens says it was scammed by Theranos Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
null
Fire department proposes new southside fire station - WXOW News 19 La Crosse, WI – News, Weather and Sports | Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME ABOUT US Get Social With WXOW WXOW.com's Hometown Tourist Connect with WXOW WXOW Jobs Advertiser Services NEWS News 19 Daybreak Politics Crime, Courts, and Police Mayo Clinic Health System-Experts In Health Obituaries Download the WXOW News App WEATHER iNTERACTIVE StormTracker School Alerts/Closings Your Weather Photos Get the Stormtracker 19 weather app Skycams, Traffic Cameras, and Road Conditions Weather Window SPORTS AP NCAA College Football Badgers Sports Report Outdoors News WXOW - Your Official Packers Station Local Sports Links COMMUNITY Contests Jefferson Awards Tools For Schools Everyone Has A Story Community Events-Things To Do VIDEO Request a copy of a story WHAT'S ON WXOW Live Channel What's On WXOW Watch ABC Shows CW Decades TV on WXOW Shows on WXOW Fire department proposes new southside fire station Posted: Thursday, September 8, 2016 8:43 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, September 22, 2016 8:43 PM EDT By Ginna Roe, MMJ Email Connect groe@wxow.com The growing population on La Crosse's southside has created a need for another fire station. The topic first came up at council meeting Tuesday night. Fire Chief Gregg Cleveland said a new station would help to reduce response times. And when it comes to fighting fires, time is everything.  "The sooner we can get to a fire, the more likely we are to contain the fire to the object or the room of origin and save lives," Cleveland said.  1967 was the last time the city built a fire station. Cleveland said the four current stations are not enough for the station to effectively do it's job and Mayor Tim Kabat agreed.  "There's a strong case to be made for a 5th station, especially based on the response times, the types of calls and how our city is configured," Kabat said.  The southside, near the Walmart on Mormon Coulee is the proposed location, an area that is currently under served.  "The 5th station really helps the entire city because what ends up happening now is when there is a significant call they have to move around resources both equipment and people to help different parts of the city," Kabat said. "What's happening right now is we have those heavy demands we can no longer have resources up in the north side, which then leaves a fairly good size vulnerability for those folks up here," Cleveland added.  He said the goal is to distribute city services more equally, to make sure no one has to wait when emergency strikes.  According to data the fire department collected over 6 to 7 years, the estimated $6 million project would lower the overall response times in the city by 17 percent. The project is still in it's initial stages and must be approved by the city council. If approved, Cleveland said the new station would require four new firefighters per shift and an additional fire engine. The city has $6 million set aside in the 2017 capital budget for this project.      Can't Find Something? WXOW 3705 CTH 25, La Crescent, MN 55947 Phone: 507-895-1919 or 800-947-9969 (WXOW) News tips: wxowaedesk@wxow.com Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WXOW. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Walmart To Build Massive Brevard County, FL Distribution Center by Rachel Williams, Orlando Business Journal Posted: Friday, September 9, 2016 at 2:41PM EDT Walmart is moving forward with plans to build a huge distribution center in Brevard County — a deal that will bring big construction and job opportunities to the region. The retail giant on Sept. 6 applied for a permit to begin a 146-acre project in Cocoa. Plans showed one main facility will have storage for freezer items, dairy, deli, cold produce, meat and dry produce. There also will be a dock for receiving and shipping, and smaller surrounding facilities for fuel, a guard house, a truck maintenance garage and more. The project in total encompasses 592,830 square feet and 943 parking space, documents showed. If granted the permit, Walmart could begin site work and move forward with contractor, subcontractor, vendor opportunities and more. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Orlando Business Journal Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2016 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Who is Mickey Gall? Rutgers graduate faces ex WWE wrestler CM Punk in UFC 203 WWE Superstar CM Punk Climbed to the Top of the Madison Square Garden Marquee CM Punk, a former WWE champion, makes his UFC debut Saturday against Rutgers graduate Mickey Gall. -PICTURED: CM Punk -PHOTO by: Dave Allocca/StarPix -Filename: Da27825087.JPG -Location: Madison Square Garden (Dave Allocca | AP) Print Email Ryan Dunleavy | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Ryan Dunleavy | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger on September 09, 2016 at 1:40 PM, updated September 09, 2016 at 2:47 PM comments Rutgers is a long way from adding mixed martial arts to its athletic department, but one of its own will be involved in a highly anticipated bout on the UFC 203 lineup. Mickey Gall, a 24-year old Rutgers graduate with a communications degree, will be the inaugural opponent for CM Punk -- a former WWE wrestler who is transitioning to the Ultimate Fighting Championship -- Saturday night at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Though much of the pre-match hype is focused on CM Punk (real name Phil Brooks), Gall has his own interesting tale of driving an overnight bread truck across New Jersey for Wal-Mart while attending Rutgers as a full-time student and maintaining a rigorous twice-a-day workout schedule at Gracie's Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Lebanon Township. UFC star Frankie Edgar opens NJ gym "My real major was in (jiu-jitsu)," Gall told The Daily Targum, Rutgers student newspaper. "I did what I needed to do to get by, graduated in four years. ... (Balancing school and MMA) was rough, I'd be lying if I said school was my main focus but ... it was important to me. It was important to my family too, so that made it more important to me." A former football captain and wrestler at Watchung Hills before moving on-campus at Cook College for one year and off the College Avenue campus for three, Gall was signed to UFC specifically for this fight so that CM Punk had an equally inexperienced opponent, according to FOX Sports. Consider it the benefit of self-promotion. When Gall found out that UFC President Dana White was going to be in attendance at his first fight to film an episode of his reality show "Lookin' for Fight," he called out CM Punk in hopes of catching White's attention, according to the Las Vegas Sun. What are the odds such a publicity stunt would work? "I thought definitely less than 50 percent," Gall told the Las Vegas Sun. "I was tossing up a Hail Mary a little bit. Dana White's here, and immediately, I had to make the most of it. That was the only guy I could fight." Gall won that first amateur fight a few months before college graduation, impressing White with his "win and ability to recognize an opportunity," according MMAWeekly. It launched a streak of four straight wins, including his UFC debut in February to punch his ticket as the odds favorite to defeat CM Punk. "I fought guys who have been doing this longer than me and I've beaten those guys," Gall told the Targum. "So someone who's been doing it less than me, probably a fourth as long as I've been doing it, he's gonna be in big trouble." Smack talk talk like that indicates Gall is adapting to the UFC climate pretty quickly. "It's been fun," Gall told FOX Sports on Wednesday at his pre-fight press conference. "I've really enjoyed the whole process. Pressure's not getting to me. I feel great." Gall is not Rutgers' only -- or most famous -- connection to UFC. Frankie Edgar is a former Rutgers wrestling coach who spars with two-time All-American wrestler Anthony Ashnault. LISTEN: Episode 2 of NJ.com's Rutgers Football podcast Rebuilding Rutgers: From The Ashes takes you inside the new football regime. This episode introduces and unravels The Spread, an increasingly popular offense Rutgers is running for the first time. Ryan Dunleavy may be reached at rdunleavy@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @rydunleavy. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook. A Rutgers Football podcast Listen now Subscribe on iTunes Subscribe on Stitcher Subscribe on Soundcloud Scoreboard © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Standings Schedule Players Standings Schedule Players Following Rutgers Football Ryan Dunleavy Todderick Hunt Keith Sargeant nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
null
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 09, 2016 Comments Email Print By: SHELLY BANJO SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Analysis Mariano's parent Kroger lowers its own bar Kroger—which acquired Chicago-area grocery chain Mariano's late last year—is hitting the reset button.The high-flying grocery chain, whose shares have risen 184 percent in the past five years, cut its full-year earnings outlook on Friday after second-quarter results missed forecasts. To preserve cash, it said it would also pull back on capital spending by $500 million. The moves elicited little more than a shrug from investors on Friday, with shares flat on the news. That's likely because the grocer's warning comes a bit late: While Kroger has reported 51 straight quarters of increasing sales at established stores, not including fuel, growth has slowed for the past three quarters. Its shares, which rose 30 percent in 2015, are down nearly 25 percent so far this year. Better late than never, though. It's smart for Kroger to reset investor expectations, steering them away from assumptions of continued industry-defying performance and encouraging analysts to pare earnings estimates. Lower expectations are, of course, easier to beat, assuming Kroger manages to overcome some of the macroeconomic issues it faces. Kroger warned investors on Friday that the dollar value of its sales growth will keep falling, citing a level of U.S. food-price deflation not seen since the 1960's, aside from the recent financial crisis. Kroger, which sells a boatload of gasoline, said sustained low gas prices aren't helping, either.The price wars sparked by this deflation are already here, as illustrated by the scuttle between Walmart and dollar-store chains, which aren't even cheap enough these days. Still, everything in business is relative. Sinking food prices naturally affect America's largest grocers, Kroger and Walmart. But their heft will help them survive relatively unscathed, and they'll benefit when prices start rising again. The natural, organic, and better-for-you grocers such as Sprouts and Whole Foods won't fare as well. These specialty grocers thrived on the high food prices consumers reluctantly accepted in the first half of the decade. They could struggle to charge such premiums now that prices are falling hard everywhere else. That, in turn, helps Kroger and Walmart, which are ramping up organic and natural offerings to lure customers away from higher-priced competitors. (Organic now makes up more than 10 percent of Kroger's business.) In a deflationary environment, success in retail and food switches from being about turbo-charging sales to gaining marketshare. If Kroger and Walmart can offer customers quality food at lower prices, then they might convert new customers for the long term. And when prices turn around, as they did in 2009, those new customers can boost sales. Despite its slowing sales figures, Kroger said the number of households shopping at the grocer kept growing in the quarter. Meanwhile, it plans to keep investing in its digital grocery business and loyalty program, which lets it offer targeted discounts instead of store-wide promotions. And despite the cutback in capital spending, it said it would keep looking for M&A opportunities. Kroger's stock might be down, but don't count it out just yet. Shelly Banjo writes for Bloomberg Gadfly. Mariano's Fresh Markets Consumer Products Retail and Sales Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next McDonald's to add table service and kiosks to all U.S. restaurants Another 8-figure gift for Rehab Institute How Walgreens says it was scammed by Theranos Goodman's family sold 'Go Cubs Go' just before song took off Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments 5 arrested on drug charges in 6-day span in Bayonne, cops say bayonne police car Five people were arrested in Bayonne over a six-day span in unrelated incidents involving drug charges, according to police. (Journal File Photo) Print Email Jonathan Lin | The Jersey Journal By Jonathan Lin | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal on September 09, 2016 at 3:00 PM, updated September 09, 2016 at 5:02 PM comments Five people, including three with past run-ins with law enforcement, were arrested in Bayonne over a six-day span in unrelated drug incidents, according to police. On Sept. 1, a 29-year-old Bayonne man was arrested in the area of 20th Street and Broadway on the charge of possessing under 50 grams of marijuana. He was later released on a summons, police said. That incident was followed by the Sept. 4 arrest of John D. Mays, 54, of Jersey City, who was charged with shoplifting and possessing cocaine and drug paraphernalia at a Walmart at 500 Bayonne Crossing Way. Mays, who was taken to the Hudson County jail in Kearny on a $15,000 bail with a 10 percent option, was involved in a similar case at the same location in April 2015, police said. Information about the status of the earlier charges wasn't immediately available. On Sept. 6, police made three additional drug arrests. Reymundo Rodriguez Jr., 25, of Bayonne was arrested at 18th Street and Avenue C on the charge of possessing Xanax after he and a 16-year-old boy were found kicking a car, police said. Both were charged with criminal mischief. Rodriguez was arrested in May 2011 after he was found walking inside the PATH tunnel at Exchange Place in Jersey City, authorities said. Authorities subsequently searched his apartment, with one source saying at the time that police expected to find weapons. According to electronic court records, Rodriguez was later convicted of possessing a firearm for an unlawful purpose in connection to the incident. Also on Sept. 6, Joseph R. Alvarez, 40, of Bayonne was arrested in the area of 48 Ave. C on the charges of possessing more than one ounce of marijuana with the intent to distribute it within 500 feet of public housing and 1,000 feet of a school. The Avenue C man, who was also accused of possessing drug paraphernalia, was taken to the Hudson County jail in Kearny on a $50,000 cash-only bail. Alvarez was charged in July 2013 with throwing marijuana out of his car window while police tried to pull him over, according to police. The current status of that case couldn't immediately be determined. The remaining Sept. 6 drug arrest was that of Phillip P. Robinson, 26, of Jersey City, who was charged at 19th Street and Kennedy Boulevard with possessing cocaine and marijuana with the intent to distribute the drugs, as well as having drug paraphernalia and a hypodermic syringe. Robinson was taken to the Hudson County jail in Kearny on a $50,000 bail with a 10 percent option. Jonathan Lin may be reached at jlin@jjournal.com. Follow him on Twitter @jlin_jj. Find The Jersey Journal on Facebook.   Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
