Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Overall crime down in St. Paul last year, focus on guns in 2017 Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar Three Minneapolis teens win big with sports gear check-out program Price of admission to Minnesota State Fair is being increased Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Buddy Holly band member Tommy Allsup, who saved his life with a coin toss, dies at 85 One hand on light switch, Obama isn't flipping to 'off' just yet next Business 409584595 Minneapolis agency Haworth wins Wal-Mart media account Mpls. takes on giant account after losing Target advertising business.  By Nicole Norfleet Star Tribune January 4, 2017 — 8:24pm Mel Evans, AP Haworth, the Minneapolis ad agency, won the media account of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which spends $2 billion on U.S. advertising annually. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Haworth Marketing and Media will help Wal-Mart Stores Inc. choose how it spends its advertising dollars, a big win eight months after the Minneapolis advertising firm lost one of its biggest clients — Target Corp., a major competitor to Wal-Mart. “Haworth will play a number of roles for the Wal-Mart U.S. marketing team, well beyond those of a traditional media agency,” Tony Rogers, Wal-Mart’s chief marketer in the U.S., said this week. Haworth will oversee the retailer’s media planning and placement, strategy for brand integrations as well as help Wal-Mart form strategic marketing partnerships. Wal-Mart, the nation’s biggest company with about $480 billion in annual revenue, spent nearly $2.1 billion on advertising in the U.S. in 2015, including $621 million in measured media, according to Advertising Age. “Haworth’s expertise in delivering compelling media solutions, combined with their positioning in the media and entertainment industry, will make them a tremendous resource for us going forward,” Rogers said. Haworth, which employs about 200 people in Los Angeles and Minneapolis, has done work for an array clients such as Dick’s Sporting Goods, Beats by Dre headphones, and Caribou Coffee. “We look forward to the ways we’ll tell Wal-Mart’s story to the world,” Haworth chief executive Gary Tobey said in a statement. “Wal-Mart has tremendous momentum; our team is ready to push to new heights, connecting with customers in relevant and innovative ways.” Last spring, Target decided to end its long-standing relationship with Haworth and consolidate its media buying and planning business under advertising giant GroupM, which had recently taken a 49 percent stake in Haworth. GroupM later formed a Minneapolis agency called Team Arrow Partners to handle the Target account. After Wal-Mart confirmed last year that it was ending its relationship with agency MediaVest, the company confirmed it was in discussions with Haworth. Wal-Mart will begin working with Haworth immediately.   Twitter: @nicolenorfleet nicole.norfleet@startribune.com 612-673-4495 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trump's inauguration raises stakes, hopes in rural Minn. Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Charge: Stranger molests woman in booth at Stadium Village bar TV listings 3M to sell identity management unit for $850 million Knight Foundation gives $640,000 to St. Paul projects Historic Van Dusen Mansion in Minneapolis, now an event center, sold for $3M Taylor Corp. finalizes purchase of Staples Print Solutions Interim CEO of Evine Live vows to review merchandise mix More From Business National 22 minutes ago PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. National 7:05pm Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies Democrats staged across the country to highlight opposition. National 6:36pm Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks The Slants aren't exactly a household name when it comes to music, but the Asian-American rock band has certainly made its mark in the legal world. National 4:50pm John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Two of John Lewis' books have sold out on Amazon after the Democratic congressman claimed the top spots on the retailer's best-seller list. Business 4:28pm College debt poses big challenge to would-be entrepreneurs Start-ups are trailing off as graduates wrestle with significant debt payments. Top Stories Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 12 minutes ago Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 7 minutes ago Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept 47 minutes ago Most Read For Twin Cities home buyers this year, what matters most is speed • Business A lesson on why individual incentive programs don't work • Business A sign of the times: St. Paul sign painter keeps craft alive • Business Pay gap between college graduates and everyone else at a record • Nation Minneapolis company Vibes will be on 'Shark Tank' • Business World Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Nation What happens between now and Ringling's closure in May? Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Politics Some in Legislature reject sanctuary city concept Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild After tremendous first half, Wild opens second half tonight in Chicago Early flurry of goals before a frantic finish for Wild over Dallas Wolves Lethargic Wolves fall to Mavs after winning three straight Postgame: Wolves' winning streak ends in Dallas Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Ryan leads Falcons to NFC title game, beating Seattle 36-20 Celebrities Lucasfilm shoots down talk that it will re-create Princess Leia digitally in new films The sad tale behind legendary Marilyn Monroe image poll Poll: Which Wild home jerseys do you like better? 10,000 Takes Living with parents? This Concordia University student is glad she never left His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Ilhan Omar begins term as first Somali-American legislator 02:53 A ceremonial swearing in was staged at the Capitol for supporters after legislators ... Taste From Swedish pancakes to Irish rarebit, the 13 most popular recipes of 2016 Going, going, gone: 113-year dining tradition ending in downtown Minneapolis StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Top stories of 2016 Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 4:57 PM Jan 3, 2017 at 4:57 PM By Jason Jordan and Brian QuinnThe Evening Tribune The Spectator news and sports staffs have summarized the stories they judged as the most compelling of 2016. This list includes ten stories, but of course, there were many other important developments in the last 12 months that would have also been right at home on this list. The year's top 10 come from the worlds off business, politics, industry, crime and sports. These stories made a difference, in our lives, our sense of well-being and the way we view the world. So long 2016. Hello 2017. It's guaranteed to be an eventful year.   1. Alstom 2.5 billion contract with Amtrak Please see the above story. 2. Message of Hate The day after the presidential election, someone spray painted Make America White Again with a large swastika on a softball dugout in Wellsville at Quackenbush Field. Other incidents took place across the country, but the graffiti in Wellsville became the national photo when it came to reporting on things. The photo was on the front page of the USA Today, in Time Magazine and on media outlets around the world. Volunteers in Wellsville quickly painted over the sign and peace signs were put up, which also received attention. Wellsville Village Police Timothy O'Grady said at the time, "The graffiti was certainly concerning, biased and racially charged, but we have not developed a specific target. The department is actively investigating the incident and will charge anyone responsible. At this time, it appears that this is an isolated incident. In no way does this act represent the sentiments of the Wellsville residents and it will not be condoned." New York State Gov. Andrew Cuomo took the matter personally and launched an investigation, directing the New York State Police to assist. No arrests have been made to date. 3. Hornell hospital finds a new home When 2016 began, the status of St. James Mercy Hospital’s future in Hornell was unknown. In March, the hospital was notified it has received a state grant request for $55 million to build a new facility. In October, plans to move to the former K-Mart location in North Hornell for a new 87,300 square-foot, state-of-the-art hospital on the Hornell-Arkport road were officially submitted to state authorities. "Today is a significant day for the leadership, clinicians, staff, volunteers and patients of St. James Mercy Hospital," said John Weyand, DC, chair of the St. James Mercy Hospital board of directors. "This CON application is the result of three years of hard work by St. James Mercy's leadership and the many members of our community who invested countless hours to help make our vision of a new facility for Hornell and the surrounding region a reality."   4. Citizens stop Wal-Mart in Wellsville The Appellate Division reversed a local judge's ruling upholding the Town of Wellsville's finding that a proposed Walmart Superstore would not harm the environment. The town's findings were challenged by the Wellsville Citizens for Responsible Development (WCRD). "We agree with petitioner (WCRD) that the Town Board failed to take the requisite hard look at the impact of the project on wildlife, the community character of the ...; Village of Wellsville and surface water and thus that Supreme Court (in Allegany County) erred in denying the petition," appellate justices wrote in their decision. Aside from the town of Wellsville, the respondents named in the petition included Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Real Estate Business Trust, Wal-Mart Stores East, LP, Wellsville Town Board, Dean Arnold in his capacity as town highway superintendent and the Village of Wellsville. "Obviously, we're pleased with the result and feel it vindicates our concerns expressed during the environmental review. WCRD, as it has been throughout, looks forward to remaining an active participant in any future environmental review process Walmart might be looking to restart following the court decision annulling the negative declaration," said WCRD attorney Parker MacKay.   5. Nojay’s death shakes up political landscape Four days before a Republican Primary in September, the region’s politics were thrown into a state of tumult with the untimely death of Assemblyman Bill Nojay (R-Pittsford), who represented Hornell. The long-time business lawyer, turned political talk radio host, turned state legislator was 59 when he killed himself at Riverside Cemetery in Rochester. It had been speculated that the suicide was motivated in part by pending legal matters concerning Nojay’s business dealings. Federal investigators broke their silence on the matter in recent weeks saying Nojay misdirected $800,000 from a client's escrow account to his re-election campaign, a lobbyist, a car dealer and his children. After Nojay’s death, his name stayed on Republican primary ballots as he defeated Honeoye Falls Mayor Rick Milne, posthumously. Former State Assemblyman Joseph A. Errigo was tabbed by local Republican Party chairmen to run in the November election and he defeated Democrat Barbara Baer. Nationally, Donald Trump rode his outsider campaign all the way to the presidency,. Regionally, fellow Republican Tom Reed, who forged close ties with Trump, easily won reelection over Naval Capt. John Plumb. It was a clean sweep for the GOP, with Sen. Tom O’Mara surviving a tough challenge while being reelected to the State Senate.   6. Hornell meth suspects on the run In the early morning hours of Feb. 19, a house at 9 Olive Place in the City of Hornell was rocked by an explosion. When firefighters were able to extinguish the flames, it quickly became apparent that the fire was caused by a meth lab in an upstairs apartment. One resident of the apartment was detained by police, while two primary suspects: Harold Warner, 27 and Amy Sue Briscoe, 36, were said to have fled the scene. For weeks, police followed possible leads coming from the Bath area, but the suspects next surfaced in Virginia on March 30, where Amy Briscoe drowned in the James River. Warner was briefly detained by Richmond Police, but was able to slip away by providing a fake drivers license. By the time authorities were able to debunk the fake ID, Warner had been released from the hospital where he was treated for hypothermia, and was again on the run. Warner was eventually arrested in Lemoyne Borough, Pa. following a traffic stop and charged with driving under the influence, false identification to law enforcement and possession of drug paraphernalia. More action is expected to be taken on the meth charges in early 2017.   7. Business opening  A total of nine new businesses opened in the City of Hornell in 2016, according to a count by Hornell Partners for Growth. The types of businesses opening their doors varied, but those catering to beer and wine service especially, found success in the Maple City in 2016.  In September, Lion's Will Music Shop and Decals and Doodles were named Businesses of the Year for 2016. The Steuben County Conference and Visitors Bureau is looking to increase the Hornell area's visibility in 2017, using the city's arts and craft beverage scene as a starting point. Body 8. GE closes Lufkin Industries in Wellsville The Luftkin Industries plant closed on Dec. 20 as 54 employees lost their jobs at the manufacturing plant, formerly RMT. The employees were not represented by a union. Allegany County has taken over the building and is searching for a buyer.   9. New Mayor in Wellsville Wellsville has a new mayor as Trustee Randy Shayler defeated incumbent Mayor Judy Lynch by close to a 2-to-1 margin. The three-way race for mayor was one of the most watched local elections in recent memory. Shayler, a Republican, said, "Initially, I was wondered how concerned the citizens felt about taxes. Were they interested in the message I was trying to get across? I was not 100 percent confident if they wanted the taxes controlled and lowered. It's a mandate from the population that they are concerned about controlling spending, turning around the tax increases and getting our arms around the economy in the village."   10. All They do is Win In March, Chris Potter researched the Wellsville High School sports programs as part of an in-depth look at championships. He found the school has won 65 titles in 12 sports since 1984. Track and Field Coach Dean Giopulos said, "It's a family. These guys that were with me 30 years ago are still relevant and part of the program. To me, that's probably the most rewarding thing about it. They're grown men now who are still avidly interested in how we do. It means a lot to me that we've built that type of culture around our program." Athletic Director Dennie Miles started coaching baseball in 1976 and has had one losing season (a 10-11 campaign) in 40 years. The 90s were an unquestioned golden age for Wellsville athletics, with seven different programs claiming an astounding 28 Section V championships from 1990 to 1999. That run included a state title in volleyball in 1994, a state-record 58 straight wins for the softball team, and countless careers that are now recognized in Wellsville's Athletics Hall of Fame. The school tied a record with four titles (boys soccer, basketball and track plus girls' basketball) in the 2015-2016 season. "When I first took over as AD and we put up the very first banner in 84, I said to myself then I hope someday to see this gym absolutely decorated, just plastered with Section V championships," Miles reflected. "It's getting closer. We're running out of space, but that would be a great problem to have. After they win a Section V title, the kids are all over me to get that banner up in the gym. No disrespect, I know a lot of schools have banners but generally they put up one banner for one sport, and then they put up little numbers that people can't even see. I go into gyms and I can't even read the year they won it."   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services SPECIAL PUBLICATIONS Place an Ad Submit News Rate Card E-edition Contact Us Communities Hornell Arkport Alfred Hornell Schools Alfred/Almond Schools Town of Hornellsville Sports Alfred State YMCA Section V Hornell Football Alfred University Sister Publications The Online Leader The Chronicle-Express Wellsville Daily Reporter Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Evening Tribune ~ 32 Broadway, Hornell, NY 14843 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Football Fever Auto Racing Outdoors Hunting and Trapping Fishing and Boating Camping and Hiking Nature and Wildlife Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber E-edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Flooding, possible tornadoes claim 5 lives CBS Evening News Inauguration preparation CBS Evening News Trump's final weekend CBS Evening News Kerry exit interview CBS Evening News Gupta exit interview CBS Evening News Emotional reunion CBS Evening News Ringling Brothers Circus to close CBS Evening News Millennial Whisky 60 Minutes Politics 60 Minutes Presents U.S. TSA: Record number of guns found in carry-ons last year U.S. Sharp increase in human trafficking reported in Florida U.S. Third wave of freezing rain hits central U.S. U.S. Eddie Long, controversial megachurch leader, dies age 63 U.S. Internet, animal rights helped shut down Ringling Bros. U.S. Pats set record, Falcons cruise in NFL playoffs U.S. Miss. town to reconsider "Great Americans Day" designation on MLK Day, mayor says U.S. Woman abducted as an infant reunites with biological parents U.S. "The Greatest Show on Earth" to close after 146 years, Ringling Brothers says U.S. Ky. woman shot by officers before bodies of slain family found, police say U.S. National Park scenic drive closes indefinitely after rock slide U.S. Woman had "inclination" she may have been kidnapped, sheriff says CBS/AP January 3, 2017, 3:58 PM 4 women killed by twister while sheltering in bathroom of Ala. trailer home Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email ALABAMA -- Authorities are identifying four people killed when an apparent tornado sent a large tree toppling on to a mobile home in southeast Alabama. Houston County Coroner Robert Byrd says 53-year-old Michelle Lewis died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. He says both women lived in the trailer where they died near Rehobeth, Alabama. Byrd identifies the other two victims as family friends, 51-year-old Terina Brookshire of Hartford, Alabama, and 53-year-old Carla Lambart, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd says three other people survived, including Lawana Henrich. He says she was the mother of Amanda Blair and sister of Michelle Lewis. The coroner says Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter. Byrd says four women who went into one bathroom were killed, while Henrich, her husband and another man were uninjured in another bathroom. Play Video CBS This Morning Severe flooding, possible tornadoes slam the South Communities in the South expect more severe weather after a deadly storm system slammed the region. Violent weather left a trail of damage and fl... Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” CBS Mobile affiliate WKRG-TV reported that the Gulf Shores area was hit with severe winds and rain, but no deaths were reported there. The local zoo is reported to have rescued cages of Lemurs and birds who were blown into a pond on the property. In Mossy Head, Florida, a 70-year-old man drowned Monday, apparently accidentally, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office says, adding that deputies found his car partially submerged “and his body floating face-down” near his trailer. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Walmart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Play Video CBSN South cleans up after deadly storm system At least 5 people were killed as severe storms tore through several southern states. CBS News' Omar Villafranca walks through the damage in Rehob... In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted.  Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska.  Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” - the most severe category - according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. Eddie Long, controversial megachurch leader, dies age 63 The Baptist leader was dogged by reports of impropriety and infidelity as he grew a tiny congregation to 25,000 people Internet, animal rights helped shut down Ringling Bros. In an online era, “The Greatest Show on Earth” didn’t seem so great after enthralling fans since Ulysses S. Grant was president Popular From 60 Minutes Obama and the 2008 general election A president and a journalist: 17 interviews When 60 Minutes first met Barack Obama Obama and the Democratic 2008 primaries An Obama family flashback on 60 Minutes Play Video Inauguration preparation Play Video Trump's final weekend Play Video Kerry exit interview Play Video Gupta exit interview Play Video Emotional reunion Previous Next 31 Photos Smithsonian's "First Ladies" collection 26 Photos Michelle Obama's best outfits 45 Photos Dance photographer Martha Swope 1928-2017 6 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 37 Photos North American International Auto Show 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump blasts civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter Trump fires back at Meryl Streep over her comments at Golden Globes Trump's press conference - live updates Jeff Sessions under spotlight at AG confirmation hearing -- live blog Jared Kushner will be named White House senior adviser New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice More In News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice Providing education, care: Pre-K access average in Northeast Mississippi Fewer in state choose ACA View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Schaefer, William preview in-state rivalry Featured All-American punter picks MSU With Logan Cooke entering his senior season, Mississippi State secured its future punter on Sunday. U.S. Army All-American Tucker Day chose the... Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work More In Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work Educators, business leaders seek to close skills gap Chapter 3 buys Golden Chair furniture company View all posts in Business Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls More In Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years DAVID PANNELL: Early morning encounter of dogs, humans teaches new tricks View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation Letters to the Editor: Jan. 15, 2017 OUR OPINION: American spirit requires active, faithful citizens View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Jimmy John's update: mid-February opening expected in Tupelo Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Daily Journal Fall Sports Banquet Rocky Topped: Rebels curtail 28-game slide to UT VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 13, 2017 Ole Miss-Georgia: Day After Observations Shooting blanks: Season-low percentages lead to home loss VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 12, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Police search for Walmart shooting suspects Police search for Walmart shooting suspects Posted on December 28, 2016 by William Moore in Crime & Law Enforcement, News By William Moore Daily Journal TUPELO – The Tupelo Police Department is searching for six suspects in connection with a Monday night shooting in a Walmart parking lot. Around 8:15 p.m. Monday, police were dispatched to a disturbance with shots fired in the parking lot of the Walmart at 2270 W. Main St. The suspects fled the scene before officers arrived, and it appears that no one was struck by the gunfire. Two unoccupied vehicles were hit by bullets. “We don’t know for sure where it started, but it appears the incident started outside in the parking lot,” said TPD spokesman Capt. Chuck McDougald. “Based on information from witnesses and the (exterior security cameras), it was some kind of altercation between individuals.” Police are still trying to determine how many weapons were involved and how many shots were fired. After studying the surveillance footage of the scene, both inside and outside the store, investigators singled out six suspects connected with the shooting. Tupelo police released the images of five of the males inside the business. There were no clear images of the sixth suspect, McDougald said. Some of the suspects are believed to have driven way in a four-door mid-size SUV. This is the second incident in less than two weeks in the same parking lot involving a handgun. On the afternoon of Dec. 14, a male brandished a handgun and tried to force a woman out of her vehicle. She struggled with him, and he fled with two accomplices. Following a pursuit that ended with a search of a nearby neighborhood, three juvenile boys (ages 14, 16 and 17) were arrested and charged as adults. “There is no indication that either of the two incidents are related toWalmart other than the fact that it took place in their parking lot,” McDougald said. Anyone with information as to the identities of the males in the photos is asked to call Tupelo Police at 662-841-6491 or Crime Stoppers of Northeast Mississippi at 1-800-773-TIPS. william.moore@journalinc.com Note: one suspect not pictured. Suspect 1 Suspect 2 Suspect 3 Suspect 4 Suspect 5 Suspect car Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Tupelo CVB anticipating busy start to year Fireworks banned in some cities across region → Donald Stokes Driven, not drove. Grammar 101. sam6 may need armed guards to protect us at this store. what draws this type of person to this store MidTennDog “Some of the SUSPECT are believed to have DROVE way in a four- door mid-size SUV.” Come on, Mr. Moore. (smh) Brad Locke Whoops, we’ve fixed those typos. Thanks. Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Which of the "Final Four" teams is most likely to win a national championship next season? Alabama Clemson Ohio State Washington View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages UPDATE: Missing person found Daily Journal Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years Youth is served: Inexperienced Bulldogs continue winning ways Lady Devils use free throw line to grab Prentiss County trophy Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months MSU Notebook: Mourning Peters comes up big Move to learn: Saltillo teacher blends walking, learning through grant Fewer in state choose ACA RAW: Nettleton couple goes back to nature for home furnishings Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Father-of-two, 37, is beaten to death in ambush attack while shopping at a Texas Walmart Justin 'JJ' Jones died from head trauma after being struck from behind at the Tomball Walmart Monday morning  Tomball police released CCTV screenshot showing a suspect in the killing  Investigators say Jones' killing was not random and he likely knew his attacker  By Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com Published: 13:30 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 01:20 EST, 4 January 2017 e-mail 241 shares 339 View comments A father-of-two from Texas was shopping at a Walmart early Monday morning when police say someone came up to him from behind and delivered several blows to the head that proved fatal. Justin Lee 'JJ' Jones, 37, was rushed to a Woodlands hospital after the ambush attack at the Tomball Walmart but passed away from severe head trauma just hours later. Investigators have released a screenshot from a surveillance video inside the store showing a possible suspect in the killing.  Ambush killing: Police in Texas say Justin Jones, 37 (left), died from head trauma after someone attacked him from behind. They released a screenshot from a CCTV video depicting a possible suspect (right)  Shopping trip gone wrong: Jones was shopping at this Tomball Walmart early Monday when someone sneaked up on him from behind and struck him in the head   The CCTV image depicts a white male dressed in a red T-shirt and red-and-white sneakers, carrying a white motorcycle helmet in his right hand. His right arm appears to be covered in tattoos. According to a message posted on the Tomball Police Department's Facebook page, the unidentified suspect was seen riding a black motorcycle. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Gunman, 26, 'kills logger and shoots his friend in the head... Father kills armed robber who shot him in the face after... Share this article Share Detectives say the deadly ambush on Justin Jones was not a random act of violence, and that the father-of-two likely knew his assailant. According to witness reports, the suspect struck Jones in the head during a scuffle that took place at around 1am. Officers who responded to the scene at 27650 State Highway 249 found the victim lying unconscious on the ground, reported Houston Chronicle. Father: Jones, pictured with his dog, is survived by his two young sons and his girlfriend Jones' girlfriend, Lindsey Stover, told the station KPRC she does not know the man in the CCTV screenshot but called on him to come forward 'and own up to what they did.' Jones, who according to his Facebook page worked for an air conditioning company, leaves behind two young sons, his mother and sister. 'He was so full of life, he was happy,' Stover said of her slain boyfriend.   A relative has launched a GoFundMe page to help Jones’ family with his funeral expenses. As of Tuesday afternoon, the campaign has drawn $500 in donations.  Read more: Funeral Arrangements For JJ Magnolia man murdered inside Tomball Walmart - Houston Chronicle Father of 2 ambushed, killed at Walmart in Tomball Share or comment on this article e-mail 241 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (336) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used... The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son all share the same birthday More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch Replay: News at Five WHO-HD Channel 13 TV Schedule Search Contact Us whotv.com Menu News Mega Doppler-S Sports On 13 Gift Guide Contests Events Weather 31° 31° Low 26° High 34° Mon 28° 37° Tue 30° 36° Wed 27° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert DCI Hopes to Finish Up Pella Walmart Crash Investigation This Week Posted 10:50 am, January 3, 2017, by Kelly Maricle, Updated at 10:53AM, January 3, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Pickup truck plows into Pella Walmart. PELLA, Iowa – The Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation hopes to wrap up its investigation this week into a deadly December crash at the Pella Walmart. Three people were killed December 1st when a Ford F-150 truck driven by 66-year-old Dennis Mockenhaupt plowed through the front doors of the Pella Walmart and into the produce section. Four people inside the store were hit by the truck and three of them died. Walmart employees Carrie Zugg and Lindsey Rietveld were killed along with shopper Ruth Jean DeJong. Robert DeJong was injured. Special Agent in Charge Mike Motsinger with the DCI says they are working to finish up investigative reports from the crash and hope to have them completed and transferred to the Marion County Attorney’s Office by the end of the week. It will be up to the county attorney whether any charges are filed in the case. 41.408033 -92.916405 Filed in: News Topics: pella walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google Email Reddit Tumblr Channel 13 is on Instagram! Join the fun. Share with us! Popular Winter Storm Could Bring Dangerous Conditions Sunday Night Des Moines Man Found in Utah Accused of Missing Woman’s Murder Homicide: Police Find Body Believed to be Missing Des Moines Woman Latest News Iowans Stock Up to Stay Away from Storm “Park, Eat, Play” Project to Combat Parking Problem in Downtown Des Moines Worried Affordable Care Act Supporters Rally Outside Courthouse Marshalltown Man Hit by Train, Killed News Names of Driver and Victims Released In Pella Walmart Crash News Pella Shines a Guiding Light on Darkness after Walmart Crash Kills Three News Three People Killed, Two Injured When Truck Slams Into Pella Walmart News Friends Remember Crash Victim as Pella Walmart Pharmacy Reopens News Church Becomes Cornerstone for Many Grieving After Pella Walmart Crash News Pickup Truck Drives Into Pella Walmart News Newton Woman Killed in Highway 163 Crash News Christmas Season Kicks Off in Pella News Former Pella Teacher Charged With Sexual Exploitation News Police Chase Leads to Evacuation of Clinton County Walmart News Des Moines Man Killed in Weekend Motorcycle Accident News Pella Community Shows it is ‘Stella Strong’ News Friday Night Crash Leaves Four in Hospital Mobile Apps 13Now News App for iPhone & iPad 13Now News App for Android 13WarnMe Weather App for iPhone & iPad 13WarnMe Weather App for Android Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1801 Grand Ave. Des Moines, IA 50309 • Copyright © 2017, WHO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Long Live Reach: Buying Eyeballs Still Works If It's Done Right By Brian Sheehan - 2 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago Array 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Why Agencies Should Race to the 'Middle' By Marc Brownstein - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sprint Invites Agencies to Pitch for Media Planning and Buying By Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago Array 0 Mobile Wallet's Branding Problem By Matt Silk - 2 hours ago 0 BBDO Names Tara DeVeaux CMO; Doubles Down on Insights, Data By Lindsay Stein - 2 hours ago 0 Facebook Says Network Now Serves Ads to Washington Post, Rolling Stone, 1B People By Garett Sloane - 19 hours ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Why Creative Agencies Need to Think Like Consultants in 2017 By Penry Price - Yesterday 0 Here's How the New Vertical Video Ads Will Look Inside Instagram Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 How This Regional Toyota Marketer Connected TV Ads to Dealer Visits By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Three Costly Mobile Advertising Habits to Shake in 2017 By Scott Swanson - Yesterday 0 Just How Epic Are Tom Brady's Moves? Intel's Super Bowl Spot Has the Answer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Walmart Shifts Massive Media Account to Target's Former Agency Haworth By Jack Neff. Published on January 03, 2017. Most Popular Walmart has made it official, hiring former Target media shop Haworth Marketing & Media, according to a memo from U.S. Chief Marketing Officer Tony Rogers, who said the shop's role will go "well beyond" that of a traditional media agency. Tony Rogers The move follows Walmart last year announcing it would part ways with Mediavest effective at the end of the current fiscal year Jan. 31. Paving the way for today's move in April, Target announced it would part ways with Haworth, owned 49% by WPP, in favor of WPP's GroupM, which set up a dedicated shop Arrow Partners for Walmart's rival. Walmart confirmed in April it was in talks with Haworth, but has declined until today to officially acknowledge it was hiring the shop. Walmart spent nearly $2.1 billion on advertising in the U.S. in 2015, according to the Advertising Age Datacenter, including $621 million in measured media per Kantar Media. "Haworth will play a number of roles for the Walmart U.S. marketing team, well beyond those of a traditional media agency," Mr. Rogers said in his memo. "These roles include media planning and placement, strategy for brand integrations and strategic partnerships in the marketing, media and entertainment arenas. Haworth's expertise in delivering compelling media solutions, combined with their positioning in the media and entertainment industry, will make them a tremendous resource for us." While Publicis Groupe lost out on Walmart's U.S. media, it later picked up business last year at the expense of Interpublic's Martin Agency as Walmart consolidated much of its U.S. creative work there. And Saatchi & Saatchi veteran Andy Murray, who became chief marketing officer of Walmart's Asda in the U.K. last year, named Publicis Groupe's Saatchi and Zenith to lead creative and media duties at Asda. Michael Francis Haworth has a longtime relationship with Michael Francis, the former Target chief marketing officer who worked with the agency for years there. Then Mr. Francis brought Haworth on board at Dreamworks Animation during his three-year stint as CMO there, which ended in August 2015, less than five months before he began work as a consultant with Walmart. Haworth, which has offices in Minneapolis and Los Angeles, is "excited to start this new partnership with Walmart," said Haworth CEO Gary Tobey in a statement supplied by Walmart. "We look forward to the ways we'll tell Walmart's story to the world," he said, adding that the retail giant has "tremendous momentum." Walmart has had 10 consecutive quarters of comp-store sales growth, including a 1.2% U.S. gain in the fiscal third quarter, even as some key competitors have struggled of late, including Target, which saw same-store sales decline 0.2% for its fiscal third quarter and flat for the first nine months of the year, and Dollar General, which saw same-store sales decline 0.1% for its most recent quarter. Even Kroger Co., whose top-line growth has been the envy of big supermarket retailers for a decade, saw same-store sales growth rise only 0.1% last quarter amid food price deflation. In this article: Agencies CMO Strategy CPG Entertainment Retail Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 41,171 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 28,585 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 24,036 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 20,777 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 17,672 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 12,669 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Several dead in storms that rocked southern states By Associated Press View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 3, 2017 | 8:35am Modal Trigger People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss. AP More On: thunderstorms 'Hellfire' rains down on Arizona Killer 'thunderstorm asthma' strikes Australia The biggest lightning you've ever seen was nothing compared to this This really happened in Arizona A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss. AP AP AP Crews work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Miss. AP Crews work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Miss. AP Ad Up Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border tax' :0 President-elect Donald Trump is picking on GM for manufacturing cars... 5 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Advertisement Several dead in storms that rocked southern states January 3, 2017 Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Filed under storms ,  thunderstorms ,  tragedy Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border ta... Read Next Trump threatens to slam General Motors with 'big border ta... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now in News 41,239 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,784 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,918 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Now On How To Watch The NFL Playoff Games Online For Free SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon... It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) ‹ Prev 1 of 4 Next › By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ––– Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ––– Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By Associated Press Published: 18:36 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 18:37 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 6:09 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Possible tornado kills 3 in Alabama as storms cross South Raging wildfires in South force evacuations in Tennessee Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Weather Quick Links Radar Webcams Current Conditions Closings Forecast Current Alerts Satellite Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
National & World Ag News Headlines Walmart Slowly Growing E-Commerce Business USAgNet - 01/03/2017 Walmart is making some strides with its e-commerce efforts as sales increase. The company's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com in August will accelerate the push to compete with Amazon. The New York Times says patchy customer service and a brick-and-mortar image are some of the remaining hurdles to the plodding retailers online success. Chief Executive Doug McMillon has made internet sales a priority after earlier efforts to kick-start growth fell flat. The Jet.com founder Marc Lore, who is now Walmart's head of e-commerce, had planned to compete with Amazon on price, but hit a speed bump after Jet was forced to drop its annual membership fee shortly after its start. Jet is already helping bolster sales. Digital revenue jumped 20 percent year-over-year in the three months ended in October, nearly double the 12 percent growth notched in the previous quarter, before Walmart closed the Jet deal. Send this article to a friend Other National Headlines USDA says Corn & Soybean Production Up in 2016 FSA Cooperative Agreements Announced for 46 Partners USDA: Ethanol GHG 43 Percent Lower Than Gasoline House Advances CFTC Reauthorization Bill World Food Prices Drop for Five Consecutive Years Baldwin Sponsors 'DAIRY PRIDE' Act to Combat Dairy Product Substitutes Decline in Natural Gas Prices Copyright © 2017 - USAgNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Posted: Monday, January 2, 2017 11:38 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:08 AM EST (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP). Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Mond... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) South bracing for more severe storms, rain; man dies in Florida Panhandle (w/video) Associated Press Associated Press Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:13am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged At least five people, including one man in Walton County, have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. Related News/Archive U.S. midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way (w/video) 1 Day Ago Winter storm weakens but thousands still without power (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Snow pounds parts of East Coast, spares several big cities (w/video) 1 Week Ago The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." The Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Next Previous Next South bracing for more severe storms, rain; man dies in Florida Panhandle (w/video) 01/03/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 9:14am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Quick Decisions Meant Life or Death in Southeastern Storms By jay reeves, associated press Jan 3, 2017, 6:34 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH Deadly Storms Tear Through the South 0 Shares Email As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Quick Decisions Meant Life or Death in Southeastern Storms " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Central US Ice Storm Falls Short of Dire Forecasts " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 1 min ago ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers. Call it a “Half Mary” from Aaron Rodgers. Rodge… PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday Updated: 1 min ago PASADENA, Calif. (AP) — PBS is launching a round-the-clock children’s channel that will be available on member stations and digital platform… PBS: No ‘red flag’ on funding under Trump, but it’s early Updated: 1 min ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:50 pm Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 23° F Clear Feels Like: 17° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 18° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:06 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 6 mins ago NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Semi Ojeleye scored 21 points and Jarrey Foster added 19 more to lead SMU to an 80-64 win over Tulane on Sunday night. Be… Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 6 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Freshman Josh Okogie scored 27 points to help Georgia Tech beat North Carolina State 86-76 on Sunday night. Quinton Ste… Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:10 pm No. 10 Oregon State women beat Southern Cal 74-60 Updated: 6 mins ago Greenwood, Hayes lead SE Louisiana past McNeese St, 79-75 8:10 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 23° F Clear Hi: 33° F Lo: 21° F Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms JAY REEVES, The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 1:48 am Updated: January 4, 2017, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich’s daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn’t have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. “It was dead center,” Byrd said. “You think, ‘What’s the chance of four people being so close in one area?’ But they were.” Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich’s sister and Blair was Henrich’s daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. “She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell,” Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide “violent” storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Giving Gavin the gift of sound January 11, 2017 Gavin, who will be 3 in February, is nearly blind and would be severely deaf, without new cochlear implants Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 65° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 7 Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Danny Tindell Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By JAY REEVES Associated Press Jan 3, 2017 (…) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Danny Tindell Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Tags General News Weather Forecasts Weather Storms Emergency Management Natural Disasters Government And Politics Accidents And Disasters Tornadoes Property Damage Men's College Basketball College Basketball Basketball Sports College Sports Men's Basketball Men's Sports Locations Alabama Georgia Mississippi Dothan Arkansas Louisiana United States North America Florida Atlantic Ocean Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Videos Featured Businesses US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Capps & Associates PC 170 S Oates St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-678-7994 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 House of Flowers 1728 W Main St, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36301 334-699-1800 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News South bracing for more severe storms, rain Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 3 Weather Alerts 8 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: KOIN 6 Blitz Where We Live Latest Headlines AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Updated: 18 mins ago Former U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that he would announce soon whether he will run for South Korea’s presidency, as he… Man elected by Americans is president they’ll get Updated: 24 mins ago The immense responsibilities of the office and the daunting decisions that await Trump when he takes office Friday have not appeared to chan… Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 38 mins ago Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 18 mins ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 4:36 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 23° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 13° F Wind: SE 9 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 15° F Sunrise: 7:47 AM Sunset: 4:53 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states JEFF AMY, The Associated Press Published: January 2, 2017, 5:37 pm Updated: January 2, 2017, 10:44 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Trending Stories on KOIN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Previous Story A look at changes to House rules Next Story Agency orders TransUnion, Equifax to pay $23M for false ads Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quick decisions meant life… Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms By JEFF AMY January 3, 2017 6:33 pm Share As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich’s daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn’t have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. Free e-book on the state of identity management in government. Download now “It was dead center,” Byrd said. “You think, ‘What’s the chance of four people being so close in one area?’ But they were.” Advertisement Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich’s sister and Blair was Henrich’s daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. “She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell,” Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide “violent” storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Topics: Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Quick decisions meant life… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Government News Previous Story A look at changes to House rules Next Story Agency orders TransUnion, Equifax to pay $23M for false ads Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity World Leaders Push Israel and Trump to Forge a 2-State Deal By ALISSA J. RUBIN, BENOÎT MORENNE and ISABEL KERSHNER 9:02 PM ET Though peace efforts between Israel and the Palestinians seem doomed, world leaders gathered in Paris for a peace conference and signaled that they still longed for a two-state solution. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Once Predatory, Refund Loans Take Friendlier Turn By STACY COWLEY 3:37 PM ET Advances from tax preparation companies now come with no interest and no fees, but consumer watchdogs remain wary. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Style Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » Tax Refund Loans Are Revamped and Resurrected With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue In Davos, Bracing for a Shifting U.S. Stance on Climate Change Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » What (Lots of) Money Can Buy at Trump’s Inauguration One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » Corporations Open the Cash Spigot for Trump’s Inauguration On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Pull Off Another Stunner; Steelers Lead Chiefs On Pro Basketball: Cavaliers-Warriors Rematch Carries Meaning for Past and Future Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Nation & World January 3, 2017 12:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:16 After nearly 50 years in exile, former KC Black Panther leader Pete O'Neal speaks from Africa Pause 1:38 Tailgaters unfazed by weather while waiting for Chiefs-Steelers playoff game 15:59 Facebook Live highlights: Terez A. Paylor and Vahe Gregorian preview Chiefs-Steelers game 2:33 Iconic 'Star Wars' actress Carrie Fisher has died at age 60 0:41 Kansas trooper’s dashcam shows semitrailer losing control on I-70 1:04 Tarp comes off the field at Arrowhead Stadium 3:39 How the AFC West was won: Chiefs had talent, brains, guts and luck 0:59 How fast is Kansas City Chiefs’ Tyreek Hill? 2:45 Chiefs’ Dontari Poe shows off basketball skills with Harlem Globetrotters 42:20 Chiefs 33, Broncos 10: Postgame analysis Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Chilean Navy helicopter pilot shoots video of UFO 10:00 5 days ago Chilean Navy helicopter pilot shoots video of UFO 3:28 6 days ago President Obama's way with words 1:26 16 days ago Canada to America: You're great View more video Nation & World Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals National January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:59 Texting and driving: Amanda Clark's story Pause 2:52 Rubio asks Rex Tillerson if Putin is a war criminal 2:04 Fort Worth funeral home billboards urge drivers not to text 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 1:10 No Snow Days (for runners) 2:17 Heels' Berry talks about win over FSU 2:46 Gottfried: "We have to value the ball a little bit better" 1:15 Durham Police Department incorporates reality-based simulator into training 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 13 hours ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 1:01 13 hours ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 0:28 13 hours ago Sticking it to the DMV, with 5 wheelbarrows of pennies 4:02 5 days ago Obama tearfully thanks Michelle, daughters, and Bidens during farewell address View more video National More and more young troops are facing a ‘devastating’ life without sex Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Rentals Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:10 Body found in industrial park investigated as homicide Pause 1:43 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 1.15 1:29 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 1.14 0:56 Suspicious Envelope Forces Shutdown of Social Security Office in Conway 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:53 Clemson celebrates National Championship over Alabama 2:39 Frank Braddock of Dick's Last Resort in North Myrtle Beach talks Pale Horse, New Years Resolutions, and duct tape | Hot Pour 2:12 Myrtle Beach airport opens staging lot for Uber drivers on Dec.1 1:07 Back up, evaluate is a good first step to swing improvement 1:38 The last of the circus elephants Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Naked woman steals sheriff deputy's truck, leads police on 70-mile chase 2:51 a day ago Naked woman steals sheriff deputy's truck, leads police on 70-mile chase 1:24 3 days ago Obama surprises Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom 0:25 5 days ago Giant sequoia famous for 'drive-thru' hole in trunk topples in California storm View more video National More and more young troops are facing a ‘devastating’ life without sex Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Nation & World January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:00 Wyatt just wants attention and prayers Pause 1:43 Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 0:19 State College's Noah Woods talks about being named All-State in football 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 1:33 James Franklin explains what cost Penn State the Rose Bowl 3:52 Penn State's Cael Sanderson reflects on winning the NCAA Championship 0:50 Penn State hockey fans throw teddy bears on the ice 0:50 The last Cubans to cross freely into the U.S. 1:26 Trump jokes about dad's female supporters 2:19 Superfan man cave is a shrine to Pittsburgh Steelers Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before 3:22 11 days ago Remapping the human mesentery in a way never seen before 1:43 23 days ago Avoid Tanning Beds to Prevent Skin Cancer 1:20 a month ago Cases of carbon monoxide poisoning rise when temperatures drop View more video Nation & World Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Quick end to Cubans’ asylum claim; now they’re hoping for Trump to act Trump team considers relocating White House media corps Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world AP News in Brief at 9:04 p.m. EST Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing four people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. JAY HARE/DOTHAN EAGLE featured Storms kill 4 in south Alabama, damage buildings across Southern states By Jeff Amy Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 0 Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing four people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. JAY HARE/DOTHAN EAGLE A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across Southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Academic Achievers Community Listings Shoals Births Volunteers Local briefs Blotter Briefs 1-14-17 Law and Order 1-15-17 Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Will you host a Super Bowl party this year? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Sign In HeraldNet.com Search Home News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Connect2Classes Classified ads Merchandise Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal Privacy policy Terms of use Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Mon Jan 2nd, 2017 8:34pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Most Read Everett man allegedly threatens 2 with machete EVERETT — An Everett man landed in jail after allegedly striking two… Jan 14th, 2017 by Eric Stevick Seattle Seahawks vs. Atlanta Falcons: Game Day preview Saturday’s game between the Seattle Seahawks (10-5-1) and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5)… Jan 14th, 2017 by Nick Patterson Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Editorial cartoons for Saturday, Jan. 14 Jan 14th, 2017 Flu death toll rises to 8 in Snohomish County EVERETT — This year’s influenza epidemic has now killed eight people in… Jan 14th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Illegal parking lot highlights silt problems in area streams KENMORE — As Eric Adman paddled a canoe into the mouth of… Jan 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Us Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Storms kill four in mobile home, damage buildings across Southern states Storms kill four, damage buildings across Southern states THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Monday, January 2, 2017, 11:56 PM facebook Tweet email THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Monday, January 2, 2017, 11:56 PM A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive. (Ryan Moore/AP) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/AP) Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags: alabama georgia florida mississippi Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. Severe weather system destroys homes in Mississippi, rips skylights from Walmart in Louisiana The Associated Press Posted: Jan 03, 2017 12:08 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 03, 2017 12:08 AM ET People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Monday. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via Associated Press) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Ala., said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County, Ala., on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." Just spoke w/ Houston Co Sheriff Donald Valenza. Confirmed 4 fatalities in one structure in Rehobeth area. Prayers for those impacted today.— @GovernorBentley Destruction at Louisiana Walmart  State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, La., as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 35 metres and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop.' - Jerry Bordelon, fire chief Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storm damage at the Walmart and other businesses in Marksville, Louisiana (Pics ctsy Cindi Duncan) #lawx pic.twitter.com/GmGT05WdQG— @crabblers Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Massive power outages Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via Associated Press) It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 10 centimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 20 centimeres of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Best presidential inauguration performances 3:50 'Trump does not have the moral authority to battle with John Lewis,' says Rev. Jesse Jackson 1:14 Investigators with Diana Swain - Josh Earnest Interview 4:46 Aussie rugby players dress up as Elvis for game 0:58 Most Viewed Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Ringling Bros. closing curtain on namesake circus after 146 years Trump attacks civil rights icon before Martin Luther King Jr. day As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Anti-Trump civil rights demonstrators vow to 'march until hell freezes over' Woman abducted as a baby in Florida found 18 years later Mosul University fully liberated by Iraqi troops Covering Donald Trump White House will 'pose a challenge for the media,' outgoing press secretary says Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss New 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Analysis Future of the oilsands: the good, the bad and the ugly New generation moves to the fore in Liberal cabinet shuffle No charges after cyclist, car standoff video, Ottawa police say Obama talks about Israel, Syria and Trump in his final interview as president As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Remembering Candace Derksen: Family braces for retrial of man accused of her murder Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Video Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Man plunges to bottom of Lake of the Woods in -30 C weather Katy Perry, Scarlett Johansson, Cher among celebs set to join Women's March on Washington Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Grounded tanker freed from Cape Breton shore Ice storm creates slick conditions in central U.S. for 3rd day Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships News Crew Parteners Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Poll Do you own a gun? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. 00000 A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2017 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video and Photo AP Wire Nation and World Northwest Oregon Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Outdoors Babe Ruth Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business and Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for sale Houses for rent Cars Place a classified Advertising Connections Best of Mt.Ashland e-Edition Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition Subscribe Calendar Jobs Housing   Toggle navigation 23° Publications Active Seniors Basin Business Business Directory College Bound Homes, Business & Land Klamath Life Living Well The Nickel TV Week Graduation Motivation Classifieds Business Directory Garage Sale Finder Careers Houses for Sale Houses for Rent Cars Service Directory Place a Classified Advertising Best of Mt.Ashland News Agriculture Business Environment Government News of Record Police Schools Video & Photo Associated Press National Northwest Oregon Outdoors Wildfires Sports Football Picks Athletes of the Month College Community Local Sports Professional AP Sports Obituaries Submit an obituary Forum Submit a letter Editorials Letters Word on the Street Guest Commentary Cartoons Limelighter Calendar TV Listings Multimedia Mt. Ashland Live Cam Klamath Countdown Galleries Videos Breaking The Latest: Catch by Cook sets up winning kick for Packers 1 hr ago (…) Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) × Tired of seeing surveys on articles? If you are a subscriber, simply log in or Subscribe now! Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Story continues below video × The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Forecasts Weather Storms Property Damage Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Disaster Planning And Response Tornadoes Locations Alabama Georgia Mississippi Dothan Arkansas Louisiana Florida United States North America Associated Press Sections Business Entertainment Health Technology World Oregon Politics Science AP Sports Strange National Trending now Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Sledding tragedy Remembering Dr. Van Dyke UPDATE: Dr. Stephanie Van Dyke has died Woman seriously injured in sledding accident High winds predicted for Klamath Basin Crater Lake National Park closed because of heavy snowfall Missing trio found alive at Crater Lake Van Dyke remains in critical condition Risk and Reward Couple returning home after Crater Lake rescue Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Local Survey How well was the snow removal by the city? Klamath Falls usually has to deal with two major snowstorms a year...this year was no different. How do you think the city handles the snow removal? You voted: Well done About average Poorly done No opinion Vote View Results Back Herald and News 2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR 97603 541-885-4410 (Main) 541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints) news@heraldandnews.com About Contact Submissions News Sports Calendar Outdoors Limelighter Multimedia Editorials Special Sections Get in touch with the Herald and News Common Submissions Submit News Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sports Tip Submit an Obituary Add a Calendar Event New or changed business All submissions Circulation Pay a bill Vacation stop/restart Change of address Delivery complaints Advertising Display & Digital Advertising Place a Classified Ad Submit Announcements Aniversaries, Engagements and Weddings Pioneer Newspapers Bozeman Daily Chronicle Idaho Press Tribune Idaho State Journal Skagit Valley Herald Herald Journal Herald and News Standard Journal Daily Record Teton Valley News © Copyright 2017 Herald and News, PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd. Klamath Falls, OR | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com News January 3, 2017 1:07 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. WDAM-TV via AP Ryan Moore Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clanton Advertiser via AP Elijah Baylis Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Butch Dill AP Photo Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. The Clarion-Ledger via AP Elijah Baylis Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Dothan Eagle via AP Jay Hare 1 of 16 i By JEFF AMY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Flowers, tears for shooting victims Pause 1:38 The last of the circus elephants 2:41 Crowds gather outside of Versailles restaurant in Miami to celebrate the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 1:01 Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 2:00 Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about Vance Joseph leaving Fins 1:20 The United States of Powerball 2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio 1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring 1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:39 4 hours ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:11 2 days ago Relatives wait anxiously to see if Cuban loved ones make it into U.S. 1:01 2 days ago Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. View more video News How developers are redesigning Miami, 9 acres at a time Why the circus is leaving town — and never coming back Used toilet paper is dumped in lot, and a city is trying to unravel the mystery ATV rider killed in expressway crash a day before hundreds expected for MLK Day ride CEOs discuss their resolutions for the New Year Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions January 15, 2017 65° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Durden Traffic Cams Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Title: Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Storms Tornadoes Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Power Outages Service Outages Weather Forecasts Floods Property Damage Disaster Planning And Response Locations Louisiana Alabama Norman United States North America Oklahoma Mississippi New Orleans Houston Texas Arkansas Georgia Dothan Florida Popular A frank discussion Dothan photographer faces 186 child porn possession charges Josh Parrish hired as Northview head football coach 25th anniversary of the Troy Trojans basketball team scoring a record-setting 258 points Ex-Elba QB Johnson fulfills dream with Tide Lopez, Melinda Traylor Renaissance Faire coming to Enterprise Dothan man describes Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'That could have been me' Bethel Baptist Church to open private academy in east Dothan Fort Rucker flight training contract could be worth $450 million for CAE USA Videos Featured Businesses US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Capps & Associates PC 170 S Oates St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-678-7994 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 House of Flowers 1728 W Main St, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36301 334-699-1800 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Contests Bridal Extravaganza Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Cowen and Company William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Synthetic Biologics Inc (SYN) Receives Overweight Rating from FBR & Co General Motors Company’s (GM) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) IAC/InterActive (IAC) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Loop Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Facebook, Inc. (FB) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 7,246 Shares of Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Aperio Group LLC Sells 2,561 Shares of Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Stake Cut by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Takes Position in Moelis & Company (MC) Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Position Maintained by Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV Aperio Group LLC Buys Shares of 10,716 Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (AIMC) Position Decreased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ConocoPhillips (COP) Position Decreased by Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC Advisor Group Inc. Boosts Position in Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. (GWR) Macerich Company (The) (MAC) Shares Bought by Advisor Group Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Great Lakes Advisors LLC January 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Great Lakes Advisors LLC reduced its position in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 47.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 32,989 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 29,333 shares during the period. Great Lakes Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $2,379,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1,270.0% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,370 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,270 shares during the last quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at approximately $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.20% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $69.12. 6,889,488 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.10. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $70.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.03 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Great Lakes Advisors LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-great-lakes-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of several research reports. Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 target price for the company in a report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 12th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.30. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 11 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) AP Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 0 Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) Jay Hare Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tags General News Weather Storms Tornadoes Natural Disasters Accidents And Disasters Power Outages Service Outages Weather Forecasts Floods Property Damage Disaster Planning And Response Locations Louisiana Alabama Norman United States North America Oklahoma Mississippi New Orleans Houston Texas Arkansas Georgia Dothan Florida × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Academic Achievers Community Listings Shoals Births Volunteers Local briefs Blotter Briefs 1-14-17 Law and Order 1-15-17 Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Will you host a Super Bowl party this year? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Posted: Monday, January 2, 2017 11:38 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:08 AM EST (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP). Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Mond... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JEFF AMY Associated Press A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial BC News National News World Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Jeff Amy / The Associated Press January 2, 2017 07:30 PM Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) Previous Next Patrick Davenport, left, and neighbor J.P. Kelley look over the scene of Monday's deadly tornado that claimed the lives of multiple people in Rehobeth, Ala., Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017. (Danny Tindell/Dothan Eagle via AP) As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next CNC alumni chef finds success › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Armed Forces member goes from land to sea June 9, 2016 CNC alumni chef finds success January 13, 2017 Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says oilsands 'not going anywhere any time soon' January 13, 2017 Crime spree earns local man time in prison January 13, 2017 The city that forgot hockey January 11, 2017 Trump fallout, elections and paying rent: 3 ways politics touched us this week January 13, 2017 Molester not an 'upstanding' citizen January 12, 2017 Young racer Gairns gains ski cross insight January 13, 2017 Cougars top Hitmen, take three of four on roadtrip January 15, 2017 Local dancer part of ballet show in P.G. January 12, 2017 Weekend wins put T-wolves in playoff picture January 15, 2017 Ross gets his hands on T-wolves' dinner January 15, 2017 Canada claims first-ever gold in team sprint January 15, 2017 Chiefs strike early, trump Kings again January 15, 2017 Cougars top Hitmen, take three of four on roadtrip January 15, 2017 Tabor ski cross course earns rave reviews January 14, 2017 MacDonald, Emaus claim Nor-Am titles January 14, 2017 Living with integrity in a post-truth world January 13, 2017 B.C.'s new children's watchdog looks to reset relationship with gov't January 13, 2017 Political parties a key part of electoral reform question January 13, 2017 Fav TV drama of 2016 POLL It’s awards season. So what was your favourite TV drama of 2016? Game of Thrones Scandal Stranger Things The Crown The Americans The Walking Dead or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Facebook Twitter Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News posted: 1/3/2017 7:00 AM Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Associated Press People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Associated Press Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. Associated Press   By JEFF AMY     A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Advertise With Us Calendar 50° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Light rain. Tonight Cloudy with occasional light rain . Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 9 Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags Storm Meteorology Commerce Mississippi Weather Louisiana National Weather Service Texas Squall Line Transports Tornado Economics Warning Popular This Week Financial struggles to close downtown Winston-Salem restaurant Classes canceled for Tuesday; School year just got longer for Winston-Salem/Forsyth County students and teachers Skippy's Hot Dogs expected to reopen, expand under new owners Winston-Salem police charge teen in pedestrian's death 2 Winston-Salem stores fined for excessive price-scanner errors Piedmont Club may close with owner's planned departure; board tries to find new management Warning: Kerosene, gasoline mix-up discovered at convenience store in Winston-Salem Reboot Arcade Bar to open in downtown Winston-Salem Winston-Salem issues urgent warning about kerosene-gasoline mix-up at convenience store Winston-Salem Police: Two clerks injured in attempted armed robbery Poll What are your expectations after Donald Trump’s inauguration? You voted: My life will get better My life will get worse There will be no change I don't know Vote View Results Back Galleries NC Black Repertory's 2017 Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration Mount Tabor Over North Forsyth 69-43 City Workers Volunteer to Clean up Happy Hill Cemetery Thurmond Street House Fire Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
- The World Login | Register | Subscribe Search Search Stories Search Web Search Classifieds Advanced Search  Privacy About Our Ads Home more QUICK CLICKS: News Police Reports Legals Weather Obituaries Home Delivery Archives RSS Oregon Drift News more News Homepage National/World Police Reports Public Records Legals Weather Business Science / Health Obituaries Archives RSS Sports more Sports Homepage Outdoors National Sports Tide Charts Golf Course Guide Fishing Blog Community more Community Homepage Events Calendar Anniversaries Births Obituaries Cuisine Education Home & Garden Religion Weddings Weird News Entertainment more Entertainment & Arts Local Art Movies Free Games Sudoku Online Forums Opinion more Opinion Homepage Letters to the Editor Editorials Blogs Kudos Cheers & Jeers Blog Multimedia more Multimedia Homepage Photo Slideshows Videos Photo Galleries Special Reports Special Sections Photo Desk Blog Classifieds more Place an Ad Automotive Top Jobs Real Estate Financial Legals Merchandise Notices Rentals Bulletin Board View This Week's Ads Jan 2, 11:29 PM EST A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said By JEFF AMY Associated Press AP Photo/Butch Dill A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. --- Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.   Sponsored by: Current Conditions Marketplace Jobs Cars Homes Top Ads <p></p> Connect with Us RSS Twitter Facebook Mobile Sections Homepage News Sports Community Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Multimedia Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Services Advertise on Our Site Make us your Homepage Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Subscriber services Events Calendar Home Delivery Yellow Pages Online Jobs at The World Online Forms RSS Other Websites Let's Go Relocation Guide Toast the Coast Bandon Visitors Guide Oregon Go Green Special Sections Other Newspapers Bandon Western World The Umpqua Post Coffee Break Search Lee Enterprises A Lee Enterprises subsidiary Other Lee Websites Add to My Yahoo © Copyright , The World, 350 Commercial St. Coos Bay, Oregon | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Four dead after storms and tornadoes wreak havoc across the South  Storm system moving from Texas across the South left four dead in Alabama and a trail of destruction It blew out skylights in a Lousiana Walmart which sent water and glass flying and knocked over truck trailers More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm But the weather did not cancel the Sugar Bowl held in New Orleans as people trudged through water to cheer on their team By Forrest Hanson For Dailymail.com Published: 23:07 EST, 2 January 2017 | Updated: 20:57 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail 61 shares 9 View comments At least four people were killed following severe weather across the Southern United States last night. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. The four dead were in Rehobeth, Alabama near the Florida border.  In a Marksville, Louisiana Walmart, the severe weather blew out skylights which sent water and glass cascading onto shoppers. It also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. Scroll down for video  Violent: A storm ripped across the South today and left a trail of damage in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties Crewmen work to remove downed trees and debris in Covington County, Mississippi A damaged home in Mount Olive, Mississippi following the violent storms today. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Walmart's roof in Marksville, Louisiana State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. And tornadoes continued to threaten southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle after sundown.   Officials in Houston County, Alabama said there was 'major flooding,' ABC reported.   More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm.  The squall line hit Louisiana's Avoyelles Parish just before noon.  Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards.  Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. The destruction at the Marksville store is seen above RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Storm chaser captures dramatic images of America's wildest... Deadly winter storm which has killed at least one... New York governor defends decision to commute sentence of... Share this article Share In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Pictured: Damage in Mount Olive, Mississippi The storms damages farm buildings and homes across Mississippi, Texas and Louisiana. Debris in Mississippi is seen above more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Cheeky monkey! Orangutan slaps man across the face Watch video Man survives suicide attempt after jumping under a train Watch video Hostage to the Devil: The true story of Father Malachi Martin Watch video Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Watch video Truck crashes into journalists reporting on another crash Watch video Horrifying moment jet crashes and explodes at air show Watch video Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Watch video Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon Watch video Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times Watch video Ice carousel in Finland is possibly the coolest thing we've seen Watch video Females simulate sex acts on male colleagues during company event Watch video Russian brute literally throws supposed girlfriend in the TRASH The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. Bordelon said: 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop.' Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday. But needed repairs to a natural gas line may cause a delay. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes.  Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing at least four people in Rehoboth, Alabama While Mississippi saw great damage, there was only a stray report of hail in one county in Arkansas Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. Pictured: Crews removing debris in Covington County, Mississippi In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves.  Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas.  Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1pm Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas.  Rain dance: University of Oklahoma cheerleaders splash in puddles en route to the Sugar Bowl at the Superdome in New Orleans Waterworld: Attendees at the Sugar Bowl trudged through water to cheer on their teams An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than four inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates.  Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday.  Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. And severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi which allowed Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night's Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. But fans - and, to comedic results, Oklahoma cheerleaders - still had to trudge through puddles to get to the Superdome.     Read more: At Least 4 Dead in Alabama Tornado, Officials Say - ABC News 4 killed in Alabama storm identified by coroner - CBS News Share or comment on this article e-mail 61 shares The South is resilient. They have had to be. God bl... by Her Bearness 9 Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● Comments (9) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 15th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Poll Do you agree with the Supreme Court decision that Alberta’s energy regulator has immunity from being sued? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Jeff Amy, The Associated Press on January 2, 2017. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Contact Us Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team 57° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 48° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Rebuilding Gatlinburg Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Former professional wrestler Jimmy “Superfly” Snuka dies at 73 7:58 pm Jimmy “Superfly” Snuka, a former professional wrestler who earlier this month was found not competent to stand trial in the 1983 death of hi… Knoxville remembers Civil Rights leader nearly five decades after his death 6:49 pm People in Knoxville spent the holiday weekend remembering Civil Rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. nearly five decades after his death… Pat Summitt Clinic opens at UT Medical Center in Knoxville 4:15 pm Sneaker collector finds passion project in Kicks 4 Kids 3:30 pm Sevierville police arrest armed robbery suspect 5:34 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 57° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 57° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 5:45 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Habitat For Humanity More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Report It Galleries Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Hollywood Today LIVE Tennessee This Week More About Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings Jobs at WATE On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 57° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 48° F Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Published: January 2, 2017, 10:04 pm Updated: January 2, 2017, 11:40 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) – A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South 20 injured in Athens tornado early Wednesday morning Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Plunging temperatures, powerful winds reach Northeast US Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Knoxville, Inc. A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File Jobs at WATE EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
   Uh oh, looks like there is a problem. It appears your ad blocker is affecting our functionality. To continue reading, simply turn it off and refresh the page. E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates Wheels News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Threat of tornadoes as storms sweep across South January 2, 2017 - National - Tagged: Social media - no comments By JEFF AMY / Associated Press A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. — Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Changing times, tastes killed the circus January 15, 2017 - National, Top Stories - no comments SARASOTA, Fla. – The Big Top is coming down – for good. On Saturday, officials of the company that owns the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus announced that it will close in May, ending a 146-year run. What… Read Post → Outgoing CIA chief warns of Russia threat January 15, 2017 - National - no comments NEW YORK – The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the bitter state of… Read Post → Bald eagles’ resurgence comes at a price January 15, 2017 - National - Tagged: Agriculture, Christmas - no comments PORTLAND, Maine – The resurgence of the bald eagle is one of America’s greatest conservation success stories. They have come back so strong that in some areas, they are interfering with efforts to preserve more jeopardized species, such as loons… Read Post → Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day January 15, 2017 - _Posts, Featured, National, News, Top Stories - Tagged: Arkansas, Confederate, Democratic Party, Martin Luther King, Robert E Lee, Social media - 3 comments LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Every third Monday in January, Arkansas state offices are closed in observance of an unlikely holiday: the shared birthdays of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Only… Read Post → China again rejects Trump’s suggestion to negotiate Taiwan January 15, 2017 - _Posts, National, News, Top Stories, World - Tagged: China, Donald Trump, Social media, Taiwan - no comments BEIJING (AP) — China’s foreign ministry on Sunday again rejected President-elect Donald Trump’s suggestion that he might use American policy on Taiwan as a bargaining chip between the two sides. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said that the “one China” policy… Read Post → NY mayor, celebs due at pre-inauguration Trump demonstration January 14, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Immigration - no comments   NEW YORK (AP) — New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, the Rev. Al Sharpton and celebrities including Mark Ruffalo, Michael Moore and Rosie Perez are planning to rally New Yorkers to stand up to President-elect Donald Trump on the… Read Post → Presidential bash January 14, 2017 - _Posts, National, Top Stories - Tagged: Donald Trump, Mike Pence, Supreme Court Towns: Greater Waterbury, Waterbury CT, Winsted CT - no comments         Who’s going to Washington? Locals like Winsted’s Raymond Rabago, David G. LaPointe, Waterbury’s Rep. Anthony J. D’Amelio, R-71st and area college students are excited to attend Donald Trump’s inauguration. Read about those from the area headed to Washington.  … Read Post → Trump raises over $90M for inauguration January 14, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Police - no comments   WASHINGTON – The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath. That’s it. Dress it up with some hoopla and glitz, though, and pretty soon you’re talking real money. Donald Trump will have it to… Read Post → Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years January 14, 2017 - National - 1 comment   ELLENTON, Fla. (AP) — After 146 years, the curtain is coming down on “The Greatest Show on Earth.” The owner of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus told The Associated Press that the show will close forever… Read Post → SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida January 14, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Social media - no comments LOS ANGELES (AP) — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Saturday, marking the company’s first launch since a fireball engulfed a similar rocket on a Florida launch pad more than four months ago. The two-stage rocket… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Years in Business Latest News Video: Highlights of Green Bay win over Dallas 19 mins ago In thriller, Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys 44 mins ago Changing times, tastes killed the circus 1 hour ago Outgoing CIA chief warns of Russia threat 1 hour ago Bald eagles’ resurgence comes at a price 1 hour ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    Time Out    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    NFL Photo Gallery    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Fantasy football    Goalzone    Golf    High School    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    Top 25 football poll    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       UConn video       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2014    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Would you like to see the Howland-Hughes building be redeveloped? Yes, it has potential No, knock it down View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments johnct on Connecticut women to be in D.C. march johnct on Watertown crosswalk safety discussed philthy on Diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace marshall on Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day marshall on Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 01/14/2017 23-55-59-64-69 PB-13Next Drawing: Wed. Jan. 18Next Jackpot: $135.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $82.5 Mega Millions for 01/13/2017 10-44-58-74-75 MB-11 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. Jan. 17Next Jackpot: $150.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $90.6 Lotto! for 01/13/2017 08-15-21-29-31-44Next Drawing: Tue. Jan. 17Next Jackpot: $2.2 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,792,000 Lucky for Life for 01/12/2017 06-07-10-35-42 LB-09Next Drawing: Mon. Jan. 16 Cash5 for 01/14/2017 06-07-17-25-32 Upcoming Events Jan 15 Sun all-day Blue Waters New Age Fair @ Whiting MIlls Blue Waters New Age Fair @ Whiting MIlls Jan 15 all-day Join us for a unique event featuring new age practitioners, healers, intuitive readers, crystals, and spiritual gifts and art. We are an open and welcoming community. There is something for all walks of life. Admission is free. Jan 17 Tue 2:45 pm Crafternoon @ Whittemore Library Crafternoon @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 2:45 pm – 4:45 pm Ages 3-10. Also, 2:30-4:30 p.m. Jan. 18, ages 10-up; 2:45-4:45 p.m. Jan. 31, ages 3-10. Free. 3:00 pm e-book Assistance @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library e-book Assistance @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library Jan 17 @ 3:00 pm – 4:00 pm Tuesday, January 17, 2017 from 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. Interested in using our FREE e-book and e-audiobook platforms OverDrive and OneClick Digital but don’t know how to get started on your particular device? Have you run into any technical... 3:00 pm e-book Assistance @ Whittemore Library e-book Assistance @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 3:00 pm – 4:00 pm One-on-one assistance, how to get started with e-book and e-audio book platforms the library offers, troubleshoot problems. 4:15 pm Viking the Library Dog @ Whittemore Library Viking the Library Dog @ Whittemore Library Jan 17 @ 4:15 pm – 5:00 pm Viking listens to young readers. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Dynamics, manufacturer of electromagnetic clutches and Inertia Dynamics, manufacturer of electromagnetic clutches and brakes, is currently hiring for multiple positions including assembly and machine operating. Visit www.altramotion.com/careers to apply online. MANUFACTURING MANUFACTURING CLICK BOND Offering competitive pay and benefits at a local company with a global reputation in aerospace. Tool Design Engineer Currently seeking an energetic, career minded person to join our team. The successful candidate will possess the following abilities, skills, and qualifications: Design and develop transfer tooling for U.S. Baird and Waterbury Farrell presses […] Comments Popular Today Week Month All Connecticut lawmakers plan rally to save health care law Connecticut women to be in D.C. march Shopping for tenants Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend Arkansas tries to strip Gen. Lee from Martin Luther King Day Today Week Month All Fire destroys Thomaston home Thomaston Structure Fire Joseph R. Roberge Loving husband, father, grandfather Marie V. Ieronimo Jeanne DiMaria Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Weather January 2, 2017 9:47 pm Updated: January 3, 2017 8:27 am Severe storms leave trail of damage across southern US By Jeff Amy The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the American southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A trip to Wal-Mart on Monday was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. The storm system that moved from Texas across the South left a trail of damage reported in at least 28 Mississippi counties, 15 Louisiana parishes and 15 Texas counties. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi. A threat of tornadoes continued after sundown for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Severe weather exited Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, though, allowing Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma fans to reach Monday night’s Sugar Bowl in New Orleans. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Story continues below More than 50,000 customers in Louisiana and more than 30,000 in Mississippi lost power at the height of the storm, according to utilities. The squall line hit Louisiana’s Avoyelles Parish just before noon. Bunkie Fire Chief Joey Frank says trees fell on three houses in his town, while Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Alabama Florida Panhandle Georgia Louisiana Louisiana storms Mississippi Mississippi storms Texas Texas storms Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Advertise With Us Calendar 50° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Light rain. Tonight Cloudy with occasional light rain . Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts The Sandbox Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 9 Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Associated Press Jan 2, 2017 (…) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Ryan Moore Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) Buy Now Elijah Baylis Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Ala., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clanton Advertiser via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tags Storm Meteorology Commerce Mississippi Weather Louisiana National Weather Service Texas Squall Line Transports Tornado Economics Warning Popular This Week Financial struggles to close downtown Winston-Salem restaurant Classes canceled for Tuesday; School year just got longer for Winston-Salem/Forsyth County students and teachers Skippy's Hot Dogs expected to reopen, expand under new owners Winston-Salem police charge teen in pedestrian's death 2 Winston-Salem stores fined for excessive price-scanner errors Piedmont Club may close with owner's planned departure; board tries to find new management Warning: Kerosene, gasoline mix-up discovered at convenience store in Winston-Salem Reboot Arcade Bar to open in downtown Winston-Salem Winston-Salem issues urgent warning about kerosene-gasoline mix-up at convenience store Winston-Salem Police: Two clerks injured in attempted armed robbery Poll What are your expectations after Donald Trump’s inauguration? You voted: My life will get better My life will get worse There will be no change I don't know Vote View Results Back Galleries NC Black Repertory's 2017 Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration Mount Tabor Over North Forsyth 69-43 City Workers Volunteer to Clean up Happy Hill Cemetery Thurmond Street House Fire Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Opinion Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Opinion Lawrence Wittner: Scandal of retirement pay inequality By Lawrence Wittner Posted: 01/02/17, 8:05 PM EST | Updated: 1 week, 5 days ago # Comments Cato the Elder, a Roman senator and historian, once remarked: “Cessation of work is not accompanied by cessation of expenses.” For centuries, retirees have been aware of this unfortunate fact, which led them to demand and, in many cases, secure old age pensions to help provide financial security during their “golden years.” But as indicated in a recently-released report by the Institute for Policy Studies (IPS), the financial security of retiring corporate CEOs is far, far greater than the financial security of average Americans. According to the extensively researched IPS report, A Tale of Two Retirements, 100 corporate CEOs possess company retirement funds totaling $4.7 billion — an amount equivalent to the entire retirement savings of 41 percent of U.S. families (50 million families, including 116 million Americans). The retirement funds of these 100 CEOs are also equivalent to those of 75 percent of Latino families, of 59 percent of African-American families, of 55 percent of female-headed households, and of 44 percent of white working class households. Indeed, the top 100 CEO nest eggs, if averaged, would generate a $253,088 monthly retirement check to these 100 individuals for the rest of their lives. By contrast, workers who had 401(k) pension plans at the end of 2013 had only enough in these plans to pay them an average monthly benefit of $101. Of course, these were the lucky ones. Among workers 56 to 61 years old, 39 percent had no employer-sponsored retirement plan at all, and would likely depend on Social Security, which pays an average of $1,239 per month, for retirement security. Of course, these are only averages. When one looks at individuals, the contrasts are even starker. Glenn Renwick, the Progressive Insurance Company’s CEO who retired in 2016, receives a monthly retirement check from his company for $1,035,733. Among Walmart’s 1.5 million employees, fewer than two-thirds have a company-sponsored retirement plan and, if they do, it will pay them, on average, only $131 per month. But Walmart’s CEO, Doug McMillon can expect to receive at least $360,000 per month — more than 2,700 times the amount a typical Walmart worker with a 401(k) account can expect. And there’s also CEO David Cote of Honeywell — a company that has locked out its workers from its factories in Green Island, N.Y., and South Bend, Ind., for seven months for rejecting a contract that eliminated workers’ pensions — who receives a monthly retirement check from the company for $908,712. Advertisement Or take the case of John Hammergreen, CEO of the McKesson corporation, a drug wholesaling giant. A few months after Hammergreen arrived at McKesson in 1996, the company froze its employee pension fund, closing it to workers who came there in 1997. Even so, the company launched a lavish Executive Benefit Retirement Account that enriched Hammergreen’s pension with an average of $22,000 a day for the next 20 years. Thus, today he receives a monthly retirement check from the company for $782,339. Things were not always like this. From 1946 to 1980, a combination of union action and government policy led to the expansion of pension benefits for American workers. By 1980, 46 percent of private sector workers were covered by defined benefit pensions. But, in the following decades, declining union strength, corporate attacks on pension funds, and government action resulted in a severe erosion of worker retirement security. By 2011, only 18 percent of private sector workers were covered by defined benefit plans. As demonstrated by the authors of the IPS report, the growth of economic inequality in retirement provisions resulted from rigging things in favor of CEOS through new rules for pensions, taxes, and executive compensation. “Since more than half of compensation is now tied to the company’s stock price,” the authors note, “CEOs have a powerful personal incentive for slashing worker retirement benefits in order to boost the short-term bottom line. Every dollar not spent on employee retiree security is money in the CEO’s pocket.” Although changes in public policy could close the widening pension gap, such changes do not seem likely to occur while a zealously pro-corporate party controls the White House, Congress, and the courts. Indeed, as the authors point out, thanks to the shielding of enormous CEO income in tax-deferred accounts, Fortune 500 CEOs will see very substantial gains in their retirement checks if President Trump succeeds in implementing his plan to slash the top marginal income tax rate. It’s possible that, in the long run, the rising tide of retirement insecurity will spark a revolt challenging the severe economic inequality between corporate CEOs and their American workers. Until then, however, it’s tempting to propose updating Jonathan Swift’s eighteenth century satirical suggestion, made in A Modest Proposal, that poverty among the poor might be alleviated by selling their babies as food for the rich. Perhaps, in twenty-first century America, retirement insecurity might be alleviated by selling elderly workers to the corporate rich, who could use them for the burgers sold by their fast food companies. Dr. Lawrence Wittner, syndicated by PeaceVoice, is Professor of History emeritus at SUNY/Albany. His latest book is a satirical novel about university corporatization and rebellion, What’s Going On at UAardvark? Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Gov. Hutchinson tells state Municipal League: Time to end GIFs, unfunded mandates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Outlook improves for national trucking industry but 4Q concerns remain J.B. Hunt requests arbitration review of revenue sharing agreement with BNSF The Compass Report: State economy strong, pace of growth moderates in some areas Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Year in review: Ranking the Top 10 Northwest Arkansas stories in 2016 BusinessBusiness ServicesCentral ArkansasFort SmithLatest NewsNortheast ArkansasNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff 2 weeks ago 7 views0 0 SHARES Share Tweet Major corporate action, healthcare industry expansion and the pace of home sales were some of the top Northwest Arkansas headline topics during 2016. Following are the top 10 business stories as determined by Talk Business & Politics and the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. • No. 1: Wal-Mart moves The business world buzzes when Wal-Mart Stores makes headlines, and the retailer made plenty in 2016. Most notable was the company’s bolstering of its e-commerce operations by acquiring web retailer Jet.com Inc. for $3.3 billion. In a September blog post announcing completion of the deal, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said the purchase builds on Wal-Mart’s strong e-commerce foundation and is intended to help accelerate growth. The deal was largely praised in the retail industry as a way for Walmart.com to boost its market share against Amazon. As a result of the deal, Jet.com founder and CEO Marc Lore was added to Wal-Mart’s leadership team, serving as executive vice president at Wal-Mart and president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the U.S. In other news, the company announced in April several changes that resulted in its board of directors shrinking from 15 to 12 members. Most notable was that Jim Walton, son of founders Helen and Sam Walton, would not seek re-election to the board. At the June shareholders meeting, Steuart Walton, one of Jim Walton’s three sons, was elected to the board. • No. 2: Tyson transitions Tom Hayes began 2016 as Tyson Foods’ chief commercial officer. Twelve months and two promotions later, he will soon be the global meat company’s new chief executive officer. Tom Hayes, incoming CEO of Tyson Foods Hayes, who was promoted to president in June when the company divided the CEO and president roles, will take the reins as CEO on Jan. 1. He joined Tyson Foods in 2014 as a result of the company’s acquisition of The Hillshire Brands Co. Current CEO Donnie Smith, 57, announced his retirement effective Dec. 31, though he will remain an adviser to the company and its board for three more years. Smith spent 36 years with Tyson Foods and was named CEO in 2009. The transition at the top comes at a time when the company is facing multiple federal class action anti-trust lawsuits. Tyson Foods and 14 other competitors are accused of conspiring to keep broiler supplies low in 2008, 2011 and 2012 in order to drive up chicken prices. The suit was filed in the Northern District of Illinois. Tyson Foods also established a $150 million venture capital fund in 2016 called Tyson New Ventures LLC. The Chicago-based fund’s first investment was a 5% stake announced in October with the startup Beyond Meat, a vegan food product company. Tyson Foods ended its fiscal year with net income of $1.77 billion, a 45% jump over the previous fiscal year. • No. 3: Healthcare happenings It was a big fundraising year locally for Little Rock-based Arkansas Children’s Hospital, which is building a 37-acre hospital campus in Springdale. Numerous organizations made contributions to the effort, starting in May with an $8 million pledge from Wal-Mart Stores and its charitable arm, Walmart Foundation. Numerous companies and individuals followed with seven-figure donations announced throughout the year, and Tyson Foods and the Tyson family pledged $15 million, the largest donation in ACH’s 104-year history. The final beam was signed by hundreds of area residents before it was placed atop the steel structure at the Arkansas Children’s Hospital Northwest during a Sept. 28 ceremony. The project is expected to cost approximately $428 million in construction, technology, equipment and operating expenses over the next five years. In August, ACH officials went public with a $70 million fundraising campaign to help support the project, and has secured about $56 million of that total. Mercy Northwest Arkansas grabbed headlines in April, announcing it will invest $247 million to expand its services throughout Northwest Arkansas, highlighted by construction of a 279,000-square-foot patient tower west of the existing hospital on Interstate 49 in Rogers. In January, Washington Regional Medical System announced a $19 million project to build a 66,000-square-foot healthcare facility. Other healthcare developments this year included the completion of a five-story, 132,800-square-foot Women and Infants Center at Washington Regional Medical Center. • No. 4: Home-buying hotbed A strong economy helped home prices skyrocket, and buyers lined up to purchase a home in Northwest Arkansas in record numbers in 2016. According to data from Eric Harris, agent with Weichert Realtors Downum Group in Springdale, there were 8,933 home sales in Benton and Washington counties through the first 11 months this year. That’s up 16.2% from 7,683 unit sales in the first 11 months of 2015. The sales volume from January through November was a combined $1.91 billion in the two-county area. That’s up 33.5% from a sales volume of $1.43 billion through the first 11 months last year. In fact, the residential activity in the first 11 months of 2016 has easily surpassed totals from all of 2015. Agents sold 8,382 homes last year in the two-county area, with a combined volume of $1.57 billion. New home construction in Northwest Arkansas is also on a record pace. Residential permit value in the area’s four largest – Bentonville, Fayetteville, Rogers and Springdale – through the first 11 months this year totaled $417.65 million, up 16.4% from $358.79 million for the entire year in 2015. • No. 5: Downtown development continues Downtown neighborhoods continued to be a focus of development efforts in 2016, with Walton family groups funding many projects. In Bentonville, the movement continued to spread beyond the square. With $15 million in Walton Family Foundation funding, NorthWest Arkansas Community College added to the city’s Market District by transforming a former Tyson Foods factory into a 28,000-square-foot facility for its culinary school, which will open in January and serve as anchor of the 8th Street Market. Food and entertainment options have been at the forefront of development. For example, a Walton-owned company is building a $2.4 million, six-screen movie theater planned to open early 2017 in Bentonville’s Arts District, and TheatreSquared on Nov. 3 revealed plans for a new 50,000-square-foot venue on Dickson Street in Fayetteville. In Springdale, construction is ongoing for a 44,000-square-foot Tyson Foods office downtown, and the Walton Foundation announced on Nov. 16 plans to help redevelop downtown Springdale’s municipal buildings by donating $3.3 million toward its design through its Northwest Arkansas Design Excellence program. • No. 6: Stadium expansion University of Arkansas officials unveiled plans in January for a $160 million expansion of Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville. The Board of Trustees approved the project in June by an 8-2 vote, but not without objections from board member and former U.S. Sen. David Pryor, who wrote to fellow board members the expansion plan “defies common sense.” Just before the board’s June vote, five former UA board members — including Tyson Foods chairman John Tyson — also publicly opposed the expansion plan through a guest commentary that was published in the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. The expansion will increase capacity from 72,000 to 76,000 and is scheduled to be completed in time for the 2018 football season. The project will be funded entirely by athletic revenues, gifts and bond proceeds from a future $120 million bond issue, according to the UA’s preliminary financing plan. Bonds will be repaid over a 20-year period using athletic revenues generated from the stadium. • No. 7: Walton Arts center re-opens One significant development in downtown Fayetteville this year was the completion of a $23 million, two-year expansion and renovation project at the Walton Arts Center. Walton Arts Center’s leadership said the renovation was sorely needed in order to meet the ever-expanding needs of traveling Broadway shows, which caused the center to make a wide array of adjustments, including using its black-box Starr Theater as storage. The city of Fayetteville rallied behind the effort in 2013 by approving $7 million worth of tax money toward the project, and the Walton Family Foundation, the Walmart Foundation and the Willard & Pat Walker Charitable Foundation were among the major donors that followed. Arts and entertainment options are a major draw for prospective residents, and the Walton Arts Center in the 1990s set the stage for Dickson Street to become an entertainment hotspot, the center’s leadership said. Now, the newly renovated facility will pave the way for the future of the district. • No. 8: Assisted living boom There are 445 licensed beds among nine assisted living facilities in Benton County according to the Arkansas Department of Human Services’ Office of Long Term Care (OLTC). In Rogers, there are five projects totaling nearly $80 million in construction either under construction or proposed that will add 526 new units to the inventory. Two of the projects are freestanding memory care facilities, the first developments in Benton County devoted solely to memory care. The other two properties will offer a full continuum of services for residents — independent living, assisted living and memory care. Developers who spoke with the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal say they aren’t concerned about getting ahead of the demand curve, citing the growth of the NWA metro. In addition, of the new units, nearly 200 will be for memory care. In Arkansas, there are more than 54,000 people aged 65 and above who have Alzheimer’s, and that number is expected to increase by 24%, to 67,000 people, within the next decade. • No. 9: Private and charter schools grow In 2016, there was continued expansion of public charter schools in the region. The Arkansas Board of Education in July approved a new Haas Hall Academy of Fayetteville campus at the Jones Center for Families in Springdale, and in October it approved an additional campus in downtown Rogers. Both campuses of the college-prep secondary school will open in August and could enroll up to 500 students apiece. The historic Lane Hotel will house the Rogers campus, and it is owned by a Walton family entity. The Walton Family Foundation has advocated for charter schools nationwide. On a regional level, adding to the area’s educational offerings is named as one of its top initiatives. Officials also revealed this year the name and location of a new independent school in Bentonville. Thaden School, backed by the Walton Foundation, will be built at the former Benton County Fairgrounds site near downtown Bentonville. The school is named in honor of Bentonville native Iris Louise McPhetridge Thaden (1905-1979), considered one of the greatest aviators of her time. The school will open in the fall of 2017 starting with grades seven and nine and grow incrementally over the next four years to serve students in grades six through 12. • No. 10: Interstate 49 changing J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Metro Appliances & More and Sam’s Furniture have invested more than $45 million into new buildings along Interstate 49 while the corridor itself undergoes a $287.9 million reconstruction. Lowell-based carrier J.B. Hunt is building a six-story, 133,000-square-foot office tower at its corporate headquarters. The $33 million project started in September 2015 and should be completed this spring. Metro has invested $9 million into a 120,000-square-foot building on 6 acres northwest of I-49 and Arkansas Highway 264 in Lowell. Construction might be completed late this year or early 2017. In Springdale, Sam’s opened a 120,000-square-foot store this past spring. With a building permit valued at $2.08 million, C.R. Crawford Construction of Fayetteville built it. Meanwhile, road crews have been widening nearly 26 miles of I-49 to six lanes, from Bentonville to Fayetteville. The $1.8 billion Connecting Arkansas Program, $1.3 billion Interstate Rehabilitation Program and revenue from the state gas tax are funding the projects of the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department. Other major road work underway includes the $100.62 million U.S. Highway 412 bypass project, which was the single-largest contract approved in the highway department’s 103-year history, and a $52.6 million Bella Vista bypass project. Comments comments Previous post Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB Next post Tusk to Tail: The Belk Bowl dumpster fire included moonshine and ‘Sweet Tarts’ Related posts New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas by George Jared - 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise by Steve Brawner - 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Hutchinson: Good things happen when Arkansas Legislature works together Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB HIPAA audits and redacting Can you brand sand? Abolishing the fiscal session and other possible constitutional amendments Latest Popular Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act 2 hours ago Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education 2 hours ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 87 views Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 71 views Forty Under 40: Dr. Steve Whitelaw 67 views Forty Under 40: John Scott 67 views Forty Under 40: Mickey Richardson 66 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Officials: Storms kill 4 in southern Alabama By Associated Press Published: 23:49 EST, 2 January 2017 | Updated: 23:50 EST, 2 January 2017 e-mail JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The Latest on severe weather in the South (all times local): 10 p.m. Emergency officials say four people were killed in southern Alabama when severe storms ripped through the area. Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency, said four people were killed in Rehobeth and structures were damaged in the area. Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the sheriff confirmed the storm-related deaths to him. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County on Monday evening. ___ 5:30 p.m. Severe weather is exiting Louisiana in time for the Sugar Bowl game Monday night between Auburn University and the University of Oklahoma, but thunderstorms and some tornadoes remain a threat in southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and northwest Florida. Those areas remain under a tornado watch until late Monday, as a storm system that began early Monday in Texas keeps pushing eastward. The system knocked out power to more than 80,000 customers in Louisiana and Mississippi at the peak of the storm Monday. Trees were downed or buildings were reported damaged in 18 counties in Mississippi, 15 parishes in Louisiana and 15 counties in Texas. No injuries or deaths have been reported in Louisiana and Mississippi. The National Weather Service hasn't yet determined if any of the damage was caused by tornadoes, although multiple tornado warnings were issued. 4:45 p.m. A storm system moving across the South has blown out skylights in a Wal-Mart in Marksville, Louisiana, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon says the Monday storm also picked up a fireworks stand in front of the store and mangled it, tossing it 30 or 40 yards. Bordelon says no one was injured. People inside the store were evacuated and it was closed afterward. A number of other buildings in Avoyelles (Uh-VOY'-uhls) Parish were damaged, including houses that trees fell through and a building that lost its roof. The National Weather Service has yet to determine whether the wind damage was caused by a tornado. The Marksville damage is just one example from a squall line that knocked out power to tens of thousands Monday, downing trees and damaging structures from Texas through Mississippi. Damage has been reported in 18 counties in Mississippi, 15 parishes in Louisiana and 15 counties in Texas. ___ 12:45 p.m. Severe weather was expected to bring a variety of threats to parts of the Deep South through the night. Thousands of power outages were reported in the New Orleans area, where a tornado watch remained in effect early Monday afternoon. The Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, says 6.9 million people in large parts of Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama are at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area includes several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible, and that a few tornadoes will also be possible. Entergy Louisiana reported that more than 8,000 customers were without power in the Metairie area outside New Orleans. Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon County court Monday, January 2, 2017 Carbon County Judge Joseph J. Matika sentenced several people in county court last month. All had previously pleaded guilty and were ordered to pay court costs and fees. Susan L. Castiglioni, 52, of Weissport, pleaded to a felony count of retail theft for an attempted theft at the Walmart store on Aug. 1. Filed by Mahoning Township police. Matika sentenced her to six months to one day less than 24 months in jail. He also ordered her to perform 75 hours of community service upon release, and imposed zero tolerance for drug or alcohol use. Matika ordered Castiglioni to pay $194.22 in restitution, stay out of Walmart, and undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation. Johnathan Robert Exner, 25, of Lehighton, was arrested for driving under the influence on March 27 by Franklin Township police along Interchange Road following a hit-and-run crash. A test revealed the presence of a controlled substance. He also pleaded to one count of possession of drug paraphernalia. And he pleaded in a second case to unsworn falsification to law enforcement and false identification to law enforcement for an incident on Oct. 11 at the Friendly Food Mart by Lansford police. Police responded to a theft incident. Exner gave police a false name and other identification, later admitting who he really is. On the DUI charge, Matika sentenced Exner to 90 days to six months in jail, with credit for 82 days served, fined him $1,500, ordered him to perform 100 hours of community service, suspended his drivers license, and ordered him to successfully complete Alcohol Highway Safety School. There will be zero tolerance for drug and alcohol use, and Exner must undergo outpatient treatment. Kayla M. Leibowitz, 27, of Coaldale, formerly of Lansford, pleaded guilty in several cases. She pleaded to one count of possession of drug paraphernalia. She was arrested on Feb. 22 by Mahoning Township police. In another case, she pleaded to one count of driving under the influence. She was arrested on Oct. 21, 2015, along Bertsch Street in Lansford by state police at Lehighton. A test showed the presence of a controlled substance. She also pleaded to one count of driving under the influence for an incident on Feb. 24 along Bertsch Street in Lansford. State police at Lehighton filed the charges and indicated a test revealed the presence of a controlled substance, and to one count each of false identification to law enforcement and possession of drug paraphernalia for an incident on April 14 along Berwick Street in Beaver Meadows following a traffic stop. At the stop, she gave her name as Deanna Leibowitz, who is her sister. She said she gave the false identification because her driver’s license was under suspension. Matika sentenced Leibowitz to a total of 72 days to six months in jail, with 14 days credit; followed by one year of probation and 75 hours of community service. He also ordered her to undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation, and to not use any drugs or alcohol. Leibowitz was fined $1,000, and her license was suspended for one year. David R. Merwarth, 22, of Catasauqua, was arrested on March 12 along Interstate 80 in Kidder Township by state police at Fern Ridge. A test showed the presence of a controlled substance. He also pleaded to one count of fleeing or attempting to elude as he failed to immediately stop when troopers attempted a traffic stop for speeding. On the charge of fleeing/eluding, Matika sentenced him to 67 days to 18 months in jail, with 67 days credit; 75 hours of community service; and to undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation, with zero tolerance for drug and alcohol use. On the driving under the influence charge, Matika sentenced Merwarth to 72 hours to six months in jail, to be served at the same time as his sentence for fleeing. He also ordered him to perform 75 hours of community service, suspended his license for one year, and fined him $1,000. Matika ordered Merwarth to undergo intensive drug and alcohol treatment. Erick J. Rivera, 25, of Lake Harmony, pleaded guilty previously in nine cases involving the theft of copper piping between October 2013 to March 2014. Rivera pleaded to five counts of criminal trespass, three counts of receiving stolen property and one count of possession of an instrument of crime. He was charged by Kidder Township police with entering various residences in the Ridgewood Estates and Laurel Woods development and removing copper piping. He would then take the piping to a Hazleton firm where he sold it for cash. Matika sentenced Rivera, who said his drug addiction led him to commit the crimes but he is now clean, to a total of five years of probation and parole, and to pay a total of $13,218. William M. Tworkowsky, 23, of Danielsville, pleaded to four counts of criminal conspiracy and one count of theft. The conspiracy charges are to theft and retail theft. Tworkowsky was charged by Mahoning Township police with incidents at the Lowe’s store along Route 443 between May 10-20. Tworkowsky, with the help of co-defendants, stole various items from the store then attempted to exchange them for cash. Matika sentenced him to a total of three years of probation, 150 hours of community service, and to pay a total of $463 in restitution. He also ordered Tworkowsky to undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation, and not to use drugs or alcohol. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     How To Find Hatchimals In 2017 Posted: Jan 3 2017, 8:18am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     Parents still hunting for Hatchimals can find the hottest holiday toy of 2016 easier in the beginning of 2017. Updated. The Hatchimals are in short supply in the week after the Holidays, but much easier to find than the Nintendo NES Classic. Walmart has been selling Hatchimals online the past days, with several flash sales per day. Don't Miss: Latest Science and Medical Discoveries Walmart sold Hatchimals on Tuesday morning (01/03/17). The Purple Burtle was available for 16 minutes. Walmart is the only store right now selling Hatchimals online at a regular basis. I actually just checked walmart.com as of writing this update and put a Burtle in the basket with no issues. Prices of the Hatchimals have gone up across retailers. Walmart is now charging the regular list price of $59.99. ToysRUs is charging $79.99 for Hatchimals Egg. During the Black Friday season the lowest price of a Hatchimals was $48.88. The $79.99 Hatchimals Pink Egg is in stock at ToysRUs.com as of the time of writing (10:45am ET). The high prices damps the demand for Hatchimals offered by ToysRUs. The prices on the secondary market have come down to about $140 on Amazon.com. To find Hatchimals in stock on Amazon, customers can use the Zoolert or NowInStock trackers. As the demand incredible only browser based notifications work fast enough. Users of the inventory trackers need to keep a browser tab open and enable the audio alert. Alternatively, Hatchimals maker Spinmaster offers the Hatchimals for pre-order. The $79.99 Hatchimals come bundled wtih Toca TV subscription and ship on January 31. Customers can pre-order the Hatchimals on spinmaster.com. About Hatchimals Spin Master basically took a Furby (for those who can remember what that is) and stuck it inside an egg. Hatchimals are "magical creatures" that already interact with your kids inside the egg. Each egg contains one of two interactive Hatchimals. Kids need to take care of the Hatchimal while its still inside until the rainbow eyes appear. That means its time to hatch. Hatchimals can't hatch on their own. Videos of Hatchimals hatching have gone viral on Youtube. Kids want Hatchimals because the saw commercials and the Hatchimals videos of the Youtube toy review kids. Touch is guiding them to peck their way out of the egg. Once outside the egg owners raise the furry Hatchimal through 3 stages, from baby to toddler, to kid. The Hatchimal sings "Hatchy Birthday" each time it enters a new stage. Hatchimals can learn to walk, dance, play games and more. Hatchimals also repeat what you say in its own voice.  There several different kinds of Hatchimals that differ in color and kind of the creatures inside. There are also exclusive editions for stores like Walmart. Available Hatchimals include Hatchimals Draggles Blue/Purple Egg, Hatchimals Draggles Blue/Green Egg, Hatchimals Pengualas Pink Egg, Hatchimals Pengualas Pink/Teal Egg, and Hatchimals Burtle Purple/Teal Egg. More details about Hatchimals. American Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen got a Hatchimals for Christmas. She shared an Instagram holding the Hatchimals egg with the message "We are all pretending this is for Luna." The full photo of Chrissy Teigen showing off her Hatchimals can be viewed at the end of the story. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 10 hours ago, 9:43am CST WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages can be Intercepted 1 day ago, 2:11pm CST $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now 2 days ago, 1:22pm CST The 3D Renders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Have Been Released 2 days ago, 11:31am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 8 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 9 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 10 hours ago, 9:51am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 11 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 13 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 16 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 16 hours ago, 3:41am CST Top Science Stories This Week 17 hours ago, 2:50am CST Instagram Maybe Promoting Hookah Use: Study 21 hours ago, 10:14pm CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Technology News Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 10 hours ago, 9:43am CST WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages can be Intercepted 1 day ago, 2:11pm CST $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now 2 days ago, 1:22pm CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 8 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 9 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
[ Login ]   [ Register ] Home News Commercial Real Estate The Pipeline Residential Real Estate Restaurants Banking/Finance DealFlow Trading Day Retail Startups Marketing & Advertising The Pitch Education Healthcare Law Nonprofits The Herd Breweries The List BizSense Pro Breaking Ground The DeedBook The Docket Foreclosures Moving Day New Licenses The R&D Dept. BizSense Pro Overview BizSense Pro Support Advertise About Us Learn About BizSense Meet the Staff BizSense Events Book a Speaker Internships 50-year old shopping center finally lands a new anchor Burl Rolett March 20, 2014 14 Meadowbrook shopping center on Hopkins Rd. in Chesterfield. (Photo by Burl Rolett.) A retail giant is bringing its smallest concept to Richmond and giving a Southside shopping center a shot in the arm. Walmart has submitted plans to build a Neighborhood Market grocery store at Meadowbrook Shopping Center at Chippenham and Hopkins Road in Chesterfield. It will be Walmart’s first Richmond-area Neighborhood Market and will kick off what the property’s owners see as a “second life” for the 50-year-old Meadowbrook center. “What we’re planning on is revitalizing the storefronts, the sidewalks, the lighting and the parking lots in coordination with what Walmart is doing,” said Teri Pruitt, vice president for Meadowbrook ownership group W.S. Carnes. Pruitt expects Walmart to raze about 30,000 square feet of retail space to make way for Walmart within the next 30 days. Walmart will then build its 42,000-square-foot store at Meadowbrook’s southwest corner, according to a site plan submitted to the Chesterfield County planning commission. Carnes developed Meadowbrook about 50 years ago in conjunction with the nearby Meadowbrook Estates and Meadowbrook Apartments complexes, Pruitt said. The center has been down an anchor since 1999 when supermarket company A&P sold its Meadowbrook grocery store to Food Lion in a package of 30 Virginia stores. With its own supermarket already open at nearby Meadowdale Shopping Center, Food Lion let Meadowbrook’s 25,000-square-foot anchor store go dark over until its lease ran out about seven years later, Pruitt said. “They sort of held the space hostage for quite a while,” she said. Part of the space has been left empty by design, Pruitt said, to leave leasing opportunities in case Meadowbrook landed a new anchor. “We’re hoping with the Walmart coming that it will bring new tenants into the center,” she said. “That usually is what comes with a Walmart.” The Neighborhood Market is a grocery-centered store that on average runs about a fourth of the size of Walmart’s Supercenter model. The retailer has big plans for its smallest concept as last year Walmart announced plans to open more than 200 new Neighborhood Markets over an 18-month span. The Richmond Times-Dispatch first reported Walmart’s plans at Meadowbrook. The move into Richmond also comes as Walmart works on new Supercenter at Reynolds Crossing near the intersection of Glenside Drive and Forest Avenue. The Reynolds Crossing Walmart under construction. (Photo by Burl Rolett.) Pruitt would not comment on what W.S. Carnes plans to spend to update the shopping center and how costs for the new Walmart will be divided between the developer and the retailer. W.S. Carnes has been working to bring Walmart to Meadowbrook on and off since about 2008, Pruitt said, and hired Innsbrook developer Sidney Gunst as a consultant to help lure an anchor tenant about a year ago. Cushman & Wakefield | Thalhimer broker Connie Jordan Nielsen handles leasing at Meadowbrook. She said Walmart’s lease has not yet been finalized, but hopes a new anchor will spur leasing interest for the roughly half-filled shopping center. “It has a lot of space that’s been vacant for a really long time and it really just took the right grocer to get focused on the market,” she said. “And I think we’ve found that.” POSTED IN » Commercial Real Estate, News, Top News About the author: Burl Rolett View all posts by Burl Rolett Burl Rolett was a BizSense reporter who covered commercial real estate. He is now a reporter at our sister site, BusinessDen.com. Please send news tips on commercial real estate to [email protected] . Editor's Picks Relay Foods to return grants following closure Scott’s Addition lures ad agency away from Cary Street Airbnb for outdoorsmen sets sights on capital raise Richmond, NoVa accounting firms merge Most Commented Vet couple’s Goochland buy tops December home sales (10) Former MWV exec gone to the dogs (8) Triangular lots to get new life in Church Hill (6) Hot honey maker off to fiery start (5) UPDATED: Construction underway on controversial Stony Point apartments (5) 14 Comments » Chris Terrell March 20, 2014 at 7:57 am - Reply This is wonderful news for the nearby neighborhoods bordered by Chippenham Parkway, Route 10, Falling Creek Reservoir, and Meadowbrook Country Club. There are about 1000 homes here built mostly by W. S. Carnes ranging from 1500 to 5000 SF and averaging about 2200 by my best guess. For many long years Meadowbrook Plaza has been a blighted shopping center, slowly but surely losing tenants. I live in Meadowbrook Estates and consider it to be an absolute gem of a neighborhood that often gets overlooked because the nearby shopping has been very sub-standard compared to Northern Chesterfield for many long years (on the plus side, I get to work in downtown Richmond in 18 minutes and never touch a highway, chew on that all you folks in Brandermill paying $4.20 every day in tolls…). This is a huge step in the right direction. Thank you Teri for finally landing that anchor tenant we’ve all been hoping for for a very long time now. Truly exciting news, I cannot wait to see what the new shopping center will look like and which retailers will move in after Wal-Mart builds its concept store.. Joan Lyons March 20, 2014 at 8:31 pm - Reply I am very excited to see a Walmart come into our neighborhood. Meadowbrook Shopping Center is in need of revitalizing. It is a wonderful area and I am sure other stores will gladly open there now. Sandra Pleasants March 20, 2014 at 9:58 pm - Reply cool i can not wait.. just what we need . hate to travel up Midlothian trnpk to walmart pharmacy. Karen Lewis March 21, 2014 at 1:50 am - Reply I was 7 years old when A&P opened its doors in Meadowbrook Shopping Center. My mother shopped there and I shopped there as an adult. When I was a child, the area was upper middle class and very nice, with the Meadowbrook Country Club right down the street. It is exciting to see revitalization in this area I have called home for over 50 years. Chris Terrell March 21, 2014 at 8:03 am - Reply Karen, I moved to Meadowbrook Estates in 2008. Attitudes like yours are pretty common amongst the older residents (and Meadowbrook Estates is an older neighborhood, the median age is probably near 60). The funny thing is, it is STILL mostly upper middle class and very nice. Meadowbrook Country Club is alive and well (and boasts the two hottest junior golfers in Richmond in Adam Ball and Lyberty Anderson). I think the whole area I described above suffers from an inferiority complex because of the slow and steady decline of Meadowbrook Plaza and the local schools being near the bottom of the list of the best academic performers in Chesterfield (due mostly to demographics of some adjacent areas). That’s a big reason why I am so excited about the shopping center revitalizing. Karen Lewis March 22, 2014 at 3:28 am - Reply Chris, so sorry that you thought that I had an “attitude”. I was just recalling memories as a child. What I said could be applied today. But you have to admit that Meadowbrook Plaza and Meadowdale Plaza, along with some surrounding areas need perking up. I am sure that your area is just fine. I just remember it when everything was new. That’s all I was saying. I hope the revitalization serves all in the area well. Chris Terrell March 24, 2014 at 8:28 am - Reply Hi Karen, I meant attitude as in disposition, not “giving attitude”. Your sentiments are quite common like I mentioned, no need to apologize for them. Meadowbrook Estates has a very active neighborhood association and I’m sure I speak for the lot when I say we all want revitalization of Meadowbrook Plaza to take hold. Meadowbrook Plaza is blighted, its just that simple, and it drags down the whole area. A new Meadowbrook Plaza is a game changer. Tim Vaughn March 26, 2014 at 4:18 pm - Reply I agree with Chris wholeheartedly. Meadowbrook is such a great neighborhood and I don’t understand why it has been so overlooked. It is a great location convenient to all of Richmond with quality custom built homes. I moved to Meadowbrook West in 2005 from a 1300 Sq Ft house in the Northside to a gorgeous 3300 Sq Ft all brick house (with inground pool!) in Meadowbrook……I thought I had hit the lottery:). I was a little worried because it was so affordable but now I would not live anywhere else. Sure I could afford to pay more…..but why should I when I can get everything for less:) . The houses are large and quality built (not like a lot of the cheap homes they throw up these days) and the neighbors are terrific. I think Meadowbrook suffers from an image issue due to the shopping center /schools ……hopefully this change will help everyone realize what a gem Meadowbrook really is…….best kept secret in Richmond in my opinion! Whit Chenault April 9, 2014 at 11:42 pm - Reply Wow – I lived there from late 60’s through early 80’s. Understand Chris’s comments – Image issue no doubt. Nice to see some improvement. Hard to believe it’s been that long. I really liked living there and “Garland Heights” has changed, but still looks good. Congrats Meadowbrook residents. Hope the lines are better there ;^) cheri dixon April 25, 2014 at 7:18 am - Reply Tim, my parents sold my childhood home around that year with an in ground pool! Wonder if you live in my old home on stornoway. Loved that home and I’m excited about the walmart. I remember A & P turning into SuperFresh for a couple of years but the article didn’t mention that. My sister worked there for a bit in high school and I worked at the Wendy’s in that plaza during high school. Only good memories. Colleen LaClair June 10, 2014 at 4:48 pm - Reply I don’t live in Meadowbrook, but I do live next door, so to speak, in Edgewood. My family moved here two years ago from NoVA so I don’t have the memories that many of you do of this area, but we chose this neighborhood to buy a house because it reminded us of how our own neighborhoods were growing up, in fact, we had an A&P too and seeing the old one here, albeit empty, really made this area feel like home. I am thrilled that we are getting a new store close by. Admittedly, I was hoping for a Trader Joe’s, but anything to make the shopping center and our neighborhoods better is a good thing. Ken Cossaboon October 6, 2014 at 10:14 am - Reply Over the weekend I put a contract on a home in Meadowbrook Estates. This beautiful custom home was built in 1975 and is solid as a rock. My last home was in Goochland and built in 2007. As you walked down the hall and up the stairs you could hear the floor “creak.” It was a beautiful home of about the same size on 3.5 acres, but it is nothing compared to what I am buying in Meadowbrook. This neighborhood is a hidden gem with a great history. I grew up in Midlothian (Salisbury) and it reminds me of the older part of that community. Walmart is an outstanding anchor tennant and will drive both traffic and renewed interest in Meadowbrook Shopping Center. Ric Cole January 6, 2016 at 9:13 pm - Reply I am trying to find a K. Coosaboon that retired from Owens Illinois in 1964. Please reply Teresa Purves December 30, 2016 at 10:20 pm - Reply I grew up in the Meadowbrook area and without doubt the homes built by W.S. Carnes in Meadowbrook Estates and Meadowbrook West in the 60’s and 70’s are far superior to anything being built today. They really don’t built like that anymore. I am glad to see that Walmart grocery has moved into Meadowbrook Plaza giving some new live into this shopping center. I remember this shopping centers old glory days. I eat many a pizza at the Pizza Inn that use to be there. Leave A Response » Click here to cancel reply. Please use your real, full name (first and last) and a valid email address to foster a more civil discussion. Comments without first and last name may not be approved. We encourage active participation in our online community, but we reserve the right to remove any off topic or inappropriate comments. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment    Copyright © 2017 - Richmond BizSense - All Rights Reserved
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home Blogs & Comment There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility Overwhelmed consumers are looking to outsource their consciences to the companies they buy from. But it requires a deeper kind of trust Dec 12, 2016 Bruce Philp   (Chris Hondros/Getty) I’ve never really been a fan of Walmart. I lack the direct experience with the world’s largest retailer to fairly say I don’t like it, but still—a company that has both a taste for hegemony and a reputation (fair or not) for driving profit out of supply chains is something any marketer should be wary of. Walmart is big enough to make the rules for a lot of us. We can admire that, but it’s an uncomfortable feeling (or should be). Even those consumers trundling home in their bargain-stuffed minivans must know, on some level, that all those saved pennies might come at a cost, though Walmart’s results suggest such worries aren’t keeping them up at night. Canada's Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 But the midnight oil has been burning in Walmart’s hometown of Bentonville, Ark., or so it seemed in November, when the company’s CEO, Doug McMillon, announced a startlingly ambitious “road map that will guide the company’s role in society.” With the scope and reach of a political platform, the company publicly declared goals for itself on practically every major social issue it touches, from local sourcing and carbon emissions to ethical recruiting and the treatment of workers in its suppliers’ factories. The social good of all this work justifies itself, if the company pulls it off. But for marketers, this was the money line: Walmart wants to succeed “not just by delivering affordable goods…but [also] with trust-building transparency and actions.” Note the absence of the standard “giving back” rhetoric. This is about being competitive. When a company so dominant draws such a crucial connection between trust and viability, the rest of us ought to pay attention. Much of marketing in recent years has been conducted behind the convenient assumption that the consumer was self-interested, ruthlessly pragmatic and empowered by technology. We imagined that as long as we gave people the best product and the best deal, and were the cleverest about getting our message to them, the marketplace would be its own conscience. But when a company like Walmart takes a public stance this big, you have to believe that assumption, if it were ever true, isn’t anymore. For marketers, the key to making any sense of this lies in understanding what the word “trust” really means today. The way it’s generally employed in social and political discourse, you’d be forgiven for thinking trust is all about credibility and honesty; there’s no question those things ought to be table stakes for doing business, now or ever. But increasingly, trust is providing consumers a functional benefit that we’ve never seen before: It allows people to use brands as surrogates for their own values. Now, trusting a company doesn’t just mean you believe it will never lie to you; it also means you think it believes what you believe and will do what you would do if you could. Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media We should have seen this coming. Pundits have asserted for years that consumers are becoming ever more moralistic in their attitudes toward the things they buy. Though it’s still rarely in evidence at the cash register, most consumers today at least claim to want their purchase decisions to be principled—to not just get the most for their money but to do the least harm to themselves and the world in the process. The problem is that desire has translated into an almost unbearable chore in their already complicated, information-saturated lives, and nobody tolerates cognitive dissonance for long. So, in the brilliant way free markets have of dealing with these things, shoppers are simply uploading their consciences to the companies they buy from. Consumers themselves will vigorously deny such foolishness, of course, but don’t believe it. After all, they’ve always insisted advertising doesn’t work, either. Promising to do the worrying on your customers’ behalf might just become a new competitive edge, and Walmart thinks being an aggressive early adopter will extend its retail dominance. That means principles are no longer fripperies that only organic granola or natural shampoo companies bother with. It might even mean that, at last, doing good really is the way to do well. Four ways CEOs can win back the public's trust MORE ABOUT CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY & MARKETING: Canada’s Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 Marketers need to understand that not all millennials are created equal Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media How small businesses can do branding like the big guys The Fort McMurray fires brought out the best in corporate Canada Four ways CEOs can win back the public’s trust Sometimes, good deeds are great business Jane Goodall on how to get people to hear your message Four ways to make corporate social responsibility more effective Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture Get our daily briefing on innovation, leadership, technology & the economy. Weekdays at 6 AM ET. Learn More » Enter your email to sign up: Easily unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy & Terms of Service shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Deep Dive Get email alerts Four stock picks in an outperforming fund that has only 31 holdings By Philip van Doorn Published: Jan 3, 2017 1:22 p.m. ET Share Bob Burnstine of Fairpointe Capital has doubled the returns of the S&P 500 this year Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Wal-Mart Stores is one of the largest positions held in the Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund. By Philipvan Doorn Investing columnist Fairpointe Capital’s focused equity strategy, which has only 31 holdings in a portfolio that mainly includes private accounts, has doubled the returns of the S&P 500 Index this year. The portfolio was up 19.9% for 2016 (through November), compared with 9.8% for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.18%   Among the best-performing holdings this year are Kennametal Inc. KMT, +1.97% a Pittsburgh-based maker of industrial machinery that has soared 75%; Quanta Services Inc. PWR, +1.42% a Houston-based provider of engineering services for the electric-power, oil and gas infrastructure industries that has increased 73%; and Apache Corp. APA, -0.38% a Houston-based oil and natural gas exploration and production company that’s up 52%. We spoke with Bob Burnstine, president of Fairpointe Capital LLC of Chicago, who is also a fund manager running the firm’s focused equity strategy. He named four stocks, below, that he believes are good values to buy today, despite high valuations in the U.S. stock market. Fairpointe has about $5 billion in assets under management, with roughly $65 million managed in its focused equity strategy, which was launched in August 2011. The firm serves as the manager for the AMG Managers Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund AFPTX, +0.09% which follows precisely the same strategy. “By owning 30 stocks, people are investing in us for our research capabilities, and we are not going to look anything like a benchmark [index].” Bob Burnstine, president of Fairpointe Capital LLC The AMG fund — previously called the Aston/Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund — was established in December 2014, so it doesn’t have much of a track record. But Fairpointe provided total return information for the strategy, through Nov. 30, as verified by Ashland Partners: Total return - 2016 Total return - trailing 12 months Avg. 3-year annual return Avg. 5-year annual return Fairpointe Focused Equity Strategy, net of fees 19.9% 12.5% 6.8% 15.6% Russell 1000 Index RUI, +0.22%   10.0% 8.0% 8.9% 14.5% S&P 500 SPX, +0.18%   9.8% 8.1% 9.1% 14.5% Source: Fairpointe Capital LLC In an interview on Dec. 27, Burnstine called 2015 a “tough year” for his strategy, and said a handful of major tech players were “sort of falsely leading the market to be flat.” Those included Amazon.com AMZN, +0.43% Netflix Inc. NFLX, +3.50%   Facebook Inc. FB, +1.36%  and Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +0.19% which holds Google. Anne Ryan, zrIMAGES Bob Burnstine, president and portfolio manager at Fairpointe Capital LLC. Four stocks recommended by Burnstine The Fairpointe Focused Equity strategy usually holds between 30 and 35 stocks. “We want each stock to have the ability to impact performance,” Burnstine said. “We believe that by owning 30 stocks, people are investing in us for our research capabilities, and we are not going to look anything like a benchmark [index].” Burnstine said a time frame of three to five years is the strategy’s “greatest advantage.” The fund has relatively low turnover of typically six to eight stock “going in and out of the portfolio” each year, he said, while also explaining that the portfolio will be rebalanced as stocks get closer to his target sale prices. Burnstine focuses on stocks that are priced below where he thinks they should be, based on enterprise value, which encompasses his estimate of a company’s earnings power over the next three to five years. Rather than focusing on the stocks that have been the year’s hottest in the portfolio, Burnstine mentioned four that he believes are still excellent buys today: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. HPE, +0.84%  was created in October 2015 when the “old” Hewlett was split into this company and HP Inc. HPQ, -0.14% As you can see in the table below, which lists all of the stocks held in the portfolio as of Nov. 30, Burnstine’s position in HPE is far bigger than the one in HPQ. Shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise closed at $23.74 on Dec. 27, and Burnstine believes the stock “is worth $30” over the next 12 to 18 months. “What [CEO] Meg Whitman has done is tremendous for the company,” he said, because she has “slowly been peeling it apart and unlocking value in the entity.” Following the spinoff of HP Inc., which retained the old HP’s PC and printer businesses, HP Enterprise agreed in May to spin off its enterprise business and merge it with Computer Sciences Corp. CSC, +2.72% and agreed in September to spin off its software business and merge it with Micro Focus International PLC. Following the spin-offs, HP Enterprise will be left with its enterprise servers, storage equipment, networking equipment and technology services units. “HPE is undervalued because there are still people who do not give Whitman credit for what has been done. When you look at it on a price-to-earnings or cash-flow basis, or enterprise-value-to-revenue, the stock is still trading cheaper to peers and cheaper than the market,” Burnstine said. Wal-Mart Take a look at this two-year chart for Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s WMT, -1.24%  stock: “At the beginning of 2015, Wal-Mart was a $90 stock and then it went to $60. It lost a third of its value. Those are big dollars,” Burnstine said. What drew the fund manager to the stock was not only its decline, but management’s change of direction. “They are investing in their stores and investing in their people. They are also investing in their online initiatives,” which include the acquisition of Jet.com in September. Burnstine says the timing of Wal-Mart’s $20 billion share-buyback program, announced in October 2015, was prescient. “I would not have liked it if they announced it at $90 a share, but since they announced it at $60, it’s awesome, because it shows management recognizes the value of the stock,” he said. He emphasized that Wal-Mart was a three- to five-year play on the expected improvement in the appearance of the stores, as well as the greater investment in employees. 21st Century Fox 21st Century Fox Inc. FOXA, +0.74%  was formed in June 2013 when the “old” News Corp. was split into Fox and the “new” News Corp. NWSA, +0.25% which holds the formerly combined company’s publishing businesses, including Dow Jones, which includes the Wall Street Journal and MarketWatch. Burnstine holds both companies in the portfolio, but Fox is its second-largest holding, at 4.7% of assets, while the News Corp. position is much smaller. Burnstine said Fox was trading at a discounted valuation to other media companies, and that he was impressed by the buildup of its regional sports network, and its offer to acquire the 60% of Sky PLC that it doesn’t already own. Discovery Communications According to Burnstine, Discovery Communications Inc. DISCK, +0.64% CEO David Zaslav’s strategy of focusing the company’s various content networks to specific audience demographics will pay off. Such targeting helps Discovery’s networks stick out from the crowd for viewers who have over 100 stations to chose from, which can set up the company “to fight the next battle, including ‘over-the-top’ distribution,” which means distributing content directly to consumers, as Netflix NFLX, +3.50%    does. Burnstine is attracted by Discovery’s forward price-to-earnings ratio of 11.9, based on the consensus 2017 earnings estimate. This compares with a forward P/E of 17.1 for the S&P 500. Fund holdings Here are all 31 equity holdings of the Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund as of Nov. 30: Company Ticker Industry Share of portfolio Total return - 2016, through Dec. 23 Total return - 5 years Kennametal Inc. KMT, +1.97% Industrial Machinery 4.7% 75% -2% 21st Century Fox Inc. Class A FOXA, +0.74% Media Conglomerates 4.7% 6% 90% Carnival Corp. CCL, -0.34%   Cruiselines 4.3% 0% 85% Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. HPE, +0.84% Computer Processing Hardware 4.3% 58% N/A FMC Corp. FMC, -0.03% Agricultural Chemicals 4.3% 48% 38% Teradata Corp. TDC, +0.21% Information Technology Services 4.3% 3% -45% Northern Trust Corp. NTRS, +0.45% Regional Banks 4.2% 27% 149% Discovery Communications Inc. Class C DISCK, +0.64% Media Conglomerates 4.2% 9% 48% Legg Mason Inc. LM, +0.34% Investment Managers 4.0% -19% 40% Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -1.24% Discount Stores 3.9% 17% 33% Baker-Hughes Inc. BHI, -2.40% Oilfield Services/ Equipment 3.7% 44% 41% BP PLC ADR BP, -0.26% Integrated Oil 3.7% 28% 14% Cree Inc. CREE, +0.33% Electronic Components 3.6% 4% 27% Liberty Interactive Corp. QVC Group Series A QVCA, -0.36% Catalog/ Specialty Distribution  3.4% -26% 63% Quanta Services Inc. PWR, +1.42% Engineering and Construction 3.4% 73% 61% Staples Inc. SPLS, -0.86% Specialty Stores 3.4% 3% -21% Varian Medical Systems Inc. VAR, +0.59% Medical Specialties 3.3% 13% 37% Scholastic Corp. SCHL, -0.77% Publishing 3.3% 26% 69% HP Inc. HPQ, -0.14% Computer Processing Hardware 3.1% 33% 49% Fluor Corp. FLR, +1.23% Engineering and Construction 2.9% 16% 13% New Corp. Class A NWSA, +0.25% Publishing 2.7% -9% N/A VMware Inc. Class A VMW, +0.28% Information Technology Services 2.7% 42% -6% Hologic Inc. HOLX, +0.02% Medical Specialties 2.5% 4% 129% AGCO Corp. AGCO, +0.38% Trucks/ Construction/ Farm Machinery 2.3% 30% 42% Transocean Ltd. RIG, -2.27% Contract Drilling 2.3% 23% -53% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, +0.10% Computer Communications 2.2% 17% 91% Unilever PLC ADR UL, -0.26% Household/ Personal Care 2.0% -3% 43% PepsiCo Inc. PEP, -0.28% Beverages: Non-alcoholic 1.8% 8% 83% Apache Corp. APA, -0.38% Oil and Gas Production 1.2% 52% -22% Greif Class A GEF, +1.04% Containers/ Packaging 1.1% 79% 41% Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. LGF.A, -0.18% Movies/ Entertainment 0.5% -19% 227% Sources: Fairpointe Capital LLC, FactSet More from MarketWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Record-Setting Run Obama Addresses His Legacy in Farewell Speech Related Topics Markets U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References SPX +4.20 +0.18% KMT +0.68 +1.97% PWR +0.49 +1.42% APA -0.24 -0.38% AFPTX +0.01 +0.09% RUI +2.77 +0.22% AMZN +3.50 +0.43% NFLX +4.52 +3.50% FB +1.72 +1.36% GOOG +1.52 +0.19% HPE +0.19 +0.84% HPQ -0.02 -0.14% CSC +1.65 +2.72% WMT -0.84 -1.24% FOXA +0.22 +0.74% NWSA +0.03 +0.25% DISCK +0.17 +0.64% CCL -0.18 -0.34% FMC -0.02 -0.03% TDC +0.06 +0.21% NTRS +0.40 +0.45% LM +0.11 +0.34% BHI -1.50 -2.40% BP -0.10 -0.26% CREE +0.09 +0.33% QVCA -0.07 -0.36% SPLS -0.08 -0.86% VAR +0.53 +0.59% SCHL -0.36 -0.77% FLR +0.66 +1.23% VMW +0.23 +0.28% HOLX +0.01 +0.02% AGCO +0.23 +0.38% RIG -0.36 -2.27% CSCO +0.03 +0.10% UL -0.11 -0.26% PEP -0.29 -0.28% GEF +0.56 +1.04% LGF.A -0.05 -0.18% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.41% 30 yr fixed 4.03% 15 yr fixed 3.18% 10 yr fixed 3.08% 30 yr fixed refi 4.07% 15 yr fixed refi 3.19% 5/1 ARM 3.29% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.57% $50K HELOC 4.64% $75K HELOC 4.64% $100K HELOC 4.34% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.54% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.17% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.08% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.75% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.23% MMA $50K+ 0.36% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.35% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.09% 36 Mo Used Car 3.23% 72 Mo New Car 3.44% 60 Mo New Car 3.15% 48 Mo New Car 3.06% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.91% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.16% 11.98% Business 13.39% 13.37% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.61% 14.60% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.35% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.44% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.51% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 18.00% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Philip van Doorn Philip van Doorn covers various investment and industry topics. He has previously worked as a senior analyst at TheStreet.com. He also has experience in community banking and as a credit analyst at the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Kennametal Inc. U.S.: NYSE: KMT $35.24 +0.68 (+1.97%) Volume 957.4K Open $35.20 High $36.12 Low $34.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.27 Market Cap 2.8B Quanta Services Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PWR $34.89 +0.49 (+1.42%) Volume 863.3K Open $34.41 High $35.03 Low $34.41 P/E Ratio 50.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.0B Apache Corp. U.S.: NYSE: APA $62.78 -0.24 (-0.38%) Volume 1.3M Open $62.72 High $63.25 Low $62.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 23.8B AMG Managers Fairpointe Focused Equity Fund;N U.S.: Mutual Funds: AFPTX $10.75 +0.01 (+0.09%) Volume 0 Open $10.75 High $10.75 Low $10.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Russell 1000 Index RssllTk US: RUI 1,262.95 +2.77 (+0.22%) Volume 0 Open 1,260 High 1,265 Low 1,260 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $817.14 +3.50 (+0.43%) Volume 3.7M Open $814.32 High $821.65 Low $811.40 P/E Ratio 187.23 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 388.3B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $133.70 +4.52 (+3.50%) Volume 10.4M Open $131.15 High $133.93 Low $130.58 P/E Ratio 361.35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 57.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $128.34 +1.72 (+1.36%) Volume 24.6M Open $127.49 High $129.27 Low $127.37 P/E Ratio 49.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 370.5B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $807.88 +1.52 (+0.19%) Volume 1.1M Open $807.48 High $811.22 Low $806.69 P/E Ratio 29.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 563.5B Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. U.S.: NYSE: HPE $22.94 +0.19 (+0.84%) Volume 5.7M Open $22.75 High $23.05 Low $22.74 P/E Ratio 12.54 Div Yield 1.13 Market Cap 38.2B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.77 -0.02 (-0.14%) Volume 9.1M Open $14.79 High $14.94 Low $14.69 P/E Ratio 10.4 Div Yield 3.59 Market Cap 25.2B Computer Sciences Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CSC $62.29 +1.65 (+2.72%) Volume 934.9K Open $60.83 High $62.46 Low $60.71 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.9 Market Cap 8.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $67.13 -0.84 (-1.24%) Volume 9.7M Open $67.98 High $68.02 Low $67.08 P/E Ratio 14.59 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 206.3B 21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FOXA $30.03 +0.22 (+0.74%) Volume 5.3M Open $29.77 High $30.09 Low $29.62 P/E Ratio 19.76 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 55.1B News Corp Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: NWSA $12.05 +0.03 (+0.25%) Volume 1.5M Open $12.01 High $12.10 Low $11.93 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.66 Market Cap 7.1B Discovery Communications Inc. Series C U.S.: Nasdaq: DISCK $26.82 +0.17 (+0.64%) Volume 1.6M Open $26.75 High $26.92 Low $26.54 P/E Ratio 15.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Netflix Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: NFLX $133.70 +4.52 (+3.50%) Volume 10.4M Open $131.15 High $133.93 Low $130.58 P/E Ratio 361.35 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 57.4B Kennametal Inc. U.S.: NYSE: KMT $35.24 +0.68 (+1.97%) Volume 957.4K Open $35.20 High $36.12 Low $34.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.27 Market Cap 2.8B 21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FOXA $30.03 +0.22 (+0.74%) Volume 5.3M Open $29.77 High $30.09 Low $29.62 P/E Ratio 19.76 Div Yield 1.2 Market Cap 55.1B Carnival Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CCL $53.46 -0.18 (-0.34%) Volume 1.9M Open $53.47 High $53.75 Low $53.19 P/E Ratio 14.29 Div Yield 2.62 Market Cap 28.7B Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. U.S.: NYSE: HPE $22.94 +0.19 (+0.84%) Volume 5.7M Open $22.75 High $23.05 Low $22.74 P/E Ratio 12.54 Div Yield 1.13 Market Cap 38.2B FMC Corp. U.S.: NYSE: FMC $59.27 -0.02 (-0.03%) Volume 746.9K Open $59.36 High $59.55 Low $59.10 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.11 Market Cap 7.9B Teradata Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TDC $28.51 +0.06 (+0.21%) Volume 624.4K Open $28.45 High $28.66 Low $28.44 P/E Ratio 35.2 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.7B Northern Trust Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: NTRS $90.19 +0.40 (+0.45%) Volume 812.1K Open $90.15 High $91.14 Low $89.91 P/E Ratio 21.63 Div Yield 1.69 Market Cap 20.4B Discovery Communications Inc. Series C U.S.: Nasdaq: DISCK $26.82 +0.17 (+0.64%) Volume 1.6M Open $26.75 High $26.92 Low $26.54 P/E Ratio 15.07 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 10.6B Legg Mason Inc. U.S.: NYSE: LM $32.25 +0.11 (+0.34%) Volume 1.6M Open $32.41 High $32.80 Low $32.19 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.73 Market Cap 3.3B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $67.13 -0.84 (-1.24%) Volume 9.7M Open $67.98 High $68.02 Low $67.08 P/E Ratio 14.59 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 206.3B Baker Hughes Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BHI $60.92 -1.50 (-2.40%) Volume 2.7M Open $62.21 High $62.34 Low $60.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 25.8B BP PLC ADR U.S.: NYSE: BP $37.66 -0.10 (-0.26%) Volume 3.8M Open $37.82 High $37.86 Low $37.56 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 6.37 Market Cap 122.8B Cree Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CREE $27.59 +0.09 (+0.33%) Volume 780.3K Open $27.50 High $27.88 Low $27.07 P/E Ratio 743.67 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.8B Liberty Interactive Corp. QVC Group Series A U.S.: Nasdaq: QVCA $19.18 -0.07 (-0.36%) Volume 3.0M Open $19.29 High $19.40 Low $19.06 P/E Ratio 10.01 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 12.4B Quanta Services Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PWR $34.89 +0.49 (+1.42%) Volume 863.3K Open $34.41 High $35.03 Low $34.41 P/E Ratio 50.88 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.0B Staples Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SPLS $9.17 -0.08 (-0.86%) Volume 3.1M Open $9.27 High $9.38 Low $9.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 5.23 Market Cap 6.0B Varian Medical Systems Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VAR $90.68 +0.53 (+0.59%) Volume 591.8K Open $90.48 High $91.13 Low $90.01 P/E Ratio 21.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 8.5B Scholastic Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: SCHL $46.23 -0.36 (-0.77%) Volume 215.8K Open $46.74 High $46.98 Low $46.19 P/E Ratio 29.36 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 1.6B HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.77 -0.02 (-0.14%) Volume 9.1M Open $14.79 High $14.94 Low $14.69 P/E Ratio 10.4 Div Yield 3.59 Market Cap 25.2B Fluor Corp. U.S.: NYSE: FLR $54.22 +0.66 (+1.23%) Volume 1.3M Open $53.53 High $54.35 Low $53.37 P/E Ratio 47.98 Div Yield 1.55 Market Cap 7.6B News Corp Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: NWSA $12.05 +0.03 (+0.25%) Volume 1.5M Open $12.01 High $12.10 Low $11.93 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.66 Market Cap 7.1B VMware Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VMW $82.01 +0.23 (+0.28%) Volume 1.1M Open $81.54 High $82.38 Low $81.48 P/E Ratio 31.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 33.8B Hologic Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: HOLX $40.18 +0.01 (+0.02%) Volume 1.2M Open $40.17 High $40.45 Low $40.09 P/E Ratio 34.64 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 11.2B AGCO Corp. U.S.: NYSE: AGCO $60.88 +0.23 (+0.38%) Volume 593.5K Open $60.89 High $61.47 Low $60.65 P/E Ratio 31.54 Div Yield 0.85 Market Cap 4.9B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $15.48 -0.36 (-2.27%) Volume 8.2M Open $15.79 High $15.95 Low $15.46 P/E Ratio 4.94 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.1B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $30.07 +0.03 (+0.10%) Volume 15.4M Open $30.10 High $30.22 Low $30.01 P/E Ratio 14.32 Div Yield 3.46 Market Cap 150.9B Unilever PLC ADR U.S.: NYSE: UL $41.46 -0.11 (-0.26%) Volume 1.3M Open $41.44 High $41.61 Low $41.22 P/E Ratio 21.68 Div Yield 3.42 Market Cap 52.9B PepsiCo Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PEP $101.55 -0.29 (-0.28%) Volume 3.4M Open $101.88 High $102.11 Low $101.22 P/E Ratio 22.27 Div Yield 2.96 Market Cap 145.6B Apache Corp. U.S.: NYSE: APA $62.78 -0.24 (-0.38%) Volume 1.3M Open $62.72 High $63.25 Low $62.36 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.59 Market Cap 23.8B Greif Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: GEF $54.36 +0.56 (+1.04%) Volume 148.2K Open $54.11 High $54.68 Low $53.70 P/E Ratio 42.76 Div Yield 3.09 Market Cap 2.9B Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: LGF.A $28.05 -0.05 (-0.18%) Volume 615.8K Open $27.98 High $28.40 Low $27.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 5.8B LatestNews
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Richmond: Three suspected gang members charged… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead MLK Day events Bay Area inauguration events Most-wanted arrest More rain next week Band’s free-speech fight News Crime & Courts Richmond: Three suspected gang members charged in Walmart shooting Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Nate Gartrell | ngartrell@bayareanewsgroup.com | PUBLISHED: January 3, 2017 at 6:41 pm | UPDATED: January 3, 2017 at 6:59 pm RICHMOND — Three suspected members of a street gang were charged with attempted murder last week in connection with a December shooting at a local Walmart, police said. Matthew Britt, 22, Michael Amos, 23, and Deontae Pride, 21, were charged with attempted murder, according to Contra Costa prosecutors. The charges carry enhancements for allegedly using a firearm and being members of a gang, which could add years to their sentences if they are convicted. Richmond police say the charges stem from a Dec. 26 shooting near Hilltop Mall. The incident began around 10:45 a.m., with an argument between the three defendants and a 21-year-old man that started inside a Walmart at the mall, police said. The 21-year-old man ran outside the store and into his car, but the defendants followed and shot at him, police said. Despite being struck by gunfire, the man was able to drive himself to a hospital and was treated for nonfatal wounds, police said. Three days later, Britt, Amos, and Pride were identified as suspects and arrested. Richmond police Lt. Felix Tan would not comment on the suspected motive, but said the shooting was “targeted.” “These subjects all knew each other,” Tan said. “This was not a random shooting.”   Tags:  shooting Nate Gartrell Nate Gartrell covers crime, politics, and corruption in Contra Costa County. He joined the Bay Area News Group in 2014. Outside of journalism, he doesn't do much. He aspires to visit all 30 Major League Baseball stadiums. Reach him at 925-779-7174. Follow Nate Gartrell @NateGartrell Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Rowdy teens at ‘The Bye, Bye Man’ prompt East Bay movie theater call to police Castro Valley woman, 19, escapes from creek after crash that killed friend Kawakami: Stephen Curry sees no reason to leave the Warriors this summer Oakley: Suspect detained in woman’s stabbing Heavy rains set Bay Area up for spectacular spring Bay Area Trump supporters head to inauguration to welcome president-elect California vs. Trump: What’s at stake for the Golden State? Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat More in Crime & Courts Contra Costa County deputy jailed, fired in reported shooting January 15, 2017, 6:11 pm In a statement Sunday afternoon, Contra Costa sheriff’s spokesman Jimmy Lee said the sheriff’s office was aware of the incident and took it seriously. Emeryville: Shooting near Bay Street Mall injures two January 15, 2017, 2:05 pm Two people were shot Saturday night near a popular mall in Emeryville. Kensington board moves to split police chief and general manager duties January 15, 2017, 7:10 am The move would allow the chief to concentrate on the district’s police officers and enable trustees to hire a general manager to focus on fiscal matters. Tri-Valley police logs: Assaults, grand thefts reported January 15, 2017, 6:00 am The following excerpts were taken from area police logs: DANVILLE Thursday, Jan. 5 Identity Thefts: 11:41 a.m., 300 block of Fontaine Court, 2:33 a.m., 3400 block of Camino Tassajara. Stolen Vehicle: 12:50 p.m., 100 block of Santa Clara Drive. Friday, Jan. 6 Identity Theft: 10:42 a.m., 800 block of Contada Circle. Vehicle Burglaries: 10:56 a.m., 700 block of Park Hill... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Tomball PD: Suspect charged with murder after Walmart attack in custody The Tomball Police Department is looking for a man charged with murder after a physical altercation with an "acquaintance" early Monday morning in Walmart. The victim later died from his injuries. KHOU.com , KHOU 10:28 PM. CST January 04, 2017 Photo of Michael Brandon Jemison. (Photo: Tomball Police Department) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST TOMBALL, Texas- The Tomball Police Department has 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison in police custody. The suspect was charged with murder for hitting and killing  an "acquaintance" early Monday morning in Walmart.  According to police, the incident happened around 1 a.m. at the Walmart located on 27650 SH 249 in Tomball. The victim, Justin Jones, was inside the store with the suspect when an altercation broke out.  The suspect, identified as 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison, struck Jones with his motorcyle helmet and knocked him unconscious. Jemison immediately left the store.   The victim was taken to the hospital and died later that afternoon.  Investigators said that Jemison and Jones knew each other, and they'd been having a dispute for a long time. A mugshot of Michael Brandon Jemison.      (© 2017 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Woman killed in car crash, 6 injured Fatal accident shuts down Southwest Fwy at Westpark Teacher gets 10 years for sleeping with student Texans' season ends with loss to Patriots 34-16 Houston forecast for Sunday Truck catches fire at gas pump in Fort Bend Co. RodeoHouston announces 2017 concert lineup Deputies shoot at driver who wouldn't stop Improvements at NRG Stadium ahead of big game Bus driver saves kids from burning bus More Stories Packers topple Cowboys to advance to NFC Championship Game Jan 15, 2017, 7:33 p.m. 27k runners compete in Chevron Houston marathon Jan 15, 2017, 7:46 p.m. HPD: 19-year-old killed in shooting outside event hall Jan 15, 2017, 7:45 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Two Cents | Consumer News Winn-Dixie: Low-price strategy succeeding, CEO says A Winn-Dixie store in Apopka Ricardo Ramirez Buxeda/Orlando Sentinel Ricardo Ramirez Buxeda/Orlando Sentinel Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Will a low-price plan win for Winn-Dixie: Struggling supermarket still trying to reinvent itself Winn-Dixie supermarkets won't give up on its 16-month-old low-price strategy, even with heat from cost-cutting competitors. The Jacksonville-based grocery chain is trying to reinvent itself since hiring CEO Ian McLeod in 2015, positioning itself as the low-priced supermarket to compete against market leader Publix. Winn-Dixie is still the third largest grocer in the market, but its share has been falling in recent years, according to supermarket tracker The Shelby Report. Publix is the biggest grocer in the market and Wal-Mart is second. "Ultimately the customers have a choice of where to shop," McLeod said. "We wanted to make sure we offered the most competitive prices, the products customers were buying on a regular basis." Caption Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. Caption Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. The company said it has expanded its U.S. workforce by more than 150,000 people in the last five years. Caption Bar, restaurant owners turn to crowdfunding to save businesses - Orlando News Now Crowdfunding website Gofundme has been used to raise more than $7 million for Pulse victims, pay for hospital bills and fund Eagle Scout projects. Crowdfunding website Gofundme has been used to raise more than $7 million for Pulse victims, pay for hospital bills and fund Eagle Scout projects. Caption Honest Co. recalls organic baby powder over infection concerns Consumer products maker Honest Co. is recalling organic baby powder sold in the U.S. because it may cause skin or eye infections. (Jan. 12, 2017) Consumer products maker Honest Co. is recalling organic baby powder sold in the U.S. because it may cause skin or eye infections. (Jan. 12, 2017) Caption Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks, closing all the retailers inside, including the small shops and anchor retailers such as the Gods & Monsters comic book shop. Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks, closing all the retailers inside, including the small shops and anchor retailers such as the Gods & Monsters comic book shop. Caption Artegon Marketplace will close in two weeks - Orlando News Now Artegon Marketplace owner Lightstone Group put the mall on the market in August, as interest in the North International Drive area grows with a new Interstate 4 overpass in the works. Lightstone Group has not confirmed the closure yet. Artegon Marketplace owner Lightstone Group put the mall on the market in August, as interest in the North International Drive area grows with a new Interstate 4 overpass in the works. Lightstone Group has not confirmed the closure yet. In late 2015, the retailer dropped prices on 400 common items such as bread, chicken breast and sugar. Then it cut prices on more items a few months later. McLeod also said the company wouldn't be cutting its regular weekly circular sales either. Instead, the company is trying to win back customers and relying on more sales to make up the difference in lower prices. So far that strategy is succeeding, McLeod said. The Central Florida grocery market has grown increasingly crowded in the last year from growth by discount brand Aldi and niche stores such as Lucky's Market. Lucky's focuses on low-priced organic and fresh produce, meats and bulk foods. Other competitors are adding convenience, such as drive-through pickup lanes at some Wal-Mart and doorstep delivery from Amazon Prime Now. Winn-Dixie's is in a tough position trying to offer a full grocery selection at discount prices, said Steve Kirn, a lecturer at the University of Florida who studies retail. "The middle is always the hard place to be because there are fewer people in the middle," Kirn said. "And people are also shopping the discount stores and then going to the high-end stores for certain products." Winn-Dixie's parent company, Southeastern Grocers, has been trimming its footprint in some markets and services, such as closing several drug stores in Central Florida and even shuttering a store in September on University Boulevard and Goldenrod Road. "There have been a limited number of stores that closed, but we've remodeled more stores than have actually closed," McLeod said. McLeod said the company is focused on growing in high-income areas such as Heathrow and areas with high Hispanic or African-American populations. Winn-Dixie flipped a few stores last year in South Florida into a new concept called Fresco y Mas, rebranding itself as a Hispanic market. In December it finished a remodel of a store in Tampa it hopes to use as the blueprint for other stores, with bright clean features and modern decor. Those "flagship" remodels, he said, also have a broader assortment of goods to cater to high-income markets. "We have the benefit of operating stores across income spectrums," he said. "So we can look at each store to make sure we offer items that people want in those areas." karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Central Florida restaurants that have failed health inspections Pictures: Made or invented in Florida Open for business: Orlando-area retail and restaurant openings All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
null
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 34° 34° Low 26° High 38° Mon 31° 49° Tue 47° 55° Wed 35° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Indianapolis Walmart employee charged with battery after allegedly attacking customer Posted 5:05 pm, January 3, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – A Walmart employee in Indianapolis has been charged with battery after police say she attacked a customer on New Year’s Eve. Officers were called to the disturbance at the store in the 5800 block of W 10th Street around 5:26 p.m. When they arrived, they spoke with the victim, who said 23-year-old Michael-Candice Ingram grabbed her by her hair and punched her in the back of her head with her fist. The victim says the confrontation started when she asked Ingram to put a “money gram” in her last name instead of a reference number. When Ingram couldn’t do that, the victim says she became upset and called Ingram a profanity and attempted to walk away. That’s when the alleged battery began. Ingram’s manager broke up the altercation and brought her to a back room. Ingram was later placed under arrest and transported to the APC, where she was charged with 1 count of battery resulting in bodily injury, a class A misdemeanor. Filed in: Crime, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Man brings 300,000 pennies to Virginia DMV to ‘inconvenience’ the state Impatient driver gets dose of instant karma in road rage video Police: Woman tried to smuggle pills into jail by wrapping them in condoms, concealing them in privates Johnson County teen charged with drug dealing after accidentally texting police officer Latest News Hoosiers protest repeal of Affordable Care Act while Vice President-elect promises swift replacement Showers Sunday evening; Fog develops Monday with warmer temperatures Murder victims to be honored with free lunch on MLK Day Struggling from distance, Hoosiers turn to defense in win Crime News Workers at Indianapolis day care charged with neglect after 1-year-old injured Crime National & World News Woman held in room, beaten for hours saved after nurse visits home News Greenwood woman escapes attacker by biting his scrotum, police say News Victim of brutal attack says ex-boyfriend tried to rip her tongue out Crime News 15-year-old charged in Mitchell double shooting Crime News Court docs: No sign of physical struggle before woman fatally shot ex-husband News Ohio man arrested after allegedly molesting Shelbyville teen in hotel room Crime News Former Zionsville gymnastics coach charged with child molesting, battery News Woman dies after being struck while crossing street with husband on north side Crime News Man faces sexual battery charge after party at Ball State fraternity house News Mother gives birth in Walmart checkout line – after paying for merchandise National & World News Woman in disbelief after receiving ‘F*** you’ message from Expedia News Two men arrested in Westfield homicide case Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartphones Review Acer Liquid Jade Primo: A Windows Phone for .... Who Exactly? by Mike Prospero Jan 3, 2017, 12:06 PM Acer Liquid Jade Primo The good Good Interface Bright display Includes dock, keyboard and mouse The bad Limited app selection Laggy graphics Doesn't come with USB charging cable, charger No support for quick charging Verdict A bright display and Windows Continuum support make the Liquid Jade Primo an affordable option for Windows phone fans, but there's not enough here to attract Android or iOS switchers. 6/10 Worth considering $299.99 Microsoft The Windows smartphone platform continues to limp along, popping its head up every few months with a new model. A recent addition to that mix is the Acer Liquid Jade Primo, a thoroughly midrange device that, via Continuum, promises you PC-like productivity. Available exclusively at Walmart and Microsoft stores, the unlocked smartphone comes with a dock, keyboard and mouse — all for $499. It's a decent enough phone if you want more Windows in your mobile life, but there's not enough to the Jade Primo to convince Android or iOS users to switch platforms. Design: Pretty Good for a Midrange Model While not as premium as the latest and greatest from Apple and Samsung, the Jade Primo is an attractive smartphone. I liked the chrome trim around the front of the device, and the fake metallic brush strokes on its curved back helped me forget that Acer's phone is made of plastic. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideAt 5.3 ounces, the Jade Primo is lighter than the 6.84-ounce HP Elite x3, another Windows phone that targets users who are looking for a phone-sized PC replacement. The 6.2 x 3.0 x 0.33-inch Jade Primo is also more compact than HP's phone. On the back of the Jade Primo, there's a large camera up top, while the bottom features a circular, chrome-trimmed speaker grille that made the Jade Primo look like it had a belly button. The speaker on the front of the phone — a smaller, circular grille — also detracted from the look of the Primo's face. MORE: Best Smartphones on the Market Now Strangely, the Primo's power button is located below the volume rocker; I kept turning off the screen by accident when I meant to lower the volume. There's a reason for this odd placement: There are two slots above the volume buttons that hold a SIM card and a microSD card. The Primo is only compatible with GSM carriers. Continuum: The Jade Primo's Prime Feature The primary reason you'd want to get the Primo is for its support for Continuum, Microsoft's attempt to deliver a desktop-like experience when you’re using your phone. And, while a smartphone like the Primo will be fine in a pinch and cheaper than the HP Elite x3 (which now costs $700), this device is not going to replace a real PC. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideFor starters, there's no way for you to have multiple windows open side by side. Every app you open takes up the full display, and there's no way to shrink the app, except to minimize it completely. What's more, standard desktop apps won't necessarily work in the Continuum mode — they'll need to be built in the Universal Windows Platform, which is Microsoft's application development architecture. The platform is designed to guarantee feature parity and continuity of user experience across any device that runs Windows 10. As I used Continuum on the Jade Primo, I did like the Notifications tab on the bottom right. Press this tab, and you can see (and respond to) messages from installed apps, and you can also adjust settings here. Not surprisingly, Microsoft Office apps felt the most complete, even if they were stripped-down versions of the bona fide desktop apps. When I played Asphalt Xtreme, the Jade Primo froze for a split second a few times during each race, as the processor tried to catch up. As noted above, not every app you install on the Primo will work in Continuum. For example, both Flipboard and Netflix would not work in this mode (incompatible apps are grayed out in the app menu). Facebook's apps (Facebook and Facebook Messenger) are both in beta, and have a lot of wasted space. The Primo comes with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse — Acer is thoughtful enough to include batteries for both — as well as a dock, which has three USB ports (one is USB 2.0) and an HDMI port. The Primo slides into the dock and connects via a USB Type-C port that's nestled inside. MORE: Best Cheap Unlocked Smartphones Both the keyboard and mouse were comfortable enough, but since the mouse is designed for both right- and left-handed users, I (being right-handed) thought that the divot on the right side of the mouse was too deep. The keyboard's keys were a bit mushy, but they have good travel, and I was able to average about 51 words per minute on a typing test. That's about 10 or so wpm slower than my average. Software: A Good Use of Windows 10 I've always liked the look of Windows 10 on smartphones; its live-tile interface is a refreshing change from the icon-centric Android and iOS operating systems, and I appreciated that the updates from various apps appeared right on the home screen. Also nice is a drop-down settings menu that's customizable; iOS' Control Center doesn't have any flexibility. The Search button in the bottom bar that lets you quickly look up things not just on the web, but also on the phone itself, is another winning touch. Central to Windows 10, both on PCs and phones, is Cortana, Microsoft's voice assistant. It's fairly robust, and it lets you do everything from looking up sports scores and weather to sending texts, emails and Facebook updates. As has always been the case, however, Windows is still playing catch-up when it comes to apps. There are no native Google apps (YouTube, Gmail, etc.), Snapchat and Bitmoji are missing, and I found only a couple Star Wars games. However, I did find Uber, Netflix, Hulu Plus, Instagram, Pandora, WhatsApp and Facebook. Display and Performance: Good Enough The Primo's 1080p, 5.5-inch AMOLED display is pleasingly bright and colorful. National Geographic photos popped, as did the Rogue One: A Star Wars Story trailer — I especially liked that the vastness of space was pitch-black on the Primo's screen, as it should be. However, the Lumia 950, which has a smaller 5.2-inch screen, has a much higher resolution of 2560 x 1440. That's the same resolution that the 5.96-inch HP Elite x3 offers. At 347 nits, the Primo's screen is on a par with the LG G5 and last year's Nexus 6P, though it's far below such standouts as the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge (530). The Lumia 950, another Windows phone, was also brighter, at 360 nits. Credit: Samuel Rutherford / Tom's GuideWe couldn't run any of our standard benchmark tests on the Primo — there's no Windows versions — but the Primo's hexa-core Snapdragon 808 CPU and 3GB of RAM moved through menus speedily enough for most tasks. The Lumia 950, which came out a year ago, has the exact same specs. In contrast, the HP Elite x3 boasts a superior Snapdragon 820 CPU and 4GB of RAM. When I played Asphalt Xtreme on the Primo, the phone froze for a split second a few times during each race, as the processor tried to catch up. Battery Life: Just About Average On our official battery test (web surfing via LTE with the screen at 150 nits), the Primo lasted 8 hours and 46 minutes, which is about 15 minutes shy of the smartphone average. Even though it comes with a dock, keyboard and mouse, the Primo doesn't come with a separate USB charger or cable, so if you're traveling, you'll need to bring the large-ish dock and power plug with you, or purchase a smaller charger and USB Type-C cable separately. Regardless of what I used, though, the Primo was slow to charge: It took an hour to go from 47 percent to 85 percent. Acer says the phone does not support quick charging. MORE: Smartphones with the Longest Battery Life Camera: Mixed Results The Primo features a 21-megapixel back camera that took better-than-average photos. Outdoors, the Primo's camera ably captured the rainbow of colors from a stall of Moroccan-style lamps, as well as a wall full of candy in a store. Credit: Mike Prospero / Tom's GuideThe camera was finicky when it tried to focus on a small object in the foreground, though. For example, this cow ornament was fuzzy, even though I tried to sharpen the focus by tapping on it on the phone's display. Other photos, with subjects that were all at the same distance, also came out blurry. Credit: Mike Prospero / Tom's GuideThe 8-MP front camera performed well for selfies, but it had trouble adjusting for lighting. In a series of photos that I shot, the Primo's front camera blew out the background, turning the blue sky white and making the Empire State Building disappear. When it did get the background right, the foreground was way too dark. With both cameras, HDR mode helped marginally in a high-contrast situation, but following each shot, the camera took an exceptionally long 3 seconds to process each photo. MORE: These Smartphones Can Replace a Compact Camera Bottom Line If you're looking for a midrange smartphone and happen to like the Windows 10 Mobile platform, then the Acer Liquid Jade Primo could be for you. It's not such a bad little phone, and though its specs are modest, the performance for its price is reasonable. However, the Lumia 950 and 950XL (both $299) have the same processor and higher-resolution displays; and while they don't come with a dock, keyboard or mouse, you can pick up those accessories and still pay around the same price as the Primo. If you're willing to spend more, the $700 HP Elite x3 delivers the same Continuum experience with better performance and battery life. The main reason to pick up the Primo — or any Windows phone, for that matter — is its Continuum feature. It's pretty impressive that you can use this phone as a quasi PC, but Microsoft's platform still needs some refinement — and more apps — before it becomes a viable Android or iPhone alternative. 6/10 Quick Take The Liquid Jade Primo offers a good Windows 10 Mobile experience for less than the HP Elite x3, but that phone offers better performance and longer battery life. $299.99 Microsoft About the author Mike Prospero @mikeprospero Michael A. Prospero is the reviews editor at Laptop Mag and Tom’s Guide. When he’s not testing out the latest running watch, skiing or training for a marathon, he’s probably using the latest kitchen gadget. Read more Smartphones Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish 1 comment Your comment David_569 Jan 11, 2017, 7:06 AM I always think it's quite funny, and odd, that adults would worry about the "app selection" given that the "app" world is basically overrun by junk and completely terrible apps in both platforms that tout that they have so many apps. Basic, critical apps that enable the usage of the phone as a tool are all that is necessary and I've had no trouble finding those on my Windows 10 Mobile phone for the last 2 years I've had it running on my Lumia 1020. The argument is incredibly juvenile and borders on ridiculous at this point. 0 Comment Firstname Submit Also for acer Acer Aspire E5-575G-55KK Kaby Lake Notebook - Acer KA240H 24-inch 1080p Display The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 1 day This $100 Gadget Can Break Into Your Office Hands-On 1 day My Favorite Switch Game Is a Very Weird Brawler News 1 day Worried About Cyberwar? Worry About Squirrels Instead News 1 day How to Make Your Own Two-Factor Authentication Key Hands-On 2 days Nintendo Switch Is a Blast to Play, But It Needs More G... Round-Up 2 days Best Budgeting and Personal Finance Apps Round-Up 2 days Top 5 Startups to Watch in 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best & Worst Online Fax Services 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best 3D Printers 2017 Deals 2 days Best Tech Deals of 2017 Round-Up 2 days Best iOS Games 2017 Review 2 days Ultimaker 3 3D Printer Review: High-Quality Prints, for... Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash For Capital Region residents, looming ACA action stokes fear Cuomo: 2020 rumors are ‘flattering, even if not true’ News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Rally decries ACA repeal Russia mocks outgoing Obama Crowds brave cold and rain for MLK march Military's shift from oil may face challenge Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Patriots have plenty to clean up on offense Ex-pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Suns surprise Spurs in Mexico City Lewis stars for Pats Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bring resumes out to the fair Takata takes guilty plea, will pay $1B Number Of The Day GOP leaders vague on replacement bill Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Arts briefs 2 members of R&B band Tower of Power hit by train, injured People in the news: Three charged in Paris heist Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays High & Low Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Dance Museum to host fundraiser for Leukemia & Lymphoma Ballston Spa man charged with promoting sexual performance by a The Message of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Continues NYC: 17 Ways to Celebrate the 2017 Lunar New Year TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Siena basketball focused on Fairfield guards Some Capital Region municipal websites still fail to post Capital Region Trump backers bound for D.C. inaugural Churchill: Got soy or almond milk? This column is for you Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Historic in Saratoga Springs Duo to share unusual story of Albany building's move Jennifer Lopez's Hidden Hills home for sale High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Birthday freebies: 80-plus things you can get for free on your Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Cashier-friend-charged-in-counterfeit-case-10832961.php Cashier, friend charged in counterfeit case By Emily Masters Published 4:35 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Chantell B. Avery, 25, of Schenectady is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Chantell B. Avery, 25, of Schenectady is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Image 2 of 2 Walmart cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Walmart cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany is charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. (Albany police) Cashier, friend charged in counterfeit case 1 / 2 Back to Gallery ALBANY — A Walmart cashier was arrested Thursday after knowingly accepting $4,900 in counterfeit money from friends posing as customers, city police said. Cashier Antonia P. Price, 26, of Albany accepted 73 counterfeit bills as deposits for Money Gram transactions, city police said. Price "deposited $4,900 of counterfeit money into the Walmart cash register with the intent to steal the same amount by returning it to the codefendants with real U.S. currency," her arrest report states. City police said the counterfeit money was split into 37 $100 bills, 16 $50 bills and 20 $20 bills. Officers arrested Price and her friend, Avery B. Chantell, 25, of Schenectady, Thursday afternoon after responding to he 141 Washington Ave. Ext. store, Officer Steve Smith said. Chantell allegedly deposited $2,400 of counterfeit bills at Price's cashier's station in exchange for a Money Gram worth the same amount, her arrest report states. Price also allegedly accepted $2,500 counterfeit money on an earlier occasion, Smith said. Price and Chantell are both charged with felony possession of a forged instrument and felony grand larceny. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Men's Executive Pants for $16 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 30 min ago SHOP NOW Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike for $89 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 11 hr ago SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Shoe Care Kit for $5 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 32 sec ago SHOP NOW Etcbuys Unisex Multi-Purpose Winter Mask for $7 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago News Videos Most Popular 1 Albany business owner recalls son who died in DWI crash 2 Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal Albany crash 3 Fired doctor says St. Peter's sabotaged her practice to steal... 4 Firefighters snuff Route 9 blaze 5 SEEN: Wine & Dine for the Arts Grand Gala Reception 6 Rotterdam man faces multiple drug charges 7 Toll Gate in Slingerlands closed as owner recovers from major... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Political News: Federal, state, and local coverage Lifestyle TODAY WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS AP College Basketball AP College Football NASCAR NFL on NBC VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Pet Lost & Found Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More >> The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More >> Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >> In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Don't Miss Fatal Crash Friday Morning Near Roadside Park Bears Drop Non-SCA Game to Forsyth; Play Monday in B&G Walker Acquitted of Murder; Charges Against White Dropped Winter Has Arrived Douglas County Shows Improvements in Auditor Galloway’s Latest Review Douglas County Herald Shop Featured Story Area News Douglas County City of Ava City Council General Interest Crime Events Farm & Garden Health Local Residents Local Students Political Reunions The Snoop Looking Backward Letter To The Editor What About This? School News Sports Sports Schedules Local Students Obituaries Legals Correspondents Contact Us Rack Locations Home / Letter To The Editor / Letter to the Editor 12.22.2016 Letter to the Editor 12.22.2016 Posted by: News Server in Letter To The Editor January 3, 2017 0 4 Views Dear Editor: I work as a cashier at Walmart in Ava. Last Thursday (Dec. 13) shortly after arriving at work, I heard some beautiful voices singing a Christmas carol. It was NOT the store radio. It was the Mansfield High School Chorus. For more than half an hour the group stood at the front of the store and customers and workers were given a real treat by having the privilege of listening to the group sing several true traditional Christmas carols. On behalf of all of us who were lucky enough to be in the store that morning to receive this gift I want you to know how much you gave the true spirit of Christmas and gave us all a wonderful way to start our day. Thank you very much to the director and all the students who participated. Merry Christmas to all of you. Jan Sparnicht Ava 2017-01-03 News Server tweet Previous: MDC Sets Upcoming Deer And Turkey Hunting Dates Next: Letter to the Editor 12.23.2016 About News Server Related Articles Letter to the Editor 12.23.2016 January 3, 2017 Letter to the Editor – Black Friday November 23, 2016 Letter to the Editor – Politics October 18, 2016 General Interest Tuesday Bunco Meets January 13, 2017 Fatal Crash Friday Morning Near Roadside Park January 6, 2017 Bethany Baptist Church January 5, 2017 College-Bound AHS Senior January 3, 2017 FSA Recognizes Longtime Members for Years of Service January 3, 2017 MDC Sets Upcoming Deer And Turkey Hunting Dates January 3, 2017 Patrol Col. J. Bret Johnson Announces His Retirement January 3, 2017 Koala Bear Daycare January 3, 2017 Environmentalists Ignore The Truth About Fracking January 3, 2017 Walker Acquitted of Murder; Charges Against White Dropped January 3, 2017 Wright County Children’s Home Holds Annual Donor Appreciation Luncheon January 3, 2017 Local Hunters Feed Their Neighbors In Need January 3, 2017 Skyline Tables Purchase of New School Buses December 30, 2016 What About This…? 12.22.2016 December 27, 2016 Winter Has Arrived December 23, 2016 Douglas and Ozark Counties Retired School Personnel December 8, 2016 Douglas County Shows Improvements in Auditor Galloway’s Latest Review December 2, 2016 NORAD Is Ready to Track Santa’s Flight December 2, 2016 City Will Pick Up Leaves Beginning Monday, Dec. 5 November 23, 2016 Skyline R-2 Board Receives Audit Report; Sees Bids on Buses November 23, 2016 This Saturday Shop Small and Help the Local Economy November 23, 2016 Notes From Hunter Creek 11.24.2016 November 23, 2016 Ava City Council Meeting For November 22 2016 November 23, 2016 Categories Categories Select Category City of Ava    City Council Classified Ads Crime Douglas County Events Farm & Garden Featured Story General Interest Health Legals Letter To The Editor Local Residents Local Students Looking Backward Missouri State News Obituaries Political Reflections Reunions School News    School Menus    Sports    Sports Schedules The Snoop What About This? _Correspondents    Accord Ministry    Almartha    Arno    Ava Assembly of God    Ava General Baptist    Ava Saddle Club    Ava Senior Center    Ava Seventh Day Adventist    Basher News    Bethany Baptist    Black Jack Community Church    Black Oak Church    Bradleyville News    Breedon Church    Caney Church News    Champion    Church of the Living God    County Line    Dogwood – The Higher Calling    Dogwood Ramblings    Eastern Gate & Around the Mountain    Faith Rock Church    Foil    Fourth Sunday Singing    Friendship News    Gentry    Gentryville    Gentryville Church    Gentryville Church of God    Girdner Church    Goodhope News    Happy Home Church    Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare Center    Highlonesome    Holy Ghost Tabernacle Hill    Kiwanis    Little Creek    Mt. Olive Church    Mt. Tabor    Mt. Zion News    Murray Church    New Hope Freewill Baptist    Norwood Gleanings    Oak Grove Church    Olga    One Accord Ministries    Quad Cities    Rainbow Ridge    Random Ritings    Red Bank News    Red Bud News    Rock Chapel    Rome    Sandy Church News    Smallett News    St. Francis Church    Starworkers    Sweden Church    T.O.P.S.    Tecumseh    Thornfield Southern Baptist Church    Wasola Find us on Facebook News in Pictures Political Blunt Selects Painting for Inaugural Luncheon January 3, 2017 U.S. Rep. Jason Smith Receives ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award January 3, 2017 Congressman Jason Smith’s Capitol Report January 3, 2017 House Speaker Richardson Selects Chairs For New House Appropriations Subcommittee January 3, 2017 Absentee Ballots May Be Voted Now For November Election October 6, 2016 Events Calendar of Events January 13, 2017 Calendar of Events January 5, 2017 FSA Recognizes Longtime Members for Years of Service January 3, 2017 U.S. Rep. Jason Smith Receives ‘Friend of Farm Bureau’ Award January 3, 2017 Calendar of Events December 30, 2016 Legals Red Bud Village legal January 5, 2017 White River Electric legal December 22, 2016 Goldie Miller legal December 22, 2016 Deatherage legal December 22, 2016 University of Missouri Extension legal December 8, 2016 © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved. | Douglas County Herald
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance The Seahawks were a talented, yet flawed team that simply couldn't overcome a season-long pattern of inconsistency and some key… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., on Monday. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) By JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 9:08 AM A   A Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, January 15, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 33°F Cloudy with Mist and Fog Sunday, January 15, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Cleanup begins after severe storms kill 5 in South share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Nation/World Cleanup begins after severe storms kill 5 in South Tue, 01/03/2017 - 10:18am | The Associated Press Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Sections (2):News, Nation/World Topics (2):Courts, Police, Fire, Environment More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid More Nation / World U.S. agrees to pay $2 billion to Marines affected by toxic water The latest: Trump and Obama staffers meeting U.S. official: Trump adviser in frequent contact with Russia envoy Spacewalking astronauts upgrade lab's power grid Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Area history, Jan. 15, 2017 Building permits, Jan. 15, 2017 Business listings, Jan. 15, 2017 State tourney leaves little room to spare at 2 local alleys Wired In: Ran Chao This day in history, Jan. 15, 2017 Champaign man arrested over 2 break-ins Street closures listing Takata to plead guilty, pay $1 billion in fines over faulty air bags UI chancellor looking to hire a chief of staff More Local News Most Viewed News Poor judgment in use of pictures UPDATE: Police say man was driving wrong way on I-74 in fatal New Year's crash Long search ends in key murder suspect's arrest (w/video) Gang rap videos' use in murder trial uncertain In 2014 murder's wake: 24 incidents, 9 deaths in C-U Most Commented News UPDATE: Flag-burner 'incredibly disheartened' UPDATE: Police say man was driving wrong way on I-74 in fatal New Year's crash How'd Obama do? At barbershop, they'll let you know Urbana METCAD funding resolution taken to vote Davis throws Twitter curveball Trending Now UPDATE: Woman thrown from Jeep in morning accident From the archives: Valentine's Day ice storm 1990 Carle misses Medicare mark for 3rd year in a row In 2014 murder's wake: 24 incidents, 9 deaths in C-U Two Urbana girls' players deemed ineligible UI football commit Mondesir got his first choice Williams back with Illini Today's Special: Biggby Coffee plans spring start for third local shop Urbana desegregation pioneers to receive accolades today STM boys' hoops surprises host SJ-O UPDATE: Flag-burner 'incredibly disheartened' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Las Vegas Sun January 15, 2017 Currently: 56° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV / AP People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. By Jeff Amy, Associated Press Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 | 8:38 a.m. Deep South Severe Weather Launch slideshow » Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend Recipe: Ricotta grilled cheese with tomato soup Former addict finds freedom and strength in ultrarunning Metro Police officer dragged by vehicle during stop Officials have duty to Nevadans to make background checks work Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Gordon Ramsay: A few fast hours in the L.V. life of the famed chef Dining: Sage satisfies winter cravings Keith Sweat: Set for intimate residency Featured Galleries Otakon Vegas 2017 Punisher Skateboards Contest California, Nevada Storm Aftermath More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 15 Sun 16 Mon 17 Tue 18 Wed 19 Thu PMA Networking Cocktail Brunch Pampas Churrascaria Brazillian Grille | 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Disney on Ice presents Worlds of Enchantment The Thomas & Mack Center DJ Franzen Drai's All events on Sunday » Monday Night Pigskin Parties South Point Showroom Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas All events on Monday » A Room of One's Own Left of Center Art Gallery | noon to 3 p.m. Vegas Women Connect Chow | 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Motown the Musical Smith Center for the Performing Arts All events on Tuesday » Alzheimer’s: Every Minute Counts Screening Optum, 2716 N. Tenaya Way, Las Vegas | 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena Henderson State of the City 2017 Green Valley Ranch Grand Event Center | noon to 1:30 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Las Vegas Jewish Film Festival Multiple venues Steel Panther Drai's Toruk—The First Flight T-Mobile Arena All events on Thursday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
31°FOvercastFull Forecast Subscribe to Newton Daily News News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs Storms kill four across Southern states Published: Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 10:20 a.m. CST A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News Guitarist who avoided Buddy Holly plane crash diesJan. 13, 2017 - 10:46 am What’s up next in the federal trial of Dylann RoofJan. 11, 2017 - 10:21 am ‘Yes we did’ — Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speechJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Moscow denies having compromising information about TrumpJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Trump blasts intel agencies over report on Russia tiesJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am 10 things to know for todayJan. 11, 2017 - 10:16 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 9:51 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Dangerous blizzard, flooding as new storm hits California Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Weather Quick Links Radar Webcams Current Conditions Closings Forecast Current Alerts Satellite Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hundreds gather for “Love March” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 6:22 pm Hundreds gathered in the Elm City Sunday to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior. Barnum Museum continues to preserve circus history despite show ending 6:24 pm The “Ringling Brothers Barnum And Bailey Circus” is coming to a close but the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport is still preserving its history. Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus 6:13 pm Car found submerged in icy Milford pond 5:39 pm Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 5:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F 5 die in south during severe storms that bring rain and wind By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 10:45 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 12:55 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP)– At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. National Weather Service meteorologist Mark Wool of Tallahassee, Florida, said teams were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Winter storm hits New England after icing over the South Floods force hundreds of evacuations in California, Nevada Southern drought relents but not over, despite recent rains Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Forecast Weather Blog 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Pedestrian struck by vehicle in Dayton Updated: 27 mins ago It happened around 8:30 p.m. in the 1800 block of S. Gettysburg Ave. Dayton stand-off ends peacefully, 1 arrested 4:02 pm Officials say the woman called dispatch saying her ex was threatening to shoot her around 2:22 a.m. Sunday. Greene Co. officials investigating deadly shooting in Yellow Springs Updated: 25 mins ago Thousands gather for ‘Ohio Sister March’ in downtown Columbus 3:06 pm Dayton Police searching for drive-thru robbery suspect 3:48 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 32° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:56 AM Sunset: 5:36 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Buckeyes beat Spartans for first Big Ten win 5:32 pm JaQuan Lyle made 5 of 7 shots from the 3-point line and scored 22 points as Ohio State pulled away down the stretch and beat Michigan State … Williams, Cooke lead Flyers to win at Duquesne January 14, 2017 Xeyrius Williams scored a career-high 19 points and Charles Cooke scored 18 off the bench as the Dayton Flyers earned a 76-57 road win over … Alstork rallies Raiders past Panthers January 14, 2017 Cavs’ J.R. Smith shares first photo of preemie baby girl January 13, 2017 Wisconsin blows out Ohio State 89-66 January 13, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Bella Musica: the musical petting zoo January 13, 2017 Sarah and Alyssa from Bella Musica tell us more about an event they call a musical petting zoo. Dayton Dance Centre January 13, 2017 Zac learns some new moves at the Dayton Dance Centre. Pet of the week- 1/13/17 January 13, 2017 Buckeye Door Sales January 13, 2017 Comfort Foods from Firebirds Wood Fired Grill January 13, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 10:56 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Aircraft crashes in Champaign Co. (WDTN Photo) Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts UPDATE: 5th person dies in deadly storm outbreak across southeast U.S. 6 deaths blamed on southeast storms Remains of Pearl Harbor victim returned to home state 75 years later Hostage situation at Alabama Credit Union in Tuscaloosa ends, suspect taken into custody Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Suspect with child in car fatally shoots man walking on the far Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Something old, something new Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace San Antonio writers resist upcoming presidency with their words San Antonians on MLK route talk about march's importance Wreck causes gas leak in New Braunfels, 2 women arrested Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Attorney General Lynch: 'We have always pushed forward' Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Numbers everyone should know Lone Star National closing a San Antonio branch magicJack, San Antonio’s Carnegie square off on hostile Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Girls basketball: X-ray reveals no break in Brandeis’ Swimming: Saturday’s high school results Volleyball: Area athletes land on TSWA All-State team Texans’ fight, grit not enough Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Photos: S.A. Cocktail Conference opening event brings kids of all Cook's Country magazine looks at South Texas breakfast tacos Hotel Valencia names new general manager 7 dishes we’re looking forward to trying during Restaurant Week Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Reports: Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died Violinist leads, conducts symphony San Antonio jazz musician Sebastian Campesi dies at 95 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball that Live, Work, and Play, Away Here's the trick to surviving the San Antonio Cocktail Conference Cool wraps keep your earbuds untangled and looking good Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla State shorting schools in funding Rick Perry will be a superb Energy Secretary King’s vision demands effort, persistence Dr. King’s words, deeds still resonate Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Premium Overland model tops out the lineup for the revived Jeep Hyundai upgrades three-row Santa Fe crossover for 2017, tweaking Mazda’s CX-5 compact crossover will get a complete redesign, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months Average US 30-year mortgage rate falls to 4.12 percent Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Museum Reach apartment developer adds Carlyle Group as partner ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/texas/article/North-Texas-man-dons-Wal-mart-employee-vest-to-10832065.php Texas man wears employee vest to steal from Wal-mart store, police say By Kelsey Bradshaw Updated 4:45 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Photo: Courtesy/Grapevine Police Department Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Grapevine police are searching for a man who stole merchandise from a Wal-mart store while wearing an employee vest Nov. 21, 2016.   Grapevine police are searching for a man who stole merchandise from a Wal-mart store while wearing an employee vest Nov. 21, 2016.   Photo: Courtesy/Grapevine Police Department Texas man wears employee vest to steal from Wal-mart store, police say 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Grapevine police are searching for a man who donned an employee vest as he stole from a Wal-mart store in November, they said.  A man wearing a black, long sleeve T-shirt entered a Wal-mart store on State Highway 114 Nov. 21 northwest of Dallas and proceeded to take two baskets full of merchandise, according to a Grapevine Police Department news release. At one point, the man put on a blue, Wal-Mart employee vest. He was driving a black Dodge Ram at the time, police said. The U.S. dollar is hovering near 14-year highs in the wake of the Fed's latest interest rate increase and expectations for tax cuts and other stimulus measures under a Trump administration. While Americans traveling overseas this holiday season are getting more bang for their buck, one corporate giant isn't too happy. Walmart's outsized international exposure stands to wreak havoc on its bottom line during the fourth quarter and into the early part of 2017. The extent of the damage in the fourth quarter could come as a surprise to many on Wall Street as Walmart's full earnings guidance of $4.20 to $4.35 a share assumed no change in currency rates when it was issued in mid-November. Video provided by TheStreet Media: TheStreet Those with information on the suspect should contact Grapevine police at: 817-410-3243. RELATED: Police: Woman lured man to Austin home through dating app for robbery kbradshaw@express-news.net Twitter: @kbrad5 Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... Weather Alert NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms possible through Monday morning The Latest One of FBI's 10 most-arrested on Texas-Mexico border Cowboys go down fighting, lose by 3 to the Packers 1970s, '80s Wrestling legend has died Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball... Texas' Sid Miller keeps spreading fake news Wreck causes gas leak in New Braunfels, 2 women arrested NBA wants to shorten games due to millennial attention spans Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Man on FBI's 10 most-wanted list arrested in Texas S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV Tried Whataburger for first time, here's what they said Buzzfeed picks winner in Whataburger vs. In-N-Out vs. Shake... Limited edition Tim Duncan cereal hits H-E-B shelves Monday Most streamed show on Netflix in each state What's new on Netflix, Amazon Prime in January First looks at new and returning 2017 TV shows Paper Tiger throws DJ fueled birthday bash Photos: Ultra-exclusive S.A. party that took over downtown 100 best photos of S.A.'s nightlife scene from 2016 'Decrepit' 100-year-old S.A. home transformed Open houses you can visit this weekend in S.A. Homes just listed for sale in San Antonio Recent Breaking News Police: Juvenile mom abandoned newborn baby in Northeast Side... NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... William Peter Blatty, author of horror classic 'The Exorcist,'... 60-Second Clips Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Sign Up for Text Alerts Most Popular 1 S.A. anchorwoman Evy Ramos said she was fired from WOAI-TV 2 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 3 NWS: Tornadoes, thunderstorms and heavy rain possible this... 4 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 5 Family of Tejano star want to exonerate him 6 We tried the regional burger chain many people say is the best... 7 American Apparel to close all of its stores 8 Seen on Instagram: The ultra-exclusive S.A. debutante ball... 9 A Texas man took a friend to a Cowboys game, and left him there 10 Alexandria Vera, former middle school teacher impregnated by... 11 Popovich handles Trump question in Mexico 12 Kawhi Leonard's career day not enough as Spurs fall in Mexico... 13 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 14 Report: Professional bull rider Ty Pozzobon dies at 25 15 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Severe storms in U.S. South leave at least 6 dead 4 killed when falling tree crushed Alabama mobile home, 2 more deaths in Georgia and Florida The Associated Press Posted: Jan 03, 2017 10:39 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 03, 2017 7:31 PM ET Friends and family survey the trailer where a tree fell and killed four people after a storm hit Rehobeth, Ala. (Phil Sears/Reuters) Related Stories 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Ala. 4 dead in Alabama as storm barrels through Southern U.S. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, `What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and, a woman in Georgia, and a man who appeared to have drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Fla. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama coast hit by massive storms0:38 'Just a matter of seconds' Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. Tim McElveen surveys damage to his home on Coleman Road after the storm passed through Rehobeth. (Phil Sears/Reuters) Florida flood drowning  In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Albany, Ga., fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1½-kilometre-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. Homes destroyed In addition to the death, Rowe said, more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He said the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 10 centimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 20 centimetres of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. People examine a barn destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Monday. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via Associated Press) Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Neb. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Best presidential inauguration performances 3:50 'Trump does not have the moral authority to battle with John Lewis,' says Rev. Jesse Jackson 1:14 Investigators with Diana Swain - Josh Earnest Interview 4:46 Aussie rugby players dress up as Elvis for game 0:58 Most Viewed Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Ringling Bros. closing curtain on namesake circus after 146 years Trump attacks civil rights icon before Martin Luther King Jr. day As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Anti-Trump civil rights demonstrators vow to 'march until hell freezes over' Woman abducted as a baby in Florida found 18 years later Mosul University fully liberated by Iraqi troops Covering Donald Trump White House will 'pose a challenge for the media,' outgoing press secretary says Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss New 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Analysis Future of the oilsands: the good, the bad and the ugly New generation moves to the fore in Liberal cabinet shuffle No charges after cyclist, car standoff video, Ottawa police say Obama talks about Israel, Syria and Trump in his final interview as president As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Remembering Candace Derksen: Family braces for retrial of man accused of her murder Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Video Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Man plunges to bottom of Lake of the Woods in -30 C weather Katy Perry, Scarlett Johansson, Cher among celebs set to join Women's March on Washington Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Grounded tanker freed from Cape Breton shore Ice storm creates slick conditions in central U.S. for 3rd day Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More > Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More > Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More > Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More > PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More > 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More > Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More > Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More > The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More > Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More > Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Quaker group marks centennial with 'Waging Peace' exhibit Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:25 AM EST2017-01-15 13:25:54 GMT The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to...More > The American Friends Service Committee is celebrating 100 years of nonviolent activism with an exhibition, "Waging Peace," that showcases the group's accomplishments while also illustrating work that remains to be done.More > Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Secret WWI telegram holds lessons for today, historians say Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:16 AM EST2017-01-15 13:16:59 GMT In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More > In a secret telegram a century ago, Germany tried to get Mexico to join its side during World War I by offering it territory in the United States. Britain intercepted, deciphered and shared the "Zimmermann Telegram."More >    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Severe weather kills 5 in Southeast, threat continues Tuesday Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on January 03, 2017 at 9:31 AM comments At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning (Jan. 3) for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr Weather Search Enter City, State or Zip Code Live Regional Radar State Radar Loop Interactive weather maps including local radar, satellite, severe, forecast maps, and more ... More maps from AccuWeather» Most Read About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice More In News UPDATE: Missing person found Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Fulton issues boil water notice Providing education, care: Pre-K access average in Northeast Mississippi Fewer in state choose ACA View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Schaefer, William preview in-state rivalry Featured All-American punter picks MSU With Logan Cooke entering his senior season, Mississippi State secured its future punter on Sunday. U.S. Army All-American Tucker Day chose the... Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work More In Business Agriculture value is part of Mississippi’s economy DENNIS SEID: Furniture Academy should be embraced DAVE RAMSEY: Dissolve LLC only if the numbers don’t work Educators, business leaders seek to close skills gap Chapter 3 buys Golden Chair furniture company View all posts in Business Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls More In Lifestyle Preserving the past: National Park Service gains more Civil War sites LESLIE CRISS: Presley the pug spends second birthday abroad ROBERT ST. JOHN: Vegetable soup good for stomachs and souls Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years DAVID PANNELL: Early morning encounter of dogs, humans teaches new tricks View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Take time to honor King’s legacy, impact on America SID SALTER: To compete, state must move past analog governing in digital world BILL CRAWFORD: Road, bridge crisis causes great ponderation Letters to the Editor: Jan. 15, 2017 OUR OPINION: American spirit requires active, faithful citizens View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Jimmy John's update: mid-February opening expected in Tupelo Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Daily Journal Fall Sports Banquet Rocky Topped: Rebels curtail 28-game slide to UT VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 13, 2017 Ole Miss-Georgia: Day After Observations Shooting blanks: Season-low percentages lead to home loss VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 12, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » 5 die in South during severe storms that bring rain and wind 5 die in South during severe storms that bring rain and wind Posted on January 3, 2017 by Daily Journal in News, Weather Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, near Collins, on Monday. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) By Jeff Amy Associated Press At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. National Weather Service meteorologist Mark Wool of Tallahassee, Florida, said teams were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← Chickasaw County constable gives bicycles to needy Purse stolen from city hall, man charged → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Which of the "Final Four" teams is most likely to win a national championship next season? Alabama Clemson Ohio State Washington View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages UPDATE: Missing person found Daily Journal Pentecostal preacher retiring from pulpit after more than 50 years Youth is served: Inexperienced Bulldogs continue winning ways Lady Devils use free throw line to grab Prentiss County trophy MSU Notebook: Mourning Peters comes up big Landmark Waverly home vandalized for second time in 3 months Move to learn: Saltillo teacher blends walking, learning through grant Fewer in state choose ACA RAW: Nettleton couple goes back to nature for home furnishings Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Tuesday Jan 3, 2017 at 9:14 AM Jan 3, 2017 at 11:06 AM JEFF AMY, Associated Press Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley's body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F Radar Forecast Alerts 12 Weather Alerts 89 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Winter Storm Latest Headlines Ice storm causing power outages in Dodge City 6:39 pm Ice covered tree branches have been falling on power lines. Great Bend crews respond to a downed power line 6:00 pm In Great Bend, the rain hasn’t stopped and it’s still below freezing. The city is getting freezing rain and the ice is starting to build up. Trump team considers relocating White House media corps 3:53 pm Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 4:10 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 27° F Wind: NNE 9 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm The severe ice storm projected for the Kansas City area turned out relatively tame. Kansas Defeats Oklahoma State; Remains Unbeaten in Big 12 January 14, 2017 Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State 77-68 January 14, 2017 No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State 87-80 January 14, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. ‘Hidden Figures’ keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 3:55 pm Estimates on Sunday say “Hidden Figures” sold $20.5 million in tickets. Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 12:43 pm Photos: Ice storm in Kansas 3:34 pm Kidman says comments about Trump support weren’t endorsement January 14, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F South bracing for more severe storms, rain By Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 8:41 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday morning for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Winter storm: South braces for snow, sleet and freezing rain Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Latest: Freezing rain arrives in ice storm Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, January 4, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on December 29, 2016 at 4:49 PM, updated January 03, 2017 at 10:09 AM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services: Mon., 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m.; Thurs., 1:30-3:30 p.m., with Lisa White, BS, RN, in the Bangs Center. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: (NO CLINIC JAN. 20) Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m.with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. SHINE: Jan. 9 and 23, 1-4 p.m. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley , $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to e placed a day ahead. there is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith, Estate Planning and Elder Law: Jan. 20, 1-4 p.m. Ayaz Mahmud, Money Talk: Jan. 10, 11 a.m.-noon CLASSES/SEMINARS Jan. 4: Shakespeare, Henry VI part III, movie 9-noon movie. Jan. 10-Feb. 28: Lectures on Cosmology, eight Tuesdays, 1-3 p.m., free. Jan. 12: The Anthropology of Deviance, 10 weeks, 10:30 a.m.-noon, please preregister, free. Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Jan. 20-March 24, 3-4 p.m. Jan. 9, 23 and 30: Exploring Collage, bring any kind of , magazines, fabric scraps, trinkets, things from nature, scissors, glue, tape, pins anything to attach things Caregivers Group and Stress Reduction Class: Jan. 12 and 26, 1:30-3 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov Joy of Song with Sara Snyder : Jan. 19, 1-2 p.m. Name that Tune with Steve Damon: Mondays 11-11:45 a.m. Jan 9: Americana Sing Along Jan 23: Jazz Standards UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 28: Wine and Canvas Fundraiser at the Hampshire Mall, 2-4 p.m., cost $30, call to register or sign up at the centers reception desk. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Jan. 7, 2017: Mohegan Sun Casino, 8 a.m., return 7:30 p.m., cost $45, participants get a $15 coupon toward food and a $10 free bet. Jan. 19, 2017: Worcester Museum of Art, 10:30 a.m., return 3:30-4 p.m., cost $50, (motorcoach, admission and gratuity). Feb., 2017: Kennedy Library in Boston MA. and supper at the Salem Cross Inn, West Brookfield, cost $60 Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: Jan. 10, 3-4 p.m. This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital camera classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: Begins Jan. 3, 12:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m. Jan 11: Sully Jan. 25: The Accountant Book Club third Tuesday of the month : Jan. 17, 1 p.m., The Invention of Wings by Sue Monk Kidd. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: first Friday of the month, 1 p.m., Jan. 6. Senior Center Van: shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. Upcoming Events Jan. 6,20: WalMart/Big Y Shoppers, door to door, round trip service, $3, call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule your ride. Jan. 12: Dr Perica Valley Podiatry, 10:30 a.m., learn everything you always wanted to know about your feet. Jan. 19: free Smart Phone App. and how to install, the Belchertown Police Dept. is offering a free app. targeted towards keeping the community safe. Jan 27: Blood for Blue Blood Drive, 10 a.m.-2 p.m., donors will receive a Dunkin Donut gift card and the TRIAD will be offering hot dogs and beverages to all participants. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 TRIPS Senator Gobi: Jan. 17, 11 a.m.-noon Monthly Movie: Jan. 20, 11 a.m., Mr. Church UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 6: Plarning, Crochet and Knitting, 10:30 a.m. Jan. 12: Are you entitled to any discounts or credits on your property tax? Cindy Poirer, Assessor for the Town of Brimfield will be here for a lunch and learn to go over whatever discounts you might qualify for, 11:15 a.m. Jan. 13: Brown Bag pick up, 10 a.m.-noon. Jan. 16: Closed in observance of Martin Luther King. Jan. 17: Blood Pressure, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; Massage with Vicki, 9:15-11:15, by appointment only, $5 for ten minutes, $15 for 20 minutes. Jan. 27: Chinese New Year Party, 1 p.m., $6 suggested donation. Come and enjoy a wide variety of traditional favorites. Please reserve your seat by Jan. 24. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Cup of Conversation: First Fri. of each month beginning Jan. 6, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Jan. 6, 12:15 p.m. We will meet at The Salem Cross Inn, 260 W Main St, West Brookfield. Please sign up no later than Jan. 4th so reservations can be made, this is a self pay lunch club. Arthritis Class: Tuesday, 10:30 a.m., this class helps to alleviate pain in arthritis sufferers as well as aid in prevention, the class is mostly seated. Cardio Chair Dancing: Is on hold until the spring due to instructors schedule. All the benefits from dance but done in a chair. Great if you have knee, hip, balance or coordination challenges that make dancing difficult. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursday's 9-10 a.m. A total body workout to upbeat music. Uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi; Qigong Classes: Tuesday and Friday, 9:30-10:30 a.m. This enjoyable class strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well-being. Regular Yoga: Wednesday morning 8:45 a.m., suitable for all levels of fitness. Redefined Yoga: Thursday, 10-11 a.m. Love the idea of yoga, but can't get down on the floor or back up? This class has all the benefits of regular yoga and incorporates standing, sitting in a chair and stretching but no getting down on the floor! Work at your own pace and ability level (suitable for wheelchair/chair bound). BINGO: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Join our group for fun and prizes. Snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Friendly competition with prizes and snack bar. Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. New Strong Yoga Classes: possible class offering depends on interest level, need at least 5 to start, call 413-527-6151 if interested. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Garden Volunteers: If you can spare a few hours one-time only or more on a regular basis to assist with watering, weeding, trimming and cutting etc. and supervising the group from Honor Trial Court Program, please contact activity coordinator, Kim Jensen for additional information/details at 413-527-6151. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment Center. Return of the Bio Mat: bio mat heat therapy is back on Friday's by appointment, call 413-527-6151 at least 48 hours in advance. Treat yourself to the warm infrared heat bed, prerecorded meditation or beautiful music via the headset while lying on the chaise. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Genealogy Group: Dec. 28, 2 p.m. Reiki with David: Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Bio Heatmat: Fridays, by appointment, $5 donation appreciated, call 413-527-6151 to schedule your advanced appointment. Mini Hair Salon: $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: Mondays, 1-3 p.m., call for dates. Board Meeting: Travel Club: Friends Meeting: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., please call for December dates. Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Reflexology for hands and feet: Wednesdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 6: Mew Years Party, 12:30 p.m., refreshments provided, seating is limited due to floor space, $6 per ticket. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. HIGHLIGHTS Tax-Aide by Liberty Tax Service: Feb. 13-24, free income tax preparation to low income Greenfield seniors, 65+ with a gross income under $25,000 for single and $60,000 for married by appointment only. To schedule an appointment please call the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. If you have any questions please contact MaryAnn Socquet at 413-772-1517 ext. 1. Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month. Tax Aide by Liberty Tax Service, Feb 13-24: This service is provided to low income seniors for free. The program is open to Greenfield residents age 65+ with a gross income limits under $25,000 single and $60,000 married. To schedule an appointment call the center beginning Jan. 3 at 413-772-1517, ext. 0. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Avon Bingo: Jan. 18, 10:30-11:30 a.m., this is like regular bingo except the board is Avon related instead of numbers. The prizes are Avon products and there is also a chance for a $5 gift card for Avon products. Avon bingo is free and registration is required. Movie Matinee: Jan. 5, Streetcar Named Desire, 1 p.m., Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. Pizza and Movie: Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Jan. 11-Feb. 22: Tai Chi with Marcia Gobeil, 1-2 p.m., 6 week series for $30. Register with payment by Jan. 4 or until class is full. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: Jan. 17, $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Stroke Prevention and Education: Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Spring 2017: Mississippi River Cruise, Apr. 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. COA: Jan. 10. Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minutes for $10 Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Jan. 17, 1 p.m. Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Jan. 13, Feb. 10, Mar. 10, and Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon John Hicklen: Jan. 10, 10 a.m.-noon, free 20 minute financial consultations. Fallon Insurance: Jan. 17, 10 a.m. ACTIVITY CORNER Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. (Nov. 3, cancelled). Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Mondays and Wednesdays, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 Jan. 9: Hunt for the Wilderpeople Jan. 23: Wild Oats Jan. 30: Fathers & Daughters UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events Jan. 2-6: The Center will be closed for carpet installation Jan. 11, Feb. 8, March 15, April 5: Memoir Writing Class, 10-11:30 a.m., $20 for all 4 sessions, space is limited call to sign up. Jan. 13,20: The Journey A Memory Cafe, 9:30 a.m.- 2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Jan. 19: Lunch and Learn, 11:15 a.m. Jan. 23: National Pie Day, $2 Jan. 26: National Blueberry Pancake Day, 9 a.m., cost $3 Jan. 27: AMP Reunion Jan. 30: National Yodeling Day, Lunch at 11:30 a.m., call or sign up at the front desk, cost $5. Jan. 30, Feb. 1: Water Color Class with Joyce emerle, 12:30-3 p.m., material list available at front desk, $80 for 8 weeks Scantic River Artisans: exhibiting local creativity, Gala Opening Exhibit Jan. 21, 4-7 p.m., light refreshments will be served, 104 Allen St, Hampden, to sign up for this event please call 413-566-5588, for additional information please leave a message on 413-205-7985. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net 2017 Possibilities: Let Bobbi know your favorites: Apr.: Maple and Butterflies, brunch at Parkers Maple Barn, Sugar House Tour, Corn Cob gift shop, indoor Garden Butterfly Place, Bolton Orchards, $67/pp. May, 25: The Gatlin Bros. Indian Ranch, Webster, Ma, BBQ Lunch, reserve show seats, $89/pp. June 15: Doo-Wop Revue with The Corvettes, Delicious Family Style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, hi energy show, door prizes, and dancing, $77/pp. June 25: Cape Cod canal Cruise, lunch, Dixie Land Band on board, $? 3rd week in July: Barge on Potter Pond, So. Kingstown, RI, lunch at Cap'n Jacks, Narragansett Pier Marketplace, $89/pp. 2nd week in Aug.: Hall of Fame at Patriot Place, interactive exhibits, Gillette Stadium/Gift Shop, lunch at Lucianos, free time at Wrentham Outlets, $69/pp. Aug. 22: Newport Playhouse, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept.: Blue Man Group, sat matinee, lunch at Maggian Little Italy, hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $? Sept: Thimble Island Cruise, USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, waterfront lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated cruise, $73/pp. max 48 passangers. Oct.: Cranberries and Foliage, lunch on Plymouth Harbor at Taven on the Wharf, Bog Tour at A D Makepeace, Tihonet Village Market, $79/pp. Oct. 25: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, dinner on board, visit Anheuser Busch Brewery, $86/pp., max 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, complimentary glass of wine or beer, Vegas style show, door prizes, $76/pp. Danbury Mall Shopping: date ?, lunch on own, $? Mohegan Sun Casino: date ?, Flanders Market for lunch, free, time at casino, $?. TRAVEL CLUB May 18, 2017: London and Paris. Jun. 2017: Northern California, trains and wineries. Sep. 8, 2017: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27, 2017: Hawaii. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Activity Volunteers Wanted: We are looking for volunteers to help set up and run the following activities: chair volleyball, bean bag baseball and ladder toss. If interested, please see Carla for details. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Mon. Nov. 14, 1-3p.m. and Wed. Nov. 23, 9-11 a.m. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesday and Thursdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: Deb Stroetzel, from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: Jan. 25, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: Jan. 25, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thurs. of each month 10:30 a.m. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: Jan. 17 , from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: Jan. 18, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Jan. 27, 8:30 a.m. in Ludlow. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m., Jan. 11. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. SPECIAL EVENTS Jan. 10: Paraffin Was Hand Treatments, 1 p.m., preregistration is required, free Jan. 18: Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. Jan. 20: Trivia, 10:30 A.M. Jan. 25: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill 9:30 a.m. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. Jan. 9: Florence Foster Jenkins Jan. 23: A Man Called Ove Jan. 30: Southside With You MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. Jan. 5: Night At The Opera Jan. 19: Words and Music TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS DAYTIME SPECIAL EVENTS Anyone Interested: Are you interested in line dancing classes or would like to just dance with others? Let us know if Thursdays after 1:15 p.m. work. Also, we have a few people looking to play Mah jongg. If you want to learn or play casually, let us know what days and times work best for you. Mindfulness Meditation: Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, 9 a.m., $3 a session, see Sarah for details. Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; womens billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, 1-4 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Photo Club: Join us on the first Friday of each month, 1:30-3:30 p.m., a place for photographers of all levels to share their work. Mystery Book Club: Creative Writing: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon, Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Fridays, 9 a.m.-noon, by appointment only Landscape for Life: fee based classes begin in October, open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Artist of the Month: Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. On Break for Nov. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Chair Volleyball Returns: Join us Tuesday afternoons at 2 p.m. Tap Classes: Many levels of tap taught by Carol Butler Watelet will be offered on Wednesday and Thursdays. Upcoming Events DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 Jan. 21, 2017: Beautiful, The Carole King Musical, The Bushnell Theater in CT., prior to the show we will enjoy lunch at The Chowder Pot in Hartford, cost $143. Deadline to sign up is Jan. 9. Save the Date: June 2017, The Tall Ships come to Boston. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat. Aug. 20, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June). WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; computer tutor, 11 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; dancing with Joan, 11 a.m.; duplicate bridge , noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); pitch, 1 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; digital photography 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; third year tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; second year tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free tips to Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. Line Dancing: every Thursday at 1 p.m., cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. Foxwoods: Jan. 17., $27 per person, and includes round trip motor coach, bonus package and gratuity, 8 a.m. pick up at the corner of Main and Bridge St, returning home by 6 p.m. Make checks payable to Friends of the Palmer Senior Center, no refunds. Zoo On The Go: Jan. 18, Forest Park Zoo, 12:30 p.m., free. Caring For Your Feet: Dr. Lauren Peria will give a presentation about foot health and prevention, 12:15 p.m. Regift Day: Jan. 11, 12:15 p.m., did you get a gift that you really didn't like or need for Christmas? Bring your gift in and we will swap gifts and maybe you will get something you like. Soup Swap: Jan. 19, noon. Come and enjoy soup, salad and fresh break. Please bring 2 quarts of your favorite homemade soups to share along with a copy of the reciepe, there will be a prize for the best tasting soup. Hand Wax Paraffin: Night Time Pitch: Jan. 19, 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30 Jan. 9: 12:30 p.m., Me Before You Jan. 23: My Big Fat Greek Wedding Month of January 2017 Calendar Raffle: will go on sale in November, they make great gifts for only $5 and you have 31 chances to win. Book Club, 2nd Wed. of the month : Jan. 11, 1:30 p.m., Todd Smola: Jan. 9, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: Jan. 11, 12:30 p.m. TRIPS March 14: Saint Patrick Lunch and show, Aqua Turf Club and a family style luncheon, $85. May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3, 2017, the center will help fill out the application for passport form, deadline is Dec. 1. June: Ogunquit, ME, in the planning stage, playhouse and dinner along the ocean at fosters. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: Jan. 9, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: Jan. 5, by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: Jan. 12, 11:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: Jan. 5,19, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: Jan. 10, 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon. and Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: Jan. 13, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Jan. 24 , 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no can 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Line Dancing: Every Thur., 1 p.m. Book Club: Every 2nd Wed. of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Depot Group: call center for information Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: Friday's 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructior. Line Dancing: Thursdays 1 p.m. cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. SPECIAL EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: introductory Tai Chi, 9:30.; Tai Chi, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, noon; drumming, 1 p.m. Tuesdays: Greenfield shopping trip; Veteran's agent, 9-11 a.m.; computer lab open on various topics, 9-11a.m., preregistration required.; exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, noon. Wednesdays: In town shopping; Yoga, 8:30 a.m., tai chi in Ashfield, 9:30 a.m., healthy bones/balance, 10 a.m. Thursday: Yoga, 8:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9 a.m.; healthy bones/balance in Ashfield, 9:30 a.m., exercise, 10 a.m.; knitting 10:30 a.m.; bingo, 12:15 p.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. Nurse: Available at Deerfield Town Hall Wednesdays, Nov. 23,10 a.m.-2 p.m., no appointment needed. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Balance In Motion: Oct. 7-Jan. 27, 2017, 9:30-10:30, a gentle form of exercise for body and mind, offered to those 55 years of age and up, please call 413-665-2141 to sign up or for more information. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. TRAVEL CLUB Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video U.S. Politics Home» News» World Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off the roof on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/AP) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off the roof on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/AP) severe weather Crews assess damage after deadly tornadoes, floods kill five in U.S. Add to ... Jeff Amy The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Jan. 03, 2017 9:47AM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 03, 2017 11:08AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the centre’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Raw footage of Toronto panda playing with snowman (The Associated Press)   More Related to this Story 8It’s time to confront the exploitation of B.C.’s environment Gwyn Morgan Three post-truths about global energy and climate change UNITED STATES Bad weather prevents search of Lake Erie for plane carrying six people Topics Mississippi State of Georgia Houston, Texas Louisiana Florida Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita Falls, TX: News, Weather, Sports. ABC, 24/7, Telemundo - Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Ultimate Women’s Gift Package Ultimate Men's Gift Package News Local News Oklahoma Headlines National Viral News International Tech Political Stories from the Associated Press A Child Who Hopes Entertainment CNN Videos Recalls Weather My SkyWarn 7 Radar Online 24/7 Live Streaming Weather Video 5th Season Weather FAQ Sports High School Sports Cameron Oklahoma Sports Headlines National Sports OU OSU OKC Thunder Texas Sports Headlines Cowboys Rangers Video 7 News Video On Demand Viral News Medwatch Medwatch Articles Medwatch Videos MedWatch Blog Business Community Lifestyle Lost and Found 7News Editorial What's On Programming Schedule 7-Too Programming guide Telemundo Program Guide abc.com About Us On-Air Staff Bios KSWO-TV Coverage Map KSWO Job Listings EEO Report Closed Captioning on KSWO 7 News 7News app update How to use the SkyWARN 7 weather app Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms 2017-01-03T23:38:45Z2017-01-03T23:38:45Z ADVERTISEMENT Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South More Slideshow: Slideshow: Severe storms slam South (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Also on the WebMore>> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. National, world weatherWeather and disaster coverageMore>> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern): By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern): Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Ice buildups of one-quarter to slightly less than a half inch were expected late Saturday and Sunday morning from southeastern Kansas to central Missouri. Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts. Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Posted: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT The World Cup men's downhill on the classic Lauberhorn course Saturday has been canceled due to heavy snowfall and fog. The World Cup men's circuit lost one of its defining races Saturday when heavy snowfall forced the classic Lauberhorn downhill to be canceled. Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain moved into the southern Plains early Friday, creating icy condition that prompted flight cancellations and school closures as forecasters warned that the weather could cripple the region through the... A thick glaze of ice covered roads from Oklahoma to southern Illinois on Friday amid a winter storm that caused numerous wrecks, forced school cancellations, grounded flights and prompted dire warnings for people to stay...    MoreMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 1:46 AM EST2017-01-03 06:46:35 GMT (Source: WALB) There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia. There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia. Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night. At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night. Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world. Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.    TornadoesMore>> Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story The latest storm to wallop Northern California whipped up a small tornado that downed trees and fences near Sacramento. In a story Jan. 11 about a tornado in Northern California, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the tornado was south of Sacramento. It was actually north of Sacramento. Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Posted: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Updated: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Authorities urged thousands of people in Northern California to evacuate homes as rivers swollen by four days of heavy rain threatened to crest above flood level, even as another day of showers was forecast for... Rescue workers used boats and firetrucks to evacuate dozens of Northern California residents from their flooded homes Wednesday as a drought-busting series of storms began to move out of the region after days of heavy rain... NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS Updated: Thursday, January 5 2017 9:44 AM EST2017-01-05 14:44:25 GMT Tornado damage in Mt. Olive, Mississippi. Source: WDAM The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday.  The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday.  Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four... breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.    InternationalMore>> Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said England's decision to leave the European Union would "end up being a great thing" and predicted the bloc would... Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said Britain's decision to leave the European Union would "end up being a great thing" and predicted the bloc would continue to... Gambia president says country must wait for court decision Gambia president says country must wait for court decision A Senegal official says the West African country is hosting Gambia's president-elect Adama Barrow until his inauguration on Thursday. Gambia's president said late Sunday that he has filed an injunction to restrict president-elect Adama Barrow from taking office Thursday and to bar other parties from swearing the opposition coalition leader in,... Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence Police in Brazil have entered two prisons in the country's northern state of Rio Grande do Norte where a riot left at least 10 inmates dead on Saturday, authorities said Sunday. Twenty-six inmates were killed in eruptions of violence inside two prisons in northern Brazil, officials said Sunday as they quelled the latest in a string of jail disturbances across the country in which more than 100... Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election. Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election. World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state. Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...    Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern stormsMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday. NationalMore>> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law. Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies... PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said. A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.    Can't Find Something? 1401 SE 60th Street Lawton, OK 73501 (580) 355-7000 FCC Public File nbowers@kswo.com (580) 355-7000 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Tuesday 10 January, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battl... Trending Topics: -Demonetisation - Donald Trump - India v/s England Cricket - South Asia - Elections After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battle ahead GOP anxiety mounts over voiding health law without own plan In final speech, Obama must reconcile his hopes with Trump's Taiwan's president arrives to attend Nicaraguan inauguration Militants attack checkpoint in Egypt's Sinai, killing 8 Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Tue, Jan 3rd, 2017 Latest Stories / World | By New Delhi Times Bureau Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states Share This Tags A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News After Sinai attack, Egypt leader says tough battle ahead GOP anxiety mounts over voiding health law without own plan In final speech, Obama must reconcile his hopes with Trump’s Taiwan’s president arrives to attend Nicaraguan inauguration Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages New formula could facilitate India’s NSG entry Security Council resolution reveals UN hypocrisy News Release Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Reviews Auto Shows News Culture Adventure Video Commuting Commentary Technology Accessories Home» Globe Drive» Culture» Accessories Rain-X defog (Joanne Elves/The Globe and Mail) Rain-X defog (Joanne Elves/The Globe and Mail) Gadget Are anti-fog products worth the effort? Add to ... JOANNE ELVES Special to The Globe and Mail Published Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016 5:00AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016 12:32PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Rain-X and Tune It! anti-fog liquids Available at: Automotive-supply stores Price: 4.99 and up For the sake of science, we tested Rain-X and Tune It! anti-fog liquids from Wal-Mart on the bathroom mirror and the results were a little hazy. A mirror was sectioned into quarters for tests of both products, with a cleaned strip and a second section left untouched. Following the directions on the bottles, the remaining quarters were cleaned and all lint removed. Then, the anti-fog products were applied and rubbed in until they dried. The mirror was also buffed with a clean cloth. We then ran a hot shower to build up enough fog on the mirror. The part that wasn’t cleaned was extremely foggy. The section that was cleaned with window cleaner was noticeably less foggy and the sections with the anti-fog applications were not foggy. But, for both, it was wet and blurry, so that if you were to drive, your vision would be impaired. After a second shower, the application wasn’t even apparent. Testing them on the backseat window in the car wasn’t a good idea. The window looked like it was covered in plastic wrap and little fingers saw that as a vertical puddle to play in. The best method is simple: Keep the window clean of haze to leave fewer particles for moisture to cling to and give your car a chance to warm up before hitting the road. Sign up for our newly-designed weekly newsletter Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and Twitter Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeDrive Also on The Globe and Mail The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 (The Globe and Mail)   More Related to this Story Gadget An environmentally-friendly, waterless wash in winter Reader survey: What do you think will be the dominant recurring automotive story in 2017? Gadget Google Maps app gets a refresh Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram Report on Business Are mortgage rates set to rise? Three indicators to watch ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Globe Drive is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
The Mississippi Link Keepers Of The Knowledge For People Who Speak The Truth Since 1993 Home About Us News Briefs News Auto News The Buzz Police Report Buzz Report Buzz Report Videos youReport youReport: Submit your report Opinion Columns Editorials Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter To The Editor Sports Sports News Videos Entertainment Entertainment News Videos Business Business News Videos Education Education News Video Fine Arts Religion Religion News Videos Obituaries/Deaths Obituaries/Deaths News Videos Health Health News Videos Family Medicine Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery e-Edition Subscribe Home Delivery Payments Advertise Payments Media Kit Contact Us South bracing for more severe storms, rain January 3, 2017 in News By JEFF AMY People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency.  Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Like this: Like Loading... Related Tags: mississippi, severe storms No Comments » ← Change of venue sought on charges related to police killings Police: Father killed, son injured in Jackson shooting → Leave a Reply Cancel reply News Videos LATEST Glaucoma Awareness Month Press "Play" Button below: View the e-Edition online Click above to view the e-Edition Recent Comments Phyllis Anderson Cook on A Byte Out of History: Murder and the Dixie Mafia June on Jabberwock 2016: Essence of Beauty and Grace to showcase youth DEBRA FOSTER GREENE on Baptists plan to renovate seminary John Bevys on CEO of Mississippi-based company chosen for White House Business Council   Gabriel Paul Dennis on Fight to change state flag continues Events•Happenings Mississippi Link Newspaper Copyright © 2012 The Mississippi Link. Website developed by Ross Publishing & Design %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← SKorean president refuses to testify in impeachment trial Republicans primed for push to dismantle Obama’s policies → South bracing for more severe storms, rain Posted on January 3, 2017 by Sunfire Mail.com At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.”   In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. https://www.mail.com/news/politics/4870546-south-bracing-severe-storms-rain.html#.7518-stage-hero1-1 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 320 ← SKorean president refuses to testify in impeachment trial Republicans primed for push to dismantle Obama’s policies → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Angel-NYC on Texas cattle fever tick update: More infested premises in Live Oak County KOYOTE on Cutting Cash Would Be A Boon For The World’s Poor Clarioncaller on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed FarBeyondBitter on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy FarBeyondBitter on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Bullwinkle on Police fatally shoot man with screwdriver in Queens, NYPD says TheRev on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer ed lown on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars evilbughead on Why Was MacArthur Brought Out of Retirement? koyote on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed kender on My Dog has an addiction. Charles q on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy Andrew on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Nailbanger on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars GrinNBarrett on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 42 minutes ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 15 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 16 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 59 minutes ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Conestoga Insurance Has Your Business Covered Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Total Bath & Plumbing Centre Home News World Quick decisions meant life or death in Alabama... | Jan 03, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Quick decisions meant life or death in Alabama storm Mississippi Elijah Baylis,The Associated Press Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeastern Alabama made a life-or-death decision. Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled near Rehobeth, Alabama, on Monday night during a wave of severe weather, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot. "It was dead centre," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and a fifth man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts have visited the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon after flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partly submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 100 millimetres of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 200 millimetres of rain since Saturday. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the centre's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today Kick off the Holiday Season in The City The crisp December air, much like the last falling of the leaves, reminds us that the festive... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Reliable limousine service ensures your wedding goes off without a hitch Boulevard Limousine in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario, is into its third decade of offering the area a... Regular or heavy, Becker Bros. can tow it Towing — it’s what the Becker Bros. of Kitchener are famous for. Whether you require a tow because... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... Same great practice but new location for local chiropractic clinic Rockway Chiropractic Clinic in Kitchener has been helping patients in a big way for more than 21... Retirement planning: Your path to a financially comfortable retirement Retirement planning is something that’s best started in the early part of your working years, but... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... A small business owner’s guide to new payment technology For many Canadians, cash is no longer king. Increasingly, consumers are choosing the ease,... Celebrate Canada’s game in Toronto If you’re a hockey fan, Toronto is the place to be. Not only is the city home to the Original Six... Summer tips for home and auto insurance — and safety James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge understands first-hand that if you love the idea of... The Auto Insurance Consumers’ Bill of Rights: Why it’s important to you Abstract Car Sales in Kitchener brings our attention to some important information concerning the... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Big Brothers Big Sisters Big Brothers Big Sisters of Waterloo Region in Cambridge, partner mentors with children to help... Invest in people to improve your company’s bottom line Energy efficiency projects live or die on the knowledge and skills of the people involved. In many... Find the perfect home security solution with AHS Security Systems For only the best in home security, homeowners in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and Guelph turn to... Cellulite is no match for effective clinic treatment Cellulite is a source of anxiety for many people, but Couture Laser Clinic in Guelph is your... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE WORLD Israel says Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Israel, Palestinians, urged to talk Stopped train triggers major political row in Balkans PreviousNext Complete reptile fossil ‘important find’ Syria rebels suspend talks over alleged truce violations The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 1:38 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:38 PM EST (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a s... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves ac... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the ... (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across t... U.S. & World NewsMore>> Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:39 GMT Donald Trump's feud with civil rights icon John Lewis is highlighting the president-elect's willingness to attack any and all political rivals even with his inauguration less than a week away.More >> The outgoing CIA director charged on Sunday that Donald Trump lacks a full understanding of the threat Moscow poses to the United States, delivering a public lecture to the president-elect that further highlighted the...More >> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:11 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:56 PM EST2017-01-16 01:56:14 GMT This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> This time it was a catch, and another win for the Green Bay Packers.More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:23 GMT The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion...More >> The gap between the super-rich and the poorest half of the global population is starker than previously thought, with just eight men, from Bill Gates to Michael Bloomberg, owning as much wealth as 3.6 billion people,...More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:26 PM EST2017-01-15 21:26:03 GMT Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> Facebook says it's introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election.More >> World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace World diplomats tell Trump, Israel: Mideast needs peace Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:16 PM EST2017-01-15 21:16:11 GMT More than 70 world diplomats are gathering in Paris to urge renewed Middle East peace talks that would lead to a Palestinian state.More >> Sending a forceful message to Israel's prime minister and the incoming Trump administration, dozens of countries called Sunday on Israel and the Palestinians to revive work toward long-elusive peace - including an...More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >>    By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:37 GMT A third wave of sleet and drizzle could hit parts of the central U.S. on the eve of the holiday, and temperatures threaten to stay near or below freezing and add to the treacherous mix.More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:06 PM EST2017-01-16 01:06:17 GMT Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:15 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-15 20:36:11 GMT Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:04 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:58 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather The Latest: Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma deal with icy weather Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:46 AM EST2017-01-15 16:46:58 GMT The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> The Latest on ice storms in the central U.S. (all times local):More >> Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:45 AM EST2017-01-15 15:45:59 GMT Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >> Goodbye to death-defying feats - daring young men (and women) on the flying trapeze, whip-wielding lion tamers, human cannonballs. Goodbye to the scent of peanuts and popcorn, the thrill of three rings, the jaunty...More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next At least five dead as storms sweep the South and more rain is expected today Five people have died after severe storms that swept the South on Monday Four people died in Rehobeth, Alabama when a tree fell on their mobile home William Patrick Corley, 70, was found dead in flood waters near his travel trailer in Mossy Head, Florida   The storms also produced reports of tornadoes in  parts of Mississippi  More rainfall is expected for Tuesday in southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle   By Associated Press and Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 06:53 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 09:40 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail 32 shares 8 View comments Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people - believed to be friends - were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on a mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. William Patrick Corley, 70, was also found dead in flood waters near his Mossy Head, Florida travel trailer yesterday. Scroll down for video  Five people have died so far in severe storms that ripped through the South on Monday. Above, emergency responders at the scene where four people died in Rehobeth, Alabama on Monday, after a tree fell on a mobile home  Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered 'prayers for those impacted.' In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. 'There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,' said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as three inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. There were several reports of tornadoes in Mississippi in the storms, including in Mount Olive. Above, people gather at the scene of the former Miller home in Mount Olive on Monday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area on Monday  Damaging winds, hail and flash flooding swept through the South on Monday.  Above, debris from a suspected tornado in Mount Olive, Mississippi on Monday Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Mississippi, took of the roof on Monday State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. 'Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,' Bordelon said. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Four dead after storms and tornadoes wreak havoc across the... The terrifying power of mega tsunamis: Video reveals how a... Elon Musk's SpaceX blames a fault in helium canister for... Partygoers are terrified as they spot a UFO hovering above... Share this article Share 32 shares Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. More rainfall is expected for Tuesday in southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle  Above, Tuesday morning's storm watches for parts of the Southeast United States  In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than four inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates.  Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than eight inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Read more: Walton County drowning victim identified Share or comment on this article e-mail 32 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (8) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga 'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
CLOSE Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive GR EditionUS Edition Newspaper Stands Sign in Subscribe Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Week's Paper | NY 30 F | Athens 44 F | EUR → USD 1.07 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Home USA General News Storms Kill Four, Damage Buildings Across Southern States USA General News Storms Kill Four, Damage Buildings Across Southern States By Associated Press - January 3, 2017 0 85 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Jan. 2 killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Jan. 3 for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Jan. 2 when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County Sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Jan. 3, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Jan. 3, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than four inches of rain, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than eight inches of rain since Dec. 31. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ By JEFF AMY. AP writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed Previous articleSpaceX Finds Rocket Explosion Source, Plans New Launch Next articleTrump Blames China Over North Korea Nuclear Program Associated Press RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR General News Johnny Depp, Amber Heard Divorce Finalized General News Feds Cite Chicago Police Brutality General News Ice Storms Freeze Up Central US NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Fr. Luke Melackrinos Suspended from St. Paul’s Cathedral in Hempstead Turkey Detains Nine Colonels On Cyprus For Ties to US Cleric Gulen TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Kardamyli: Agamemnon’s Gift to Achilles and the Muses’ Gift to Us Obama Not Going Away Quietly, Ending With Full-Court Press Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Classifieds Opinions Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH © Copyright 2015-16 - The National Herald, Inc
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Winter Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NationNews Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Updated January 3, 2017 3:43 PM By The Associated Press Reprints + - More rain is expected in the Deep South on Tuesday, after severe storms killed four people in Alabama on Monday. Heavy rain is hitting the region, with some of the worst flooding in southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. (Jan. 3) advertisement | advertise on newsday As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. Most popular Nation stories Teacher gets 10 years for sex with 13-year-old student Va. man uses 300,000 pennies to pay sales tax to DMV Megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal dies from cancer 'Momma' charged with stealing daughter at birth Central U.S. hit by ice storm, causing numerous accidents The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four and a fifth man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. NationFlooding pictures from around the U.S. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. advertisement | advertise on newsday Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. advertisement | advertise on newsday Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" — the most severe category — according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage 31 people Trump may pick, has picked for Cabinet, top jobs Supermoons around the world Trump's noteworthy tweets as president-elect Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes CareerBuilder Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Winter Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Annual archive Subscribe Leaders Run-DMC sue Amazon and Walmart in $50m TM claim 03-01-2017 Ira Bostic / Shutterstock.com Other related Deadmau5 files TM cancellation suit over ‘Meowingtons’ 03-01-2017 PRS for Music reveals anti-piracy success 11-08-2016 Fender’s Stratocaster lawsuit ‘corporate greed’, says rival 21-10-2015 Hip-hop group Run-DMC have taken on Amazon.com and Walmart in a $50 million trademark infringement claim. To continue reading, you need a subscription to WIPR. Start a subscription to WIPR for £455. In-house feature articles, the archive and expert comment require a paid subscription. Subscribe now. Want to give it a try? We are offering a two week free trial to the WIPR website – register and select “Free Trial” to begin access to the full WIPR archive and read the latest news, features and expert comment. Begin your free trial here. Is your 2 week free trial about to end? Upgrade to a 12 month subscription for £455 now. If you have already subscribed please login. If you have any technical issues please email tech support. RUN-DMC, music, trademark, trademark infringement, Amazon, Walmart, online counterfeits, Editor's Picks Most read Nokia squares off against Apple in series of patent suits Australia should adopt fair use exception, says Productivity Commission Best practices for IPR proceedings and real party in interest Taobao named on USTR’s 2016 Notorious Markets list Teaching robots copyright Google faces fraud accusations over ‘Content ID’ trademark Viacom claims victory in Spongebob Squarepants TM spat The Carpenters sue Universal Music Group in unpaid royalties suit Jo Johnson chosen as new UK IP minister Maria Pallante to head Association of American Publishers Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
Sunday, January 15, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Nevada Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Matt Youmans Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News The Auto Mag Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » News » Nation and World $1 can buy you a home in...George Lucas’ $1 billion...     Posted January 3, 2017 - 2:40am Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Mississippi, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Severe storms sweep across South, more expected Tuesday Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) By JEFF AMY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. $1 can buy you a home in...George Lucas’ $1 billion...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Crash that killed actress Carole Lombard, 21 others near Las Vegas still echoes after 75 years Another wave of conventions prepares to hit Las Vegas Las Vegas officer struck, dragged by vehicle during traffic stop At Las Vegas Strip hotel, virtual ‘employee’ Rose will guide you, maybe flirt with you Rock slide closes Zion’s Scenic Drive Columnists Features Inside Gaming Inventor suggests embedding slots with player-friendly images   Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: Donald Trump has not yet been sworn in and the honeymoon has already come and gone   Steve Sebelius Who will Democrats pick to run for governor in 2018?   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Donald Trump and a comprehensive plan to end the country’s illegal immigration problem   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 15 MON 16 TUE 17 WED 18 THU 19 FRI 20 SAT 21 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News South Bracing for More Severe Storms, Rain US News South Bracing for More Severe Storms, Rain By Associated Press | January 3, 2017 AT 5:47 AM Last Updated: January 3, 2017 9:15 am Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, on Jan. 2, 2017. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Editor’s Picks The Disease of Struggle Why Economists Can’t Get It Right Daoyong Zheng: Finding Grace and Compassion Through an Affinity for Dance Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsPolice: 2 Adults Hurt in Stabbing at School Soccer FieldFormer Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at 7311,000 Without Power in Oklahoma After Ice StormCutest Captain: Sea Lion Caught in Fishing Gear Hops on Boat Latest in US US News Police: 2 Adults Hurt in Stabbing at School Soccer Field US News Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at 73 Crime and Incidents Arrest Made After Teenager’s Burned Body Found in Oklahoma Crime and Incidents Man on FBI’s 10 Most-Wanted List Arrested in Texas US News 11,000 Without Power in Oklahoma After Ice Storm Crime and Incidents Sherri Papini Appears at Her Home in N. California US News Cutest Captain: Sea Lion Caught in Fishing Gear Hops on Boat Politics Trump, Pence Respond to John Lewis’s Statements That He Won’t Attend Inauguration Crime and Incidents Woman Shot by Police After Officers Find 3 Bodies at Home × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SEC Coverage SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms 2017-01-03T23:38:45Z2017-01-03T23:38:45Z ADVERTISEMENT Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South More Slideshow: Slideshow: Severe storms slam South (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP). Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP). Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Links Mentioned on WAFBMore>> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. More >> Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.More >> By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four ran in the opposite direction to another room seeking safety. The three, including Lawana Henrich, survived without a scratch, according to Coroner Robert Byrd. But a big hardwood tree that slammed into the mobile home killed the four others, including Henrich's daughter and sister, Byrd said. The tree toppled over during a wave of severe weather that brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast, and it couldn't have hit in a worse spot when it fell Monday night near Rehobeth, Alabama. "It was dead center," Byrd said. "You think, 'What's the chance of four people being so close in one area?' But they were." Those four, a woman in Georgia, and a man who drowned in the Florida Panhandle died as a line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Southeastern United States from Texas. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won't be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Byrd, coroner in Houston County, Alabama, said Michelle Lewis, 53, died along with her niece, 27-year-old Amanda Blair. Lewis was Henrich's sister and Blair was Henrich's daughter, Byrd said; both victims lived in the trailer where they died, he said. Byrd said the storm also killed two family friends, Terina Brookshire, 51, of Hartford, Alabama, and Carla Lambart, 53, who was originally from Opp, Alabama. Byrd said Henrich, her husband and another man survived without injuries. Lawana Henrich saw a weather alert on television and heard the roar of a storm, and then told the others to seek shelter, he said. "She said it was just a matter of seconds when that tree fell," Byrd said. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff's Office said the body of William Patrick Corley, 70, was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley's car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff's office said Corley's death was under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. In Georgia, Albany Fire Chief Ron Rowe said one woman died as the result of an approximately 1-mile-wide "violent" storm that swept through the area about 11 p.m. Monday, 30 minutes or so after a tornado warning had been issued. Rowe said he did not have details on her death, and her identity has not been released. In addition to the death, Rowe said more than 1,000 homes were damaged, including four that caught fire. He says the storm also knocked down multiple trees and that it may take four or five days to remove all of the debris. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from coastal Mississippi through eastern Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in "exceptional drought" - the most severe category - according to the center's most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. National, world weatherWeather and disaster coverageMore>> The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:16 PM EST2017-01-16 02:16:12 GMT By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> By The Associated Press The Latest on the NFL's divisional playoffs Sunday. (all times Eastern):More >> Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:36 PM EST2017-01-16 01:36:39 GMT Ice buildups of one-quarter to slightly less than a half inch were expected late Saturday and Sunday morning from southeastern Kansas to central Missouri. More >> Sleet and drizzle glazed swaths of the central U.S. on Sunday, extending icy weather that some meteorologists acknowledged fell short of dire forecasts.More >> Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Viral videos: Obviously, polar bears are fans of snow Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:19 AM EST2017-01-15 16:19:21 GMT Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow. More >> Zoos are full of animals that like the cold, so when snow descends on a zoo that houses animals that can tolerate the cold weather, we get a gift in the form of animals flipping out over snow.More >> Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Heavy snow forces cancellation of men's downhill at Wengen Posted: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT Updated: Saturday, January 14 2017 12:35 PM EST2017-01-14 17:35:25 GMT The World Cup men's downhill on the classic Lauberhorn course Saturday has been canceled due to heavy snowfall and fog.More >> The World Cup men's circuit lost one of its defining races Saturday when heavy snowfall forced the classic Lauberhorn downhill to be canceled.More >> Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain causes accidents, closures in southern Plains Freezing rain moved into the southern Plains early Friday, creating icy condition that prompted flight cancellations and school closures as forecasters warned that the weather could cripple the region through the...More >> A thick glaze of ice covered roads from Oklahoma to southern Illinois on Friday amid a winter storm that caused numerous wrecks, forced school cancellations, grounded flights and prompted dire warnings for people to stay...More >>    MoreMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA PHOTOS: Storm damage throughout Southwest GA Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 1:46 AM EST2017-01-03 06:46:35 GMT (Source: WALB) There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia.More >> There have been several reports of storm damage throughout Southwest Georgia.More >> Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Slideshow: Wildfires in Smoky Mountains force thousands to flee Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people. More >> Wildfires in the Smoky Mountains near Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge have forced roughly 14,000 people to evacuate and killed at least three people.More >> Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South Slideshow: Storms prove deadly in South At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night.More >> At least five people are dead after a line of storms slammed into the South Tuesday night.More >> Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Slideshow: Supermoon around the world Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.More >> Monday morning, the supermoon was the closest full moon to Earth since 1948, and another like it won't occur until 2034. Check out these supermoon photos from around the world.More >>    TornadoesMore>> Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story Correction: California Tornado-Q&A story The latest storm to wallop Northern California whipped up a small tornado that downed trees and fences near Sacramento.More >> In a story Jan. 11 about a tornado in Northern California, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the tornado was south of Sacramento. It was actually north of Sacramento.More >> Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Flooded California residents rescued as major storms recede Posted: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Updated: Wednesday, January 11 2017 10:03 PM EST2017-01-12 03:03:48 GMT Authorities urged thousands of people in Northern California to evacuate homes as rivers swollen by four days of heavy rain threatened to crest above flood level, even as another day of showers was forecast for...More >> Rescue workers used boats and firetrucks to evacuate dozens of Northern California residents from their flooded homes Wednesday as a drought-busting series of storms began to move out of the region after days of heavy rain...More >> NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS NWS: 7 tornadoes touched down in MS Updated: Thursday, January 5 2017 9:44 AM EST2017-01-05 14:44:25 GMT Tornado damage in Mt. Olive, Mississippi. Source: WDAM The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday. More >> The National Weather Service has determined that seven tornadoes struck Mississippi counties during severe weather Monday. More >> Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Quick decisions meant life or death in Southeastern storms Posted: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 6:38 PM EST2017-01-03 23:38:45 GMT The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. More >> By JAY REEVES Associated Press As an apparent tornado bore down on them, seven people in a mobile home in southeast Alabama made a life-or-death decision: Three ran into one bathroom for shelter and four...More >> breaking 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama 4 killed by apparent tornado in south Alabama Updated: Tuesday, January 3 2017 10:17 AM EST2017-01-03 15:17:22 GMT (Source: Rickey Stokes News) Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency. More >> Four people were killed by an apparent tornado in the south Alabama town of Rehobeth Monday night, according to the Houston County Emergency Management Agency.More >>    Inside WAFBMore>> Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Slideshow: Severe storms slam South Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> Severe storms brought heavy rain, strong wind and possible tornadoes to the South on Monday, taking at least five lives. More storms are forecast for Tuesday.More >> NationalMore>> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law.More >> Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies...More >> PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said.More >> 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,...More >> Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze.More >> Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >> A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money More >> The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real moneyMore >> US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act More >> The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air ActMore >> Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom More >> President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of FreedomMore >> Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government More >> The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal governmentMore >> Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... More >> Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...More >> Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Trump denounces 'disgrace' of reports of Russian ties to him Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been released More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday adamantly denied reports that Russia had compromising personal and financial information about him, calling it a "tremendous blot" on the intelligence community if material with any such allegations had been releasedMore >> Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Trump talks about replacement for Obamacare Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare.  More >> Donald Trump on Wednesday outlined a repeal and replace plan for Obamacare. More >> Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride Obama returns to White House after final Air Force One ride President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nation More >> President Barack Obama didn't just say farewell to the nationMore >> 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech 'Yes we did' - Obama bids farewell in nostalgic last speech President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald Trump More >> President Barack Obama bid farewell to the nation on Tuesday in an emotional speech that sought to comfort a country on edge over rapid economic changes, persistent security threats and the election of Donald TrumpMore >> The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life The Latest: Obama says citizens must protect way of life President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the military More >> President Barack Obama says in his farewell address that protecting the nation's way of life is the job of citizens as well as the militaryMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Storms Kill 4, Damage Buildings Across Southern States US News Storms Kill 4, Damage Buildings Across Southern States By Associated Press | January 3, 2017 AT 5:40 AM Last Updated: January 3, 2017 5:40 am People examine a barn that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., on Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Editor’s Picks The Disease of Struggle Why Economists Can’t Get It Right Daoyong Zheng: Finding Grace and Compassion Through an Affinity for Dance Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsFormer Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at 7311,000 Without Power in Oklahoma After Ice StormCutest Captain: Sea Lion Caught in Fishing Gear Hops on BoatWhat You Need to Know Now About the Upcoming Tax Season Latest in US US News Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at 73 Crime and Incidents Arrest Made After Teenager’s Burned Body Found in Oklahoma Crime and Incidents Man on FBI’s 10 Most-Wanted List Arrested in Texas US News 11,000 Without Power in Oklahoma After Ice Storm Crime and Incidents Sherri Papini Appears at Her Home in N. California US News Cutest Captain: Sea Lion Caught in Fishing Gear Hops on Boat Politics Trump, Pence Respond to John Lewis’s Statements That He Won’t Attend Inauguration Crime and Incidents Woman Shot by Police After Officers Find 3 Bodies at Home US News What You Need to Know Now About the Upcoming Tax Season × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 26° F Broken Clouds Hi: 36° F Lo: 14° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Featured: News Links Transfer of Power Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Dispatchers: Injuries reported in 5-car crash January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Emergency crews are responding to the scene of a five-car crash in northeastern Kent County. GRPD investigating after man shot in leg January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Grand Rapids police are investigating after a man with a gunshot wound showed up at a hospital Sunday evening. Trump: Brexit will ‘end up being a great thing’ January 15, 2017 STEVE PEOPLES, Associated Press Obama speaks on Israel, Trump in last White House interview January 15, 2017 VIVIAN SALAMA, Associated Press Police: Teen arrested for stealing 2 cars in Kalamazoo January 15, 2017 24 Hour News 8 web staff Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 26° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:10 AM Sunset: 5:33 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Photo Galleries Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Red Wings Griffins Pistons NCAA Hoops Lions NCAA Football River Bank Run High School Tigers Whitecaps Football Frenzy Latest Headlines Ohio State beats Michigan State for first Big Ten win 6:39 pm “I did not think they’d shoot like that, I’ll be very honest with you,” MSU head coach Tom Izzo said of Ohio State’s performance. Athanasiou, Red Wings rally to rout Penguins January 14, 2017 The Detroit Red Wings had a 6-3 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday night. Jan. 14 high school and college basketball roundup January 14, 2017 Lester hopes to keep Western Michigan rolling January 14, 2017 Hood’s season-high 27 lead Jazz to win over Pistons January 14, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Health and wellness of adolescents: Why they need different care January 13, 2017 Find out the care that your adolescent or young adult may need. Exciting announcements for the 2017 Fifth Third River Bank Run January 13, 2017 Kids run free at this year’s River Bank Run. Inside the Oaks of Rockford January 13, 2017 Grand Rapids RV, Camper and Travel Show coming to DeVos Place January 12, 2017 ‘The Philadelphia Story’ coming to Civic Theater January 12, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines KCAS Pets of the Week: Cody and Polly January 13, 2017 Kent County Animal Shelter pets of the week Cody and Polly are hoping to find new families. Look back at WOOD TV8’s community involvement in 2016 January 12, 2017 WOOD TV8 is getting involved with our community in West Michigan and beyond. Interviews with Metro Health leaders about new Affiliation January 10, 2017 Stick to your goals, change your life with the 68 Day Challenge January 10, 2017 KCAS Pets of the Week: Chloe and Snoopy January 6, 2017 More Blogs Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing Mobile apps and sites About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 26° F Broken Clouds Hi: 36° F Lo: 14° F South bracing for more severe storms after 5 killed JEFF AMY, Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 5:15 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 8:24 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) (AP) — At least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across the Southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into Tuesday moring for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts Death toll in storms sweeping South increases to 5 Winter storm: South braces for snow, sleet and freezing rain Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South Snow storm blankets parts of North Carolina, Virginia Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: “Night Fever” Juice Ball 2017 Photos: Brew Ha-Ha 2017 Photos: Crews pull plane from Murray Lake Photos: Grand Rapids Camper, Travel & RV Show NWS warns of flooding as ice jam clogs Grand River Featured on eightWest Health and wellness of adolescents: Why they need different care Exciting announcements for the 2017 Fifth Third River Bank Run Inside the Oaks of Rockford Grand Rapids RV, Camper and Travel Show coming to DeVos Place ‘The Philadelphia Story’ coming to Civic Theater Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 2000-2017 WOOD Television LLC. A Media General Company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Jobs at WOOD TV8 Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Tragedy becomes hope through a gift of life Updated: 1 min ago A wife’s worst nightmare came true for a young Michigan mother when she learned her husband was killed in a hit-and-run crash. State to consider new sites for National Register of Historic Places 6:57 pm If these properties meet the requirements, their nominations will be sent for final approval to the National Register of Historic Places in … Clarksville police launch investigation after shots fired at cars, home 6:36 pm SC teen abducted as a Florida newborn meets birth parents Updated: 21 mins ago VIDEO: Rehearsal held for Trump inauguration 5:45 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 53° F Overcast Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 48° F Sunrise: 6:56 AM Sunset: 4:55 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Lady Vols not alone this season in honoring Pat Summitt Updated: 33 mins ago Harvard, Kentucky, Vermont and Division II program Metropolitan State of Denver are among the women’s basketball teams that have joined Tenn… JOE BIDDLE: Vols Bone buried Vandy January 14, 2017 Both teams came into this game with 8-8 records. Zach Cunningham declares for NFL draft January 14, 2017 Tennessee, Vanderbilt basketball looking to bounce back January 14, 2017 Preds acquire Cody McLeod in exchange for Felix Girard January 13, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F South bracing for more severe storms, rain The Associated Press Published: January 3, 2017, 2:52 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 7:35 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) (AP) — Parts of the South are bracing for more rain Tuesday, a day after severe storms killed four people in Alabama. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Related: Check the weather in your area Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were hitting early Tuesday. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service outside Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Coroner identifies 4 Alabama storm victims 3 killed in Alabama, 2 in Tennessee after severe storms pass through Atlanta aims to avoid repeat of epic, icy traffic jam Southern storms should ease drought, but fire threat remains Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Nashville LLC A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. U.S. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition GOP Congressman Leaves Meeting Early After Constituents Want to Talk Obamacare Repeal China Rejects Donald Trump’s Suggestion to Negotiate With Taiwan Newborn Abducted From Hospital Reunites With Parents 18 Years Later 6 Dead in Ice Storms Across Midwestern U.S. Dozens of Countries Urge Israel and Palestinians to Commit to Two-State Solution See Ringling Brothers’ ‘Greatest Show on Earth’ Through the Years Bernie Sanders: FBI Director James Comey’s Resignation ‘Would Not Be a Bad Thing’ Megachurch Pastor Bishop Eddie Long Dies at Age 63 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Rep. John Lewis ‘Would Not Invite’ Donald Trump to Visit Selma TIME U.S. weather Thunderstorms Kill Four People and Damage Buildings Across the Southern U.S. Jeff Amy / AP Jan. 3, 2017 SHARE Ryan Moore—AP Items lie scattered after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took off a roof on Jan. 2, 2017. The National Weather Service issued a tornado warning for Houston County A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Tornado 'I didn't expect this': Homeowners cope with damage after deadly storms strike Southeast Published January 03, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   The severe storms that spawned tornadoes and killed at least five people across the Southeast Monday triggered more damage than many home and business owners were expecting, and starting a recovery process that could drag on for years. Expand / Contract Storm damage in Mendenhall, Miss. (Willie James Inman, Fox News) "Didn't expect to see what I saw. Sure I expected something to be torn up but I didn't expect this," Billy Miller, whose barn in Mt. Olive, Miss., was leveled by the storms, told Fox News on Tuesday. "It's a slow process. It's gonna take a year or two years to get done. I'm just glad no one was hurt, that's it," Miller said. The state saw at least two confirmed tornadoes, according to the National Weather Service, which reported that the final numbers could still change. FOX NEWS SEVERE WEATHER CENTER Four people were killed Monday when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Kris Ware said. Ware added that most of the damage was in Rehobeth as winds damaged carports and other buildings, according to AL.com. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday. Local media reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in the homes and assess damage later in the morning. SOUTH BRACING FOR MORE SEVERE STORMS, RAIN Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." A man was found dead outside his Florida home in what authorities called an accidental drowning. The Walton County Sheriff’s Office identified the man as 70-year-old William Patrick Corley. Authorities said Corley was found with his body floating face down and his car partially submerged in water. Damaged buildings and a downed transformer appeared Tuesday along U.S. Highway 49 in Mendenhall, Miss., southeast of Jackson, just some of the aftermath across much of the state. A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storm front, killing many of the animals inside, the owner of the farm told Fox News. Expand / Contract A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storms. (Fox News) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Storms ripped through central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive. Those storms were determined to produce tornadoes by the National Weather Service. The storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Fox News Multimedia Reporter Willie James Inman in Mississippi and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Ready for Anything +2 By James Mayse Messenger-Inquirer 20 hrs ago 0 Library event will explore flood of memories Spring bluegrass lessons start Feb. 4 Annual Goodfellows Club drive falls short of $155K goal To Do Today: Sunday, Jan. 15 Marchers brave cold, rain for King march Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports featured Fans enthusiastic in Mavericks' home opener +2 By MADDIE LEE Messenger-Inquirer 20 hrs ago 0 Wildcats' Gabriel just scratching surface Panthers roll to 98-75 win Balanced Cats pull away from Tigers No. 14 Cards trip up No. 7 Duke --- MISSING HEADLINE --- Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Perspective AP featured An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer 20 hrs ago 0 How to use the Color of the Year Deficits and debt seem not atop GOP priorities these days Will the Girl Scouts' S'mores cookies be the next Thin Mints or the next Le Chip? En Route Foreclosure sales rise from 15-year low Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Beaver Dam rest area on Western Kentucky Parkway closed temporarily By Keith Todd Kentucky Transportation Cabinet Jan 12, 2017 0 Beech Grove Nature Notes Letha Jordan Be safe when heating your home Museum News Storms kill 4, damage buildings across South By JEFF AMY Associated Press Jan 3, 2017 0 A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 41° Overcast Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Ready for Anything Fans enthusiastic in Mavericks' home opener Library event will explore flood of memories Spring bluegrass lessons start Feb. 4 Wildcats' Gabriel just scratching surface Annual Goodfellows Club drive falls short of $155K goal Panthers roll to 98-75 win An American fault line: High school-only grads left behind Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Five charged in OPD drug bust Peyronnin facing bankruptcy Police Reports: Jan. 11, 2016 Police Reports Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write (3) Louisville didn't let Wildcats do what they wanted (1) KWC women win eighth straight (1) No Payne, No Gain (1) Readers Write: Dec. 24, 2016 (1) Watson: City revenues not keeping pace with expenses New mayor said income must increase (1) Payne leaves legacy of revitalized downtown (1) Alex Trebek pays tribute to Cindy Stowell, cancer-stricken 'Jeopardy!' champion (1) Bridge death lawsuit settled (1) Cars CADILLAC CTS '09 $13,500 Mileage: 125,000 Updated 22 hrs ago AUTO MOVER SPECIAL!$24.95 1 PHOTO / 3 LINES / $24.96 Mar 31, 2016 2013 Hyundai Elantra, Grey, 66,042mi, $10,400 (pay off) Nice & $10,400 Mileage: 66,042 Updated 22 hrs ago Stocks Homes 14x76 Mobile Home 2 BR, 2 Ba. Buyer must remove $5,000 Bedrooms: 2 Jul 25, 2016 South - 1 bdrm., Heritage Park $525, all appls., no $525 Sep 21, 2016 South 1 bdrm., water & gas furnished, $375, laundry facilities $375 Jul 26, 2016 Special Sections 1-14-17 At Home Jan 14, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 2016-17 High School Basketball Preview Nov 28, 2016 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. 2016-17 Hunting Guide Aug 23, 2016 0 Hunting Guide for the 2016-17 season. 12-31-16 At Home Dec 31, 2016 0 Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Sunday / January 15, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds PLACE AN AD THRIFT SALE MAP Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said posted Jan. 2, 2017 11:21 p.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Associated Press Jay Hare | Enlarge - Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Ryan Moore | Enlarge - Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Elijah Baylis | Enlarge - Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Butch Dill | Enlarge - Fans arrive in the rain at the Superdome before the start of the Sugar Bowl NCAA college football game between Auburn and Oklahoma, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in New Orleans. (AP Photo/Butch Dill) A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Email this: Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Man found dead in carbon monoxide-filled house The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Wisconsin DNR chief urges against breakup of her agency Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend John Lewis Secret WWI 'Zimmerman Telegram' holds lessons for today, historians say House Dems press FBI on Russia, possible link to Trump camp Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Protesters across U.S. decry Trump's anti-immigrant stance Occupants escape safely in Germania Street house fire Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Mom’s drug use around her three kids results in probation Residents escape inferno on Germania Street Man charged for death of Saudi student in Menomonie Trump time comes for area Republicans heading to D.C. inauguration Repeat drunken driver jailed More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Tornado 'I didn't expect this': Homeowners cope with damage after deadly storms strike Southeast Published January 03, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print   The severe storms that spawned tornadoes and killed at least five people across the Southeast Monday triggered more damage than many home and business owners were expecting, and starting a recovery process that could drag on for years. Expand / Contract Storm damage in Mendenhall, Miss. (Willie James Inman, Fox News) "Didn't expect to see what I saw. Sure I expected something to be torn up but I didn't expect this," Billy Miller, whose barn in Mt. Olive, Miss., was leveled by the storms, told Fox News on Tuesday. "It's a slow process. It's gonna take a year or two years to get done. I'm just glad no one was hurt, that's it," Miller said. The state saw at least two confirmed tornadoes, according to the National Weather Service, which reported that the final numbers could still change. FOX NEWS SEVERE WEATHER CENTER Four people were killed Monday when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Kris Ware said. Ware added that most of the damage was in Rehobeth as winds damaged carports and other buildings, according to AL.com. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday. Local media reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in the homes and assess damage later in the morning. SOUTH BRACING FOR MORE SEVERE STORMS, RAIN Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." A man was found dead outside his Florida home in what authorities called an accidental drowning. The Walton County Sheriff’s Office identified the man as 70-year-old William Patrick Corley. Authorities said Corley was found with his body floating face down and his car partially submerged in water. Damaged buildings and a downed transformer appeared Tuesday along U.S. Highway 49 in Mendenhall, Miss., southeast of Jackson, just some of the aftermath across much of the state. A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storm front, killing many of the animals inside, the owner of the farm told Fox News. Expand / Contract A row of chicken houses in Mount Olive, Miss. were severely damaged by the storms. (Fox News) State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Storms ripped through central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive. Those storms were determined to produce tornadoes by the National Weather Service. The storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Fox News Multimedia Reporter Willie James Inman in Mississippi and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states (w/video) By Jeff Amy, Associated Press JEFF AMYAssociated Press Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:17am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. Related News/Archive Blizzards, ice storms wreak havoc across northern plains (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Blizzards, ice storms wreak havoc across northern Plains (w/video) 3 Weeks Ago Tropical Storm Hermine causing widespread flooding across Tampa Bay ... and the worst is yet to come (w/video) 4 Months Ago The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued early today for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Ala., said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered "prayers for those impacted." In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours early today, forecasters said. "There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75," said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Ga., near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, La., as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart's roof. The Fire Department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn't want to leave even as managers closed it. "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store today, but isn't sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout east Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Miss., through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Ga., received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Previous Next Previous Next Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states (w/video) 01/03/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 3, 2017 12:35am] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Weather Alert The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant County A tornado watch is in effect until midnight for the following counties: Dallas, Ellis, Johnson, Tarrant Man wore Wal-Mart vest while taking merchandise, Grapevine police say Filed under Crime at Jan 2 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Z. Cardona, Breaking News Producer Connect with Claire Z. Cardona On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Grapevine police are searching for a man who reportedly stole two carts of merchandise from a Wal-Mart.  The man was seen on surveillance footage Nov. 21 taking items from the store on State Highway 114 without paying, police said.  At one point, the man is seen wearing a Wal-Mart employee vest.  A detailed description of the man was not provided. He fled in a black Dodge Ram.  Anyone with information about the man's identity is asked to call Sgt. Spillers at 817-410-3243 or email wspillers@grapevinetexas.gov. Grapevine police are searching for this man accused of taking items from a Wal-Mart without paying for them. (Grapevine Police Department) View Comments Tags Crime Grapevine Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 41,171 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 28,585 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 24,036 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 20,777 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 17,672 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 12,669 Woman found half naked, bound with duct tape likely knew attackers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Here’s what happens to all those unwanted Christmas presents By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 2, 2017 | 10:04pm Modal Trigger Getty Images Welcome to the retail returns season — the much less popular sibling of the holiday retail sales. Every year roughly $260 billion worth of stuff bought at retail is returned, 25 percent of which is returned after Christmas, according to industry estimates — everything from ugly sweaters and ill-fitting pants to that thoughtless hot plate and pingpong table that just won’t fit in the basement. Total annual returns equal 7 percent of everything sold in the US in a year, not counting autos and car parts. “The return season is in full swing,” said Eric Moriarty, vice president of B-Stock Solutions, which operates an auction Web site that connects retailers like Walmart, Costco and Amazon with resellers. “Retailers don’t want returned merchandise, because they don’t have room on their shelves for it, and they don’t have the resources to determine whether something’s been damaged,” Gina Barker, owner of Quick Discount, a no-frills, 25,000 square-foot store in Fort Smith, Ark., that sells everything from vacuum cleaners to sports equipment and toys to lamps, and resembles a flea market, told The Post. Just 5 percent of returned presents go directly back onto the same store’s shelves, Moriarty estimates. For the rest of the goods, the trip back to the store is just the beginning of a long and strange journey that can take that party dress or dollhouse either halfway around the world — or just around to the other side of town. While many Americans are just starting to fall in love with that new cellphone, TV or pair of slippers, the unloved presents are just starting out a that long journey home. This is their story. Take, for example, the very popular Ninja line of blenders that cost anywhere from $40 to $200. It was a popular Christmas gift — making it a popular return item, too, said Barker. Barker, who has bought returned goods sold by the top 10 retailers in the country — Walmart, Target, Macy’s and Amazon, to name four — sees lots of Ninjas this time of year. Take a Nutri Ninja Auto-IQ compact blender, which sells for $99 at Walmart. Once returned to the retailer, the Auto-IQ will be shipped to a regional warehouse or distribution center and then, perhaps, to a warehouse run by a middleman where they will sit and await on online auction. Barker and scores of closeout retailers then have at it. Barker will typically pay 16 to 25 cents on the dollar for an item. In the case of the Auto-IQ blender, that would be $16 to $25. She would then tag it at $60. FindTheData | Graphiq “We try to get 60 cents on the dollar,” or a little more than double our cost, said Barker, who travels to auction sites in a three-state radius hunting for goods. The auctions can attract retailers from outside the US, according to Ronen Lazar, chief executive of InTurn, which operates a marketplace for excess inventory. Barker used to carry apparel in her store, but no longer. The paperwork and terms became too onerous, she said. “Contracts involving fashion brands can be 15 or 20 pages long,” she said. Some insist their label be cut out and “some stipulate that several brands can’t even enter the building.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under economy ,  holiday shopping ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Carpool apps could reduce city traffic by 300 percent: stu... Read Next Carpool apps could reduce city traffic by 300 percent: stu... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 12-year-old girl live streams her suicide in front yard Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 41,239 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 26,784 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 23,918 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking More Stories pagesix Photo of Justin Trudeau's mom commando at Studio 54 up for auction Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 40° Share Storms kill 4, damage buildings across Southern states By Jeff Amy / Associated Press Published: Monday, January 2nd, 2017 at 6:35pm Updated: Monday, January 2nd, 2017 at 10:11pm People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... A powerful storm system that moved across the South on Monday killed four people in Alabama and left a trail of damage over several states, officials said. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes, and the threat continued into early Tuesday for southern Alabama, southwest Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Advertisement Continue reading The National Weather Service had issued a tornado warning for Houston County in the southern part of the state Monday evening. Local media outlets reported that emergency officials advised residents to stay in their homes and assess damage in the morning. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Georgia, some of the heaviest rains were expected late Monday night and into the overnight hours of early Tuesday morning, forecasters said. “There is a slight chance of damaging winds and tornadoes, however the highest probabilities are generally west of Interstate 75,” said Sid King, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Peachtree City, Georgia, near Atlanta. Parts of south Georgia could see as much as 3 inches of total rainfall from all the storms produced by the system now moving across southern states, King said. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the Wal-Mart’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Advertisement Continue reading Wal-Mart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but isn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. ___ Associated Press writers Kim Chandler and Jeff Martin contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy. Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/JeffAmy . Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Nation Suggested Stories: The Latest: Suspected tornado damages Army post in Georgia – Feb 3, 2016 Southern plagues: Drought, flood, fire and now killer storms – Nov 30, 2016 Deadly storms add to drought, flood and fires plaguing South – Dec 1, 2016 Authorities: Georgia woman killed in storms – Jan 3, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Skinned Animal Found Outside Shawnee Walmart Entrance - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH NEWS Print Skinned Animal Found Outside Shawnee Walmart Entrance Posted: Monday, January 2, 2017 6:48 PM EST Updated: Monday, January 2, 2017 6:48 PM EST By Christy Lewis, News 9 BioEmail Connect Biography jen.billings@news9.net Disturbing video on social media shows a skinned animal outside the front door of a Walmart and now Shawnee Police are investigating. SHAWNEE, Oklahoma - Disturbing video on social media shows a skinned animal outside the front door of a Walmart and now Shawnee Police are investigating. Cassandra Swafford went live on Facebook Sunday night when she walked up to the grocery store and saw the carcass on the ground. “I think people can hear about it and it doesn’t really sink in,” she explained. “It’s another thing to see it.” “I was just told that somebody pulled up here, dumped it and drove off,” a bystander is heard saying in the video. Understandably traumatized by the sight, Swafford says she hasn't slept since. “It’s just scary to know that there are people in our town that think they can just do that,” she told News 9. Swafford said she is a volunteer with Friends of Shawnee Animals. She said there is too much help in the area for these kinds of incidents to be occurring. Ruth Leathers said she was sitting in her car when it happened. “I saw a carcass fall onto the pavement,” she explained. And she took photos of the police response to the scene. Investigators said they pulled video from Walmart's security cameras and found the suspect. A Shawnee police officer said the suspect said the carcass was a coyote that was shot earlier that weekend on a hunt in Lincoln County. The investigation continues and police may release more details Tuesday. Erica Jones Senior Manager in Corporate Communications with Walmart released this statement: “This incident is upsetting and disappointing. We have contacted police and encourage anyone with information to come forward.” NewsMore>> Exchange Student Dies From Injuries In OKC DUI Crash Exchange Student Dies From Injuries In OKC DUI Crash A crash involving drunk driver took the life of a Yukon mother on New Year’s Eve. Now, a second victim, foreign exchange student Nhu Huong passed away on Sunday.  More >> A crash involving drunk driver took the life of a Yukon mother on New Year’s Eve. Now, a second victim, foreign exchange student Nhu Huong passed away on Sunday. More >> Young Woman Dies From Injuries Suffered In OKC New Year’s Eve Crash Young Woman Dies From Injuries Suffered In OKC New Year’s Eve Crash A former foreign exchange student visiting Oklahoma has died from her injuries in a fatal New Year’s Eve crash. A former foreign exchange student visiting Oklahoma has died from her injuries in a fatal New Year’s Eve crash. More >> A former foreign exchange student visiting Oklahoma has died from her injuries in a fatal New Year’s Eve crash. More >> Special Features iPhone App Get breaking news, weather, sports & video directly on your iPhone. Politics Breaking political news & the latest headlines from the state capitol & D.C. Radars See where weather is happening using our live interactive radars. Technology Spend your money wisely with reviews of new tech gadgets & the latest news in technology. TV Schedule Need to know what's on TV? Check out our television schedule. Live Radar OK Customize Your Forecast: Lookup News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Decatur police arrest woman in connection with robberies Print Email William Thornton | wthornton@al.com By William Thornton | wthornton@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 02, 2017 at 2:45 PM, updated January 02, 2017 at 2:55 PM comments Stephanie BrauchleDecatur police  Decatur police say a woman is in custody after two robberies this morning. Police say officers were called to Walmart Neighborhood Market on 6th Avenue at 2:16 a.m. on a robbery call. A man told officers that he was putting groceries in his vehicle when he was approached by a woman who put an unknown object at the base of his back and demanded money. He believed the weapon to be a gun, so he gave the woman his cash. Police said the female fled in a dark colored van and was taken into custody during the commission of another robbery at Walmart on Spring Ave S.W. Officers arrived and a woman said a female pulled a knife on her and demanded money. A struggle ensued and the victim freed herself and notified store detectives. Both victims identified Stephanie Brauchle as the person who robbed them, investigators said. Brauchle was also found with prescription pills in an unlabeled prescription bottle. Brauchle was taken to Decatur City Jail where she was charged with two counts of first degree robbery, and prescription drug possession. She is being held in the Morgan County Jail on $20,500 bond. TALKING POLITICS Alabama/California Conversation Project We asked Alabama Trump voters to talk politics, values with California liberals Civic-minded Donald Trump voters in Alabama agreed to have a deep, serious, respectful conversation with Hillary Clinton voters from one of the most liberal places in America, the San Francisco Bay Area. This is the result. MORE IN THE SERIES What we learned: Alabama, California women reflect on their conversations As conversation winds down, discussion turns to race, other challenges The key to civility? 'Listen and ask more questions' In immigration debate, Trump and Clinton voters tussle over term 'illegal immigrant' Alabama conservatives, California liberals discuss how faith shapes their lives What happened when I popped my liberal bubble and talked with Alabama voters Read entire series » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 1 hour ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 2 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 3 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 3 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 4 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 18 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 18 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 18 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 2 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 15 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 10 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles By Daniel Hull Neowin LLC · Jan 2, 2017 with 4 comments The team over at Xbox are kicking off the year with a $20 discount on the latest Xbox One S model - with deals starting from $279. The offer is available in the United States for anyone who purchases an Xbox One S and controller bundle, down from the $299 retail price. The limited-time offer can be found on the Xbox Store, Amazon and GameStop with Target and Best Buy joining the deal on January 7. The Xbox One S Battlefield Edition, is available from $279 from Walmart.com, although the deal does not apply in physical Walmart stores. Welcome a brand new year with a brand new console. #XboxOneS is now $20 off: https://t.co/vgp2ELm5Qf pic.twitter.com/7LOt5eENNB — Xbox (@Xbox) January 1, 2017 Alongside the price slash, both The Cave and Deathtrap are available for free to download from today. Both of these games can be redeemed with the Games with Gold program, designed by Microsoft to give Xbox Live users up to four free games a month. Gamers can expect Rayman Origins and Killer Instinct Season 2 Ultra Edition to be released later this month too. Source: Xbox | Image of a Xbox One S via Xbox Tags Microsoft Xbox one s Deals Games with gold Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Apple's iOS 10.3 is rumored to have a new Theatre Mode; beta coming on January 10 Next Story Gamestop will be selling an exclusive red Xbox One controller Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Will The CIA Assassinate Trump? Ron Paul Warns Of "More Powerful, Shadow Government" in It's a Conspiracy! Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News SAS interface HDD in Hardware Hangout Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 in Front Page News The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 10 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories VUDU brings Windows 10 app to Xbox One, offering some of the latest movies and TV shows Dec 21, 2016 Xbox Games with Gold for January 2017 announced Dec 20, 2016 · Hot! Microsoft announces new customization options for Xbox Elite controller with SCUF Dec 20, 2016 Discuss: The worst tech Christmas presents ever Dec 19, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Forecast Weather Blog 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Pedestrian struck by vehicle in Dayton Updated: 27 mins ago It happened around 8:30 p.m. in the 1800 block of S. Gettysburg Ave. Dayton stand-off ends peacefully, 1 arrested 4:02 pm Officials say the woman called dispatch saying her ex was threatening to shoot her around 2:22 a.m. Sunday. Greene Co. officials investigating deadly shooting in Yellow Springs Updated: 25 mins ago Thousands gather for ‘Ohio Sister March’ in downtown Columbus 3:06 pm Dayton Police searching for drive-thru robbery suspect 3:48 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 32° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 92% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:56 AM Sunset: 5:36 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Buckeyes beat Spartans for first Big Ten win 5:32 pm JaQuan Lyle made 5 of 7 shots from the 3-point line and scored 22 points as Ohio State pulled away down the stretch and beat Michigan State … Williams, Cooke lead Flyers to win at Duquesne January 14, 2017 Xeyrius Williams scored a career-high 19 points and Charles Cooke scored 18 off the bench as the Dayton Flyers earned a 76-57 road win over … Alstork rallies Raiders past Panthers January 14, 2017 Cavs’ J.R. Smith shares first photo of preemie baby girl January 13, 2017 Wisconsin blows out Ohio State 89-66 January 13, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Bella Musica: the musical petting zoo January 13, 2017 Sarah and Alyssa from Bella Musica tell us more about an event they call a musical petting zoo. Dayton Dance Centre January 13, 2017 Zac learns some new moves at the Dayton Dance Centre. Pet of the week- 1/13/17 January 13, 2017 Buckeye Door Sales January 13, 2017 Comfort Foods from Firebirds Wood Fired Grill January 13, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 31° F Caught on camera: Florida car salesman attacked By NBC News Published: January 2, 2017, 10:13 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) An 83-year-old Sarasota, Florida man is accused of walloping a car salesman in the head with a golf club and hitting the salesman with his car after learning he only got a $5 Walmart gift card as a scratch-off ticket prize. RELATED: Deputies: Florida man, 83, hit car salesman in head with golf club Linsey Dean Owens, 83, is charged with two counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. The victim, a car salesman named Christian, said that Owens showed up with a scratch-off ticket and was angry the promotion was for a $5 Walmart gift card. He was expecting a better prize. “I heard him yelling and screaming profanities about the five dollar Walmart gift card that he won. So He was pretty upset over that. I guess he drove about eight miles to get there and thought he should’ve been entitled to something more than that,” said Christian. Deputies say Owens got into his car and started to leave and sped up and swerved at the victim causing the mirror of Owens’ car to hit him in the left forearm. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Deputies: Florida man, 83, hit car salesman in head with golf club Iconic Ringling Bros. permanently closing Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1829 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Domino’s Pizza Inc (DPZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Mizuho Reaffirms Buy Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Position Reduced by Bank of Montreal Can Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Lowers Position in WNS (Holdings) Limited (WNS) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Lions Gate Entertainment Co. Class A Voting Shares (LGF.A) Reduced by Analyst Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for First Horizon National Corporation Issued By Jefferies Group (FHN) Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc. (BPFH) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Monster Beverage Corporation’s (MNST) Conviction-Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) 64,410 Shares in International Game Technology (IGT) Acquired by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. Acquires 412 Shares of Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Bought by BlackRock Inc. BlackRock Inc. Buys 2,584 Shares of Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Agree Realty Corporation (ADC) Stake Raised by BlackRock Inc. BlackRock Inc. Has $1,533,000 Stake in Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Ascena Retail Group, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ASNA) Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Position Reduced by CENTRAL TRUST Co Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Sells 1,727 Shares of Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) 73,300 Shares in CPB Inc. (CPF) Acquired by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $1,828,000 Position in Intrawest Resorts Holdings, Inc. (SNOW) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Earns “Buy” Rating from Guggenheim January 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Guggenheim reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) in a research note released on Wednesday morning. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a $82.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Sunday, November 13th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued an underperform rating and issued a $72.80 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Finally, Nomura set a $81.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $75.30. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.12 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $212.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $70.52 and a 200-day moving average of $71.43. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.03 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/01/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-earns-buy-rating-from-guggenheim.html. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $309,966,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $262,122,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $237,230,000. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 28.80% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics BAC P Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) and the Terrible Trump Tariff Trump promises a 5% import tariff, and Amazon continues to steal foot traffic. WMT stock is in trouble. By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Dec 29, 2016, 9:40 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Monday’s Vital Data: Facebook Inc (FB), Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) and AT&T Inc. (T) 2 Trades for the General Electric Company (GE) Stock Comeback Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Is Headed to $30 Recent Posts: 2 Trades for the General Electric Company (GE) Stock Comeback Friday’s Vital Data: Bank of America Corp (BAC), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) 2 Trades to Play the Exxon Mobil (XOM) Stock Breakout (or Breakdown) View All Posts The new year could be a rough one for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) and other brick-and-mortar retailers. Not only are they seeing their worst foot traffic since 1972 as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) flexes its online muscles, but President-elect Donald Trump has said that he is considering an executive action to impose a 5% tariff on imports — news that sent WMT stock plunging last week. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr And we haven’t even touched on Trump’s increasingly rocky relationship with China, which threatens to kick off a trade war with one of the largest suppliers of cheaply manufactured U.S. imports — and one of the largest holders of U.S. debt. The wealth of pressure facing Walmart stock has already sent analysts running for the sidelines. According to data from Thomson/First Call, 21 of the 30 analysts following WMT stock rate the shares a hold or worse. Meanwhile, the 12-month price target rests at $74.59, representing a premium of about 7.91% to yesterday’s close. Should Trump impose his tariff, or Amazon continue to take market share, we could see more analysts revise their outlooks downward. That would pile additional pressure on Walmart stock. Elsewhere, Walmart short sellers smell blood in the water. During the most recent reporting period, WMT edged out Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) as the 12th most shorted stock on the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Some 28 million shares of WMT stock are now sold short, representing about 2% of Walmart’s total float. Look for shorting activity to pick up sharply if Trump gets his way. As a clear sign that short sellers are not worried in the least about a potential WMT rally, options activity has grown increasingly put-heavy. Currently, the January/February put/call open interest ratio stands at 1.26, with puts easily outnumbering calls among short-term options. Typically, short sellers will buy up calls as a hedge against potential rallies in the underlying stock, but this is far from the case with WMT. Click to Enlarge Looking out to the February series to judge the potential impact of an incoming Trump presidency, implieds are pricing in a potential move of about 3.6% for WMT stock. This is more inline with implieds surrounding an earnings report than the stock’s historically lower volatility readings. As a result, the upper bound lies at $71.24, while the lower bound lies at $66.26. Technically, the upper bound lies well short of recent resistance near $72, while the lower bound rests well below key short-term support levels and WMT stock’s October lows. What does this mean for those looking to trade? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/12/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock-trump-tariff/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 3 Grossly Overpriced Tech Stocks That Could Collapse Most Popular Most Commented 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 10 Dividend Growth Stocks That Simply Print Money The 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge The Dow Jones Industrial Average Is Focused on the Financials How Will Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock React to Q4 Earnings? Why Foot Locker, Inc. Makes a Suitable Value Investment (FL) MLK Day 2017: 10 Facts About Civil Rights Icon Martin Luther King Jr. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s Booming Cloud Biz Gets More Secure Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > New Nintendo console may feed your nostalgia, if you can get one New Nintendo console may feed your nostalgia, if you can get one Saturday, 3 December 2016 When she heard that Nintendo was planning to reproduce its iconic Nintendo Entertainment System video game console for the holiday season, Emily Bradbury put a note on her calendar and set an alarm on her phone. Since its release last month, the NES Classic Edition, a smaller version of the original console introduced to North America in 1985, has become one of the hottest gift items of the year. Nintendo has been sluggish in responding to the demand, resulting in huge markups on the secondary market, including on sites like eBay, where the consoles were being resold for as much as $390. (Advance orders had sold out over the summer.) Walmart kept a very limited supply in stock that it trickled out in online flash sales over two weeks. Heeding her calendar warnings and alarms, Bradbury tried to order the NES online through Amazon and Walmart but could not act quickly enough. “I thought it would be a bunch of us fortysomething people going after it, but it won’t be much of a big deal,” said Bradbury, the member services director for the Kansas Press Association, a trade organization for Kansas newspapers. [...] Michael Pachter, a Wedbush Securities analyst, said he was not surprised by the intense demand or the low supply, which he considered an intentional move by Nintendo to garner attention, knowing that it could restock before the holiday shopping season was over. David Cole, chief executive officer of DFC Intelligence, a market research firm, said there is a lot riding on Nintendo’s ability to satisfy demand in the next few weeks. Next year, the company is introducing Nintendo Switch, which it hopes will make up for its lagging sales of the Wii U and its late entry into mobile gaming. Cole said buyers want the NES Classic Edition mostly for nostalgia, but he thinks it could get older customers interested in future Nintendo products. When he saw that a nearby Target had received three, he rushed there at 7:30 a.m. on a Sunday to buy one as a present for his brother-in-law. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: IGN - Affiliate - on December 7, 2016< > Embed Nintendo Switch Will Reportedly Run GameCube Virtual Console Games 01:03 The Nintendo Switch may be getting GameCube Virtual Console support. Recent related news Here are all the games that will launch on the new Nintendo Switch consoleNintendo unveiled more details about its new game console, the Switch, on Thursday night. In particular, we learned more about the mess of great games coming to... Business Insider 3 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •DNA You can pre-order Nintendo's new Switch console right here, right nowLate Thursday night, Nintendo unveiled a ton of important details about its upcoming game console, the Switch. Thanks to that event, we now know the Switch's... Business Insider 3 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •City A.M. •TUAW •The Next Web •SBS •DNA •Reuters •AppleInsider •Macworld For the first time, Nintendo will charge you to play games onlineThe Nintendo Switch, the new $299 console launching on March 3, will be the first Nintendo console to require a premium, paid subscription service if you want... Business Insider 3 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •The Verge Nintendo is finally showing off their hybrid Switch console — here are all the ways you'll be able to play itNintendo held an event in Japan to show off their new Switch console. The console connects to a TV, but also comes with a controller that turns into a mobile... Business Insider 3 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •AppleInsider •Macworld •engadget You Might Like Other recent news in Business Pound falls ahead of Theresa May BREXIT speech PM to reveal 'GLOBAL BRITAIN' Brexit plan Debbie Mayo-Smith: FACEBOOK's new subtitle feature STERLING skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity PRINCE CHARLES co-authors Ladybird climate change book Bill English optimistic about DONALD TRUMP US presidency 'HIDDEN FIGURES' wins a dismal MLK weekend at the box office This is what could happen if OBAMACARE is repealed BURUNDI rare earth miner dusts itself off for London flotation Hafeez leads PAKISTAN to easy win over Australia in Melbourne ODI Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama José Mourinho Angela Merkel Mike Pence Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy Snuka Dead Eddie Long Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Watch NFL Playoffs Live: Steelers vs. Chiefs Get Alerts Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Inauguration 2017 President Obama: The Legacy TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Pop Culture Music Celebrity TV Movies Viral Pop Culture Dec 30 2016, 9:00 am ET Run-DMC Sues Wal-Mart, Amazon for $50 Million Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement NEW YORK — Run-DMC filed a $50 million lawsuit in New York accusing Wal-Mart, Amazon, Jet and other retailers of selling products that traded on the rap group's name without permission. A founder of the group and owner of the Run-DMC brand, Darryl "DMC" McDaniels, was listed as the plaintiff in the lawsuit, which was filed Thursday in the Southern District of New York. Run DMC pose at the Grammy Awards in 1988. From left, Joseph Simmons, Darryl McDaniels, and the late Jason Mizell. MARK LENNIHAN / AP, file The complaint said the defendants are "advertising, selling, manufacturing, promoting and distributing multiple products" in the group's trademarked name. The products include glasses, hats, T-shirts, patches, wallets and other items. The lawsuit alleged that the retailers have improperly profited, diluted and harmed the Run-DMC brand, which it said has generated more than $100 million in revenue since its inception in the 1980s. It called the Run-DMC brand "extremely valuable," and said it is the subject of several licensing agreements, including to endorse Adidas sneakers from Adidas The lawsuit alleges defendants are confusing consumers into believing that Run-DMC endorsed their products and are trading on the goodwill associated with the name, in violation of federal trademark and New York unfair competition laws. Run-DMC was founded in New York in 1981 by McDaniels, Joseph "Run" Simmons, Darryl "DMC" and Jason "Jam Master Jay" Mizell, who was fatally shot in his Queens recording studio in 2002. McDaniels and Simmons later announced that the group had officially disbanded. The group's hits include "King of Rock, "It's Tricky," and "Can You Rock It Like This." In 2009, Run-DMC was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, becoming only the second rap act to be awarded that honor. Amazon and Wal-Mart, which also owns Jet, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Contributor The Associated Press and Reuters Topics Music, Business News, U.S. news First Published Dec 30 2016, 7:19 am ET Next Story Jennifer Holliday Backs Out of Trump Inauguration Performance advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics BAC P Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Should You Buy Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Walmart has its problems, but don't overlook WMT stock's online strength By Ian Bezek, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 3, 2017, 10:55 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Should You Buy Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 3 Stocks That Are Nothing More Than Yield Traps Should You Buy Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Recent Posts: Should You Buy Acicia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Should You Buy Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 3 Stocks That Are Nothing More Than Yield Traps View All Posts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) is back. Well, kind of. WMT stock rose 13% in 2016, which is certainly a respectable performance. However, for investors who saw Walmart stock hit $90 two years ago, today’s $68 share price still isn’t that reassuring. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr The company got hit following a stagnation in revenues and profits. Online efforts are gaining traction, but not at the rate some boosters had hoped. And even income investors have started to bail on the company following unusually small dividend increases recently. Can WMT stock keep regaining lost ground in 2017, or is the stock’s story broken? WMT Stock Cons Weak Holiday Season: U.S. retailers appear to be having a poor holiday season. U.S. retail sales only rose 0.1% in November, versus 0.3% expectations. And it was the slowest month of gains recently. More specifically, Black Friday sales were anemic, down markedly from 2015. Some of that is due to dispersion away from the Thanksgiving weekend specifically. However, it’s still not a good trend. Big traditional retailer stocks have been getting hammered over the past week or two. WMT stock largely missed the sector selling until Thursday, when it too capitulated to the general malaise. However, with many sector players down 8%-15% recently, there’s room for more downside in Walmart in the short run if the holiday season turns out to have been a total bust. The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017 New Import Tax? Rumor has it that Trump’s team is now discussing a tax on all imports. This tax would be 5% or 10%, depending on which source you read. Regardless, it’d be a blow for companies like Walmart that have very global supply chains. During the campaign, Trump talked about hitting specific offending countries, such as China and Mexico, with tariffs. However this new import duty would affect all incoming products, making life much more difficult for retailer such as Walmart that have developed broad supply chains across developing Asia, Latin America, and so on. We’re not just talking cheap Chinese stuff anymore — WMT’s clothes from countries such as Bangladesh and high-end electronics from Japan and South Korea would also face these duties. I don’t expect a tariff against the whole world to get much traction, but it’s a headline risk for the time being. Little Growth: In 2008, WMT stock topped $400 billion in sales for the first time. We’re coming up on a decade later, and Walmart hasn’t hit $500 billion yet. Once you account for inflation, sales have been basically flat over that stretch. While there’s reason to think the company’s online efforts are picking up steam (see below), the last decade has not been one of Walmart’s finest. The company got weighed down by all sorts of bribery and corruption scandals with various international divisions. Until recently, management seemed more interested in its share buyback than investing in its stores or technology. Even with that impressive buyback, EPS has only grown by 14 cents (4.47 to 4.61) since 2011. There is good reason WMT stock has its critics. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/01/buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock-pros-cons/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks to Double Your Money 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple You 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge 3 Vanguard Funds Taking on Water 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 5 Chinese Stocks to Sell Before China’s Internet Bubble Bursts 3 Grossly Overpriced Tech Stocks That Could Collapse Most Popular Most Commented 7 Stocks to Buy to Double Your Money in 2017 7 Healthcare Stocks That Will Cripple Your Portfolio 3 Vanguard Funds That Are Taking on Water 10 Dividend Growth Stocks That Simply Print Money The 10 Biggest Companies You’ve Never Heard Of 7 Gold (and Silver) Stocks Ready to Surge The Dow Jones Industrial Average Is Focused on the Financials How Will Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock React to Q4 Earnings? Why Foot Locker, Inc. Makes a Suitable Value Investment (FL) MLK Day 2017: 10 Facts About Civil Rights Icon Martin Luther King Jr. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock’s Booming Cloud Biz Gets More Secure Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Classifieds E-Editions Owatonna People's Press Owatonna Area Shopper Southern Minn Scene Girlfriends Magazine Submission Forms Anniversary Birthday Birth Classified Ad Customer Support Engagement Letter to the Editor News: Press releases, tips, community news Wedding Local Ads Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Subscribe 21° Clear Owatonna, MN (55060) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy. Low around 20F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Classifieds E-Editions Owatonna People's Press Owatonna Area Shopper Southern Minn Scene Girlfriends Magazine Submission Forms Anniversary Birthday Birth Classified Ad Customer Support Engagement Letter to the Editor News: Press releases, tips, community news Wedding Local Ads Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Subscribe Close By ASHLEY STEWART astewart@owatonna.com The Salvation Army collected about $65,000 during its annual Red Kettle Campaign in 2016, which is nearly $40,000 less than last year. (Press file photo) spotlight Local Salvation Army's Red Kettle Campaign has 'tough year,' garners $65K By ASHLEY STEWART astewart@owatonna.com ASHLEY STEWART Jan 3, 2017 (…) By ASHLEY STEWART astewart@owatonna.com The Salvation Army collected about $65,000 during its annual Red Kettle Campaign in 2016, which is nearly $40,000 less than last year. (Press file photo) OWATONNA — A shortage of bell ringers, unfavorable weather conditions and the absence of large monetary donations may have contributed to the local Red Kettle Campaign’s shortfall this year, Salvation Army officials say. As of Dec. 30 — a day before the campaign’s official end — the Salvation Army raised about $65,000, which marks the first time in at least five years that the local organization hasn’t surpassed its previous campaign. “It was just a tough year,” said Linda Seljeseth, Salvation Army service unit chairwoman in Owatonna, on Tuesday. The campaign brought in about $37,000 less than 2015 when the organization had a record-breaking year and raised more than $102,000 with more than half of the funds coming in the 10 days leading up to Christmas — thanks in large part to a $25,000 check from the Buxton Family Foundation. This year, the two weeks before Christmas were inundated with arctic blasts of cold air, snow and wind that on some days warranted pulling outdoor kettles at Wal-Mart and Fleet Farm and relocating bell ringers to indoor locations in Owatonna. “We couldn’t have them stand out there,” Seljeseth said. But between Dec. 8 and Dec. 24, the Salvation Army still raised about $35,165 during its kettle campaign, and she said “there could be more” including donations sent to headquarters for the local organization. “Every cent counts, so we’ll just have to wait and see,” Seljeseth said. Throughout the campaign, spokespersons with the Salvation Army in Owatonna said 87 cents of every dollar donated during the campaign stays in Steele County. On average, the Salvation Army spends $7,000 on food, medication, shelter, utilities, eviction prevention and other items — in addition to its programs. Last year’s contributions helped more than 2,500 people in the county, provided backpacks and school supplies to children throughout Steele County as well as more Shop with a Cop opportunities and more Christmas baskets to distribute to local families in need during the holidays. “We didn’t do so good this year, but it’s still great,” Seljeseth said. “The people in Owatonna, in Steele County are so generous, and I think they gave what they could this year.” She said even though the Salvation Army’s Red Kettle Campaign brought in less money this year, the organization will likely not have to change any of its local programs. “We’ll just have to rethink how many we can serve,” Seljeseth said, adding that monetary and supply donations as well as volunteers are welcome throughout the year to assist with the organization’s programs and the thrift store. She said the Salvation Army is seeking individuals who are interested in joining the Salvation Army service unit, which is an advisory board for the local organization. For more information about becoming a service unit member, call the Salvation Army at 507-455-2023. Reach reporter Ashley Stewart at 444-2378 or follow her on Twitter.com @OPPashley Brief look at past Red Kettle Campaigns in Steele County: 2016: About $65,000 2015: More than $102,000, including a $25,000 check from the Buxton Family Foundation. 2014: About $81,000, plus an additional $15,000 donation from the Otto Bremer Foundation 2013: More than $77,000 2012: About $74,000 2011: More than $65,000 ASHLEY STEWART Owatonna People's Press reporter covering Steele County, Blooming Prairie and Medford government as well as health, transportation and community happenings. University of St. Thomas graduate. Follow ASHLEY STEWART Close Get email notifications on ASHLEY STEWART daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever ASHLEY STEWART posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow ASHLEY STEWART Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police: man convicted of sex with girl did it again Courthouse closed after water damage from broken pipe Two charged in separate Owatonna meth cases Six hurt in Dodge Center factory explosion BEYOND THE BOX: Moen could make history on Thursday WORD RECEIVED: Gerald "Jerry" A. Schroht Explosion in Dodge County injures 5 Report finds Owatonna health care costs well above state average WORD RECEIVED: Nacia Rochelle Olson Police: man fled trooper, struck backhoe, to "cause a stir" Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Public Notices City, Township, County and School District notices. Submit Your Event Upcoming Events Jan 15 Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) Early Bird Meeting - Owatonna Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:30 am Jan 15 Sunday Morning Yoga Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:30 am Jan 15 Free meditation program Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 9:30 am Jan 15 Relaxation Yoga Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 5:30 pm Jan 16 Monday Morning Slow Flow Yoga Mon, Jan 16, 2017 @ 8:30 am Around the Web TV review: HBO's 'The Young Pope' is ... something Farm and Food: An allegory and a true story Klobuchar will ‘carefully consider’ vote on Sessions Roll Call: How Oklahoma's delegation voted Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Owatonna Peoples Press Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Sign up Manage your lists Sections Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Special Sections Classifieds E-Editions Services Advertise APG Media Careers Contact Us Contest Rules Delivery / Refund policies Local Ads Privacy Policy Submission Forms Terms of Service Contact Information www.owatonna.com 135 W. Pearl St. Owatonna, MN 55060 Phone: 507-451-2840 Email: advertising@owatonna.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Southernminn, 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Fast Money Fast Money Halftime Report Video Halftime Portfolio Behind the Trade Poll Disclaimer Planes, trains, automobiles: Traders say these names will get hit by Trump's policies Christine Wang | @christiiineeee Tuesday, 3 Jan 2017 | 6:03 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters 6 ways to trade Trump    Tuesday, 3 Jan 2017 | 5:00 PM ET | 03:41 The "Fast Money" traders debated which stocks could be most impacted by President-elect Donald Trump's economic policies. Trump has targeted specific companies on Twitter, like General Motors on Tuesday morning. His previous tweets have sunk shares of defense stocks like Lockheed Martin. Tax cuts for consumers could lead to more auto sales, trader Tim Seymour said, adding that General Motors shares are "ridiculously cheap" — they have a price-to-earnings ratio of about 4 on a trailing 12-month basis, according to FactSet. Companies like Kansas City Southern, which has a substantial U.S.-Mexico business, could also be hit by Trump's policies, trader Brian Kelly said. Other companies that import a lot of their goods, like Wal-Mart, could also suffer from a potential border tax, he continued Trader Dan Nathan said that Ford's announcement that it is not opening a new plant in Mexico is not necessarily a good thing for consumers because it could lead to higher priced cars, which could also impact demand. Disclosures: GUY ADAMI Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC. Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. BRIAN KELLY Brian Kelly is long TLT, US Dollar UUP, SLV, U.S. 10-year Treasury notes and Bitcoin. He is short the euro, Australian dollar and British pound. DAN NATHAN Dan Nathan is long XHB Jan put spread, XLK Jan put spread, XRT Jan put spread, MCD Feb put, XLI Feb put spread, FXI long Feb put spread. TIM SEYMOUR Tim Seymour is long ABX, APC, AVP, BAC, BBRY, C, CLF, CVX, DO, DVYE, EDC, EWN, EWZ, F, FB, FCX, FXI, GM, GOOGL, GE, INTC, LQD,MCD, MUR, OIH, PG, RACE, RAI, RH, RL, SINA, SQ,T, TWTR, VALE, VZ, XOM, short: EEM, SPY, XRT. His firm is long ABX, BABA, BIDU, CBD, CLF, EEM, EWZ, F, KO, MCD, MPEL, NKE, PEP, PF, TCEHY, SAVE, SBUX, SINA, VALE, VIAB, WMT, WEN, X, YHOO, short EWG, HYG, IWM Christine WangNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Target Pitting two of the nation's biggest retailers against each other to find the better stock to buy today. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Jan 3, 2017 at 4:47PM Image source: Getty Images. Costco (NASDAQ:COST) and Target (NYSE:TGT) are both successful national retailers. In a brutally competitive industry, they each stand out by generating over $2 billion of annual earnings and handling millions of transactions per year. There are major differences between these two companies that could make one a better buy over the other for long-term investors. Below, we'll look at a few key metrics that separate them -- with an eye toward finding the better stock to own today. Investment statistics matchup:  Metric Costco Target Market cap $70 billion $40 billion Sales growth 4% 2.1% Net profit margin 2% 4.6% Dividend yield 1.1% 3.3% Price-to-sales 0.59 times 0.61 times Price-to-earnings 29 times 13 times 52-week stock performance (1%) (1%) Sales growth is for stores open at least one year and excludes fuel sales and exchange rate changes. Data sources: Company financial filings and S&P Global Market Intelligence. Growth trends Costco and Target are both enduring a sales growth slump right now. Costco's epic customer traffic gains, which were averaging over 4% per year for the last six years, fell to just 2% in 2016. That slump was the biggest factor behind the warehouse giant's comparable-store sales slowdown that marked its worst annual performance since 2010. Chart by author. Data source: Costco financial filings. As a membership club that derives most of its profits from subscription fees, customer traffic is critically important to the long-run health of the business. That's why Costco executives are hoping that, with its co-branded credit card launch complete, those trends can begin climbing back toward 4% again. Target has a much weaker growth profile. Customer traffic is down 1% over the last nine months, which puts it behind Costco and also trails Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and its 1% uptick. However, there are signs of improvement for the retailer. Target recently hit the high end of its quarterly sales growth goal thanks to a surprise bump in visitors during the key back-to-school shopping time. Management boosted its holiday season outlook, too, and now believes that the company could return to positive comps to close out the 2016 calendar year. The good news for shareholders is that the fastest gains are happening in its most profitable categories, including baby care and apparel. Profits and dividends As a result, Target's gross margin is improving, rising to 31% of sales in 2016 from 30% in the prior year. That compares well with Wal-Mart's 26% and also blows Costco's 13% figure away. TGT gross profit margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Thanks to the stronger income profile, and the fact that Target, unlike Costco, isn't expanding its store footprint at an aggressive pace, the company has far more cash that it can send back to shareholders. Target is one of just a few Dividend Aristocrats that come from the retailing industry, which shows how seriously its management team takes its commitment to cash returns. It has raised its dividend for 45 consecutive years and its current 3.3% yield trounces Costco's 1.1% promise. Finding value Both stocks have ticked down over the last year even as the broader market surged higher, meaning the risk in overpaying for either company has dropped. But don't let their similar price-to-sales ratio convince you that Target and Costco are each valued equally. Despite its lower profitability, Costco has a more stable profit base that's tied to recurring subscription fees. Meanwhile, its (slowing) growth pace is still the fastest in its industry. Remember that rival Wal-Mart's Sam's Club hardly expanded at all over the last fiscal year. Still, income investors might prefer Target over Costco due to its long track record of dividend boosts and its market-thumping yield. In the other key metrics of sales growth, earnings strength, and global market potential, though, the warehouse retailer comes out on top in this matchup. Thus, investors have plenty of good reasons to pay the premium and buy Costco over its retailing rival at today's prices. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Jan 3, 2017 at 4:47PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $67.13 down $0.84 (-1.24%) Target NYSE:TGT $70.19 down $-1.06 (-1.49%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $161.85 down $0.02 (-0.01%) Read More 4 Things Costco's CFO Wants Investors to Know What Does It Cost to Join Costco, Sam's Club, and BJ's? 3 Stocks With a Lot to Prove in December How Risky Is Costco Wholesale Co.? 2 Stocks With Better Dividends Than Costco Wholesale Corporation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Better Buy: Costco Wholesale Corporation vs. Target #stocks $WMT, $TGT, $COST
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Man charged with murder after attacking man with motorcycle helmet at Walmart Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1685468" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Girlfriend of murder victim says suspect should turn himself in (KTRK) KTRK Wednesday, January 04, 2017 TOMBALL, TX (KTRK) -- A man accused of using a motorcycle helmet to kill someone at a Tomball Walmart on Monday has been charged with murder. Surveillance video from the store shows 29-year-old Michael Brandon Jemison and Justin Jones arguing with each other, Tomball police said. According to investigators, Jemison hit Jones with the helmet, causing him to collapse inside the store. Jones died at the hospital. Lindsey Stover says she never imagined starting the new year without "JJ." "He told me he loved me, I told him I loved him. I didn't think that would be the last kiss I ever got from him," Stover said. Jones was a father of two and Stover says had taken on raising her children, too. "He was great with kids. My kids, my sister's kids, his own kids especially," she said. "He was a big kid himself. Happy, full of life." Police say Jones was inside the Walmart early Monday morning with a friend, then had a conversation with Jemison. "We have reason to believe that they knew each other. It appears it has been an ongoing feud between people in that group," said Sgt. Gary Hammond, with the Tomball Police Department. Stover says the friend Jones was withdrawing money to give him before the encounter with Jemison. She believes it was only about $60. "I don't think it was spur of the moment. This guy saw an old enemy," Stover said. She says the incident should have never ended like this. "Stand up, act like a man, you take another man's life, turn yourself in," Stover said. "Own up to what you did and quit hiding." If you have any information, you are asked to contact the Tomball Police Department at 281-351-5451. Related Topics: newsmurderwalmartTomball Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Relive the 'Miracle on the Hudson' on the 8th anniversary At Least 22 Democratic Congress Members Plan to Skip Inauguration Kids burned while roasting marshmallows CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks Eddie Long, scandalous megachurch pastor, dies More News Top Stories PHOTOS: Competing in races with style! Hundreds were medically treated at Houston Marathon PHOTOS: Runners take to the streets Dallas Cowboys comeback falls short to the Green Bay Packers Passengers stuck aboard ship in Galveston Liberty Kitchen provides safety gear to skaters Eddie Long, scandalous megachurch pastor, dies Show More Kids burned while roasting marshmallows Best signs from the 2017 Chevron Houston Marathon PHOTOS: These runners remembered to have fun PHOTOS: 2017 Chevron Houston Marathon finish line Teen killed by stray bullet Sunday morning More News Top Video Teen killed by stray bullet Sunday morning Volunteers turn old water bottles into community art Boys finds pipe bomb in yard, throws it across street Lucasfilm won't digitize Fisher in future 'Star Wars' films More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Super Bowl in Houston Ted Oberg Investigates Entertainment Sports Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Stretch Your Dollar Mirror Mirror Out and About with ABC13 Politics Good News Station Info Your photos and videos ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 24° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mix of frozen precipation late. Tonight Mostly cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 7:55 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Jeff Chiu FILE - This Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, file photo, shows Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. The SoftBank Robotics humanoid robot can greet shoppers and has the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) HONS This photo provided by SoftBank Robotics America demonstrates a shopping experience with SoftBank Robotics' humanoid robot called Pepper, waving at right. The robot can greet shoppers and has the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. (SoftBank Robotics America via AP) AP Here come 'smart stores' with robots, interactive shelves By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Jan 3, 2017 0 Jeff Chiu FILE - This Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, file photo, shows Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. The SoftBank Robotics humanoid robot can greet shoppers and has the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) HONS This photo provided by SoftBank Robotics America demonstrates a shopping experience with SoftBank Robotics' humanoid robot called Pepper, waving at right. The robot can greet shoppers and has the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. (SoftBank Robotics America via AP) LAS VEGAS (AP) — Tomorrow's retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology — everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon's new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper's Amazon account gets automatically charged. "Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path," said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. "Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it's not one-size-fits-all." Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe's are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room — or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial — and error — that technology can't get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it's to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. ___ SMART SHELVES Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what's known as retargeting ads — promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn't actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behavior analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer's permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don't buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ___ ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe's is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people's age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it's working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. ___ INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer's session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. ___ VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot's augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colors until they arrive at one that's right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. ___ SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labor costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn't always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart's hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture's Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech center, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon's lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a "smart" basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. "It all has to go back to the consumer," Gartner's Hetu said. "For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value." ___ AP Business Writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Textile And Apparel Technology Personal Spending Robotics Online Shopping Consumer Electronics Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Personal Finance Computing And Information Technology Shopping Lifestyle Consumer Product Manufacturing × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years US midsection grapples with pesky ice storm; more on way Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts Rock slide closes 2 miles of Zion National Park scenic drive Immigrant groups to rally against Trump's planned crackdown Business Directory Latest Local Offers JBrooke Garage Door LLC Need service on a garage door opener? JBrooke Garage Door has qualified professional technicians that will have your garage door opener operating in no time! Call us today to schedule your free estimate at (608-790-7355. Updated Jan 11, 2017 Ultimate Insulation, LLC Visit Ultimate Insulation LLC online for incentive specials through Focus on Energy. http://www.ultimateinsulationllc.net/ Updated Jan 11, 2017 ≫ today's question Which month is your favorite? You voted: January February March April May June July August September October November December Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Jan 15 Women of the Moose bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 1:00 pm Jan 15 Faith-based sexuality class Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 10:00 am Jan 15 Omelette breakfast Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 8:00 am Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Jan 15 Simple Roots with Pigtown Fling String Band Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 15 Bingo Sun, Jan 15, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30520737.pdf 30519968.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Wehrs Truck and Auto N4477 State Road 162, Bangor, WI 54614 Ads PAVEMAN DESIGNS 216 FILLMORE STREET SE, CHATFIELD, MN 55923 Jolivette Family Farms Inc W3452 State Road 16, West Salem, WI 54669 Bentz Chiropractic Office 1022 S 19th St, La Crosse, WI 54601 Currents +15 Election 2016 Live Looking back on 15 of Trump's most memorable campaign statements +48 Entertainment Photos: Scenes from the red carpet at the 74th annual Golden Globe Awards Entertainment Ranking all of Nicholas Sparks' books from worst to first Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 31°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 31°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Cleanup begins in wake of severe storms that kill 5 in South "Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop," Bordelon said. BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, Updated: January 3, 2017 2:49 pm Follow @AuroraSentinel Crews were assessing damage Tuesday in the aftermath of storms that killed at least five people and brought heavy rain and strong winds to the Southeast. The line of severe thunderstorms spawned several possible tornadoes as the storms moved across Alabama, Georgia and the Florida Panhandle. The worst of the storms had passed through the region by late Tuesday morning as the system headed toward the Atlantic Ocean. Emergency crews gather at the scene after a storm ripped through a mobile home killing several people in Rehobeth, Ala., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. (Jay Hare/Dothan Eagle via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through the area Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Crews work to remove downed trees and debris on Highway 49 South in Covington County, Miss., near Collins, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Elijah Baylis/The Clarion-Ledger via AP) Debris lies on the ground after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., moved through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) People examine a barn owned by the Miller family that was destroyed during a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Items lie scattered about after a storm south of Mount Olive, Miss., took of the roof Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Forecasters say damaging winds, hail and flash flooding will be possible on Monday as a storm system moves across the South. (Ryan Moore/WDAM-TV via AP) Four people were killed Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama, said Kris Ware, a spokeswoman for the Dothan Houston County Emergency Management Agency. Teams of surveyors were headed out Tuesday to assess apparent tornado damage at three sites in southeastern Alabama and southwestern Georgia, said Mark Wool, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Tallahassee, Florida. Wool said authorities believe a tornado is responsible for damage that left the four people dead in Alabama, but he said the weather service won’t be able to say for sure until experts visit the site. Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley said in a statement on social media that the Houston County sheriff had told him about the deaths and he offered “prayers for those impacted.” In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement that 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found Monday afternoon following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. Authorities said Corley’s car was partially submerged and his body was floating face-down nearby. The sheriff’s office said Corley’s death remained under investigation, but no foul play was suspected. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Walmart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Walmart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 yards and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Walmart spokeswoman Erica Jones said the Arkansas-based company hopes to reopen the store Tuesday, but wasn’t sure that will happen, citing needed repairs to a natural gas line. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. Other possible tornadoes will be surveyed later. In Louisiana, there was also relatively serious damage in the southwestern parishes of Beauregard and Allen, including the town of Reeves. Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state. Tens of thousands lost power in Louisiana and Mississippi at the height of the storm, according to utilities. Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service’s New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas. An area stretching from Biloxi, Mississippi, through Alabama and across Macon and Augusta, Georgia, received more than 4 inches of rain Monday, according to radar estimates. Parts of southern Mississippi and southwest Alabama have received more than 8 inches of rain since Saturday. Though rivers along the Gulf Coast were rising rapidly Monday, only minor flooding was predicted. Rains in recent weeks have eased drought conditions across parts of the Southeast, according to reports from the National Drought Mitigation Center in Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite the rain and storms, large parts of north Alabama and north Georgia remain in “exceptional drought” — the most severe category — according to the center’s most recent report on the drought issued last week. A new report is due out Thursday. Tags: ap Top Videos TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Police: Beating on video began after friendly encounter — VIDEO CLIPS OF COPS FRIDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Amazon Fire TV will be built-in to new 4K TVs this year +3,686 Joe Fedewa Jan 3rd, 2017 The “TV” in Amazon Fire TV is about to get a lot more real. Westinghouse, Element, and Seiki will release new 4K TVs this year with Amazon’s TV OS and Alexa built right in. No set-top box or HDMI stick needed. There will be four TVs in total: 43-inch, 50-inch, 55-inch, and 65-inch. These brands are typically found at retailers like Walmart, Target, and Best Buy. The only thing we know about the TVs themselves is the screen size and 4K resolution. They will also have remotes with a dedicated Alexa button for voice commands. All of the services and apps from Fire TV will, of course, be included, but since it’s built-in you will get easier access to cable and OTA channels. These TVs will be available sometime “later this year.” We don’t have an exact timeframe or pricing information. Are you interested in a TV with Amazon built-in? [via PR Newswire] local_offer    Amazon Alexa   Amazon Fire TV   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Alexa dominated CES Amazon Alexa drives a VW Alexa comes to Ford cars The Huawei Mate 9 is coming to the US for $599 This smart fridge runs WebOS and include Amazon's Alexa stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertLatest OxygenOS update comes to the OnePlus 3T closeOnePlus pushes the latest OxygenOS Nougat update to the OnePlus 3 and 3T After users were discovered to be unable to download apps from the Play Store, OnePlus released a bug fix update for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. 2 more_vertGalaxy S8 to have IP68 rating closeSamsung Galaxy S8 is expected to feature IP68 water resistance The Samsung Galaxy S8 is rumored to have IP68 water resistance. Are you surprised? 3 more_vertGoogle wants users to try "the new Google Voice" closeGoogle prematurely asks users to try the ‘the new Google Voice’ before it’s live Voice users logging into their inbox, are being greeted by a mysterious banner at the top of the site asking them to try “the new Google Voice.” Is Google Voice about to make a comeback? 4 more_vertFacebook suffers battery issues again closeFacebook draining your battery again? There’s a really quick solution this time Yet another issue is causing battery drain in Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Thankfully, there’s one simple thing you can do to solve your problems. 5 more_vertHands-on: Samsung Chromebook Pro closeHands-on: The Samsung Chromebook Pro is built to compete with the iPad Pro [VIDEO] Where this Chromebook really shines is the display and stylus. The display can be rotated 360-degrees, which allows you to take advantage of the touchscreen in tablet mode. A laptop with a touchscreen isn’t exactly unique these days, but Samsung has also included a stylus. 6 more_vertHTC U Ultra vs Competition closeHTC U Ultra vs LG V20 vs Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus [CHART] If HTC wants to play the phablet game they have to compete with the other phablets on the market. We’ve compiled a few of the top big phones on the market for comparison. 7 more_vertSamsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less closeSamsung’s newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Samsung Display’s new video showcases just how thin bezels can be with its new AMOLED panels. Is this the display that will appear in the Galaxy S8? 8 more_vertNokia 6 doesn't run CyanogenMod closeNo, the Nokia 6 is not running CyanogenMod 14 If you happen to hear that the Nokia 6 will be running CyanogenMod this week, remember what you read here: it most likely won’t. 9 more_vertLG G6 to have 18:9 5.7-inch QHD display closeLG announces new 18:9 QHD LCD panel for the LG G6 The unveiling of the LG G6 is still more than a month away, but it looks like LG isn’t interested in waiting until Mobile World Congress to share important details about its 2017 flagship smartphone. After revealing that the LG G6 would not be a modular device, LG has now announced the new “QHD+” display … 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 case renders closeRenders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 seem to confirm the removal of the home button The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the topic of much discussion lately. A lot of rumors are flying around. New renders seem to confirm some of the rumors we’ve heard. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin does Trump’s first press conference A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes New England Patriots atop list of evilest of Evil Empires Texas man uses metal detector, makes stunning discovery Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History SpongeBob scores salty legal victory against Houston-based Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs to Colorado Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning materials Students identified as vandals behind pro-Trump graffiti on Rice US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos This creepy genealogy site knows a lot about you Roughly $830K worth in narcotics discovered in spare tire at How the US Army plans to stay current in the new year Researchers find city of 'Monkey God,' nearly lose faces Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI NFL: Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Rockets return to winning ways with rout of Nets Clutch Aaron Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Rockets don't plan to rest during busy week Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Real estate in brief People in Business A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work The Worst Movies of All Time Mayor Sylvester Turner capitalizing on Super Bowl fanfare to Taste of Italy Houston set for March 6 Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Socialites fete Louis Vuitton for UNICEF From pancakes to chili cheese dogs: Each state's favorite Video: Florida dog riding on top of crate on freeway sparks Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/crime/article/Florida-man-83-hits-car-salesman-in-the-head-10832691.php Florida man, 83, hits car salesman in the head with golf club after winning gift card Will Axford, Houston Chronicle Published 2:52 pm, Tuesday, January 3, 2017 Photo: Sarasota County Jail Image 1of/32 Caption Close Image 1 of 32 Police in Florida have charged Linsey Dean Owens, 83, with two counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Owens is accused of hitting a car salesman in the head with a golf club after only winning a $5 Walmart gift card as a scratch-off ticket prize.  Click through the slideshow to see other strange crimes that have been committed in the Sunshine State.   less Police in Florida have charged Linsey Dean Owens, 83, with two counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Owens is accused of hitting a car salesman in the head with a golf club after only winning a $5 ... more Photo: Sarasota County Jail Image 2 of 32 Click through the gallery to see photos from the craziest crimes that have happened in Florida. Click through the gallery to see photos from the craziest crimes that have happened in Florida. Photo: Courtesy Image 3 of 32 Rep. Alcee Hastings, D-Fla., started a nasty fight in Congress when he dared to call Texas "crazy." Perhaps the esteemed congressman should look to his constituency because if we're crazy, then Florida is clinically insane. See more of the strangest crime stories to come from America's wackiest state state in the following slides. less Rep. Alcee Hastings, D-Fla., started a nasty fight in Congress when he dared to call Texas "crazy." Perhaps the esteemed congressman should look to his constituency because if we're crazy, then Florida is ... more Photo: Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP Image 4 of 32 A Key West food runner wasn't quick enough to evade police in late January 2015. Police officers said Orion Jones, 20, was drunk at a nightclub and urinated on a waitress from atop a balcony. Source: Miami Herald less A Key West food runner wasn't quick enough to evade police in late January 2015. Police officers said Orion Jones, 20, was drunk at a nightclub and urinated on a waitress from atop a balcony. Source: Miami ... more Photo: Key West Police Department Image 5 of 32 In late January 2015, Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies say they arrested Stewart McNeal, a failed doughnut store robber. McNeal had apparently tried to rob a Dunkin' Donuts at gunpoint, but was ignored by the store clerk. Upon his arrest, he told arresting officers he "wasn't very good at this robbery thing." Source: Palm Beach Post less In late January 2015, Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies say they arrested Stewart McNeal, a failed doughnut store robber. McNeal had apparently tried to rob a Dunkin' Donuts at gunpoint, but was ignored by ... more Photo: Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Image 6 of 32 A night of Waka Flocka Flame led to tragedy of Waka Flocka proportions in Florida's Brevard County in late January 2015. Rodney Clay Patrick Jr., 22, acted out lyrics to the song "Bustin' at 'Em" and fatally shot his friend. Source: NBC News less A night of Waka Flocka Flame led to tragedy of Waka Flocka proportions in Florida's Brevard County in late January 2015. Rodney Clay Patrick Jr., 22, acted out lyrics to the song "Bustin' at 'Em" and fatally ... more Photo: Brevard County Sheriff's Office Image 7 of 32 A police chase was brought to an abrupt end by nap time, according to the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office. Kevin Lee Barbour, 37, was running away from pursuing officers in Pensacola. He was later found snoring underneath a trailer. Source: Pensacola News Journal less A police chase was brought to an abrupt end by nap time, according to the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office. Kevin Lee Barbour, 37, was running away from pursuing officers in Pensacola. He was later found ... more Photo: Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office Image 8 of 32 Police in Florida say a Wal-Mart shopper denied slipping $35 worth of beef tongue into his pants, but the telltale tongue told a different story.  Police in Florida say a Wal-Mart shopper denied slipping $35 worth of beef tongue into his pants, but the telltale tongue told a different story.  Photo: Lisa Poole, STF Image 9 of 32 In July, a Florida barber shop owner was accused of moonlighting as an illegal strip club operator on weekends. Police say they raided the shop and found a 17-year-old girl stripping inside and liquor being sold on the premises. less In July, a Florida barber shop owner was accused of moonlighting as an illegal strip club operator on weekends. Police say they raided the shop and found a 17-year-old girl stripping inside and liquor being ... more Photo: Online Dish, Newsfix Image 10 of 32 Around mid-June 2014, Daytona Beach police say Alonzo Liverman attempted to exchange a salad for oral sex.. Unfortunately for him, the person he was bartering with was an undercover officer. less Around mid-June 2014, Daytona Beach police say ... more Photo: Daytona Beach Police Department Image 11 of 32 Crystal Metheney is her name but drugs weren't her game in May 2013. Metheney was arrested for throwing a hard object into a vehicle in Florida's Polk County, deputies say. Photo: Polk County Sheriff's Office Image 12 of 32 New Smyrna Beach's Robert Charles Kelley IV, 18, used his phone to capture video of his reckless driving. He hit four cars, and caused two wrecks. And then got arrested. New Smyrna Beach's Robert Charles Kelley IV, 18, used his phone to capture video of his reckless driving. He hit four cars, and caused two wrecks. And then got arrested. Image 13 of 32 Orlando's WFTV-TV reports a womanset fire to her boyfriend's car outside a Jacksonville McDonald's restaurant. The reason? He refused to buy her a McFlurry. less Orlando's WFTV-TV reports a woman ... more Image 14 of 32 While James Olivos' crime of real estate fraud wasn't odd, his excuse for avoiding his prison sentence was. Months after being sentenced, Olivos contended his morbid obesity prevented him from going to prison. less While James Olivos' crime of real estate fraud wasn't odd, his excuse for avoiding his prison sentence was. Months after being sentenced, Olivos ... more Image 15 of 32 In March 2014, Tampa Bay Police said Bernard Marsonek was seen having sex with a pit bull at his home. Neighbors told officers they yelled at Marsonek to stop but to no avail. In March 2014, Tampa Bay Police said Bernard Marsonek was seen having sex with a pit bull at his home. Neighbors told officers they yelled at Marsonek to stop but to no avail. Image 16 of 32 Stuart Police say Michael Moore, 61, was driving drunk along U.S. 1. When asked about where he was going, Moore said he was drinking at home and told his wife he was going to "drive it off." less Stuart Police say Michael Moore, 61, was driving drunk along U.S. 1. When asked about where he was going, Moore said he was drinking at home and told his wife he was going to ... more Image 17 of 32 Christine O'Keefe was charged with misdemeanor battery after deputies say she threw a used diaper at her daughter. Caldwell told deputies the fight began because her mother was drunk while taking care of her 2-year-old son. less Christine O'Keefe was charged with misdemeanor battery after deputies say she threw a used diaper at her daughter. Caldwell told deputies the fight began because her mother was drunk while taking care of her ... more Photo: PRN Image 18 of 32 In March 2014, Gainesville Police reported a man was urinating on people at locations near the University of Florida campus. They are still looking for him. In March 2014, Gainesville Police reported a man was urinating on people at locations near the University of Florida campus. They are still looking for him. Photo: Doug Pensinger, Getty Images Image 19 of 32 Coral Springs Police say a charter school teacher forced a student to clean a dirty urinal with his bare hands. She was charged with child battery. less Coral Springs Police say a charter school teacher forced a student to clean a ... more Image 20 of 32 In late 2013, Florida wildlife officials said a man tried to trade a live alligator for a 12-pack of beer at a Miami convenience store. The man received a citation and the alligator was released back into the wild. less In late 2013, Florida wildlife officials said a man tried to trade a live alligator for a 12-pack of beer at a Miami convenience store. The man received a citation and the alligator was released back into the ... more Photo: ERIC FEFERBERG, AFP/Getty Images Image 21 of 32 Police had to arrest a 77-year-old man at Walmart after he fought with an elderly disabled man. The problem? The disabled man was in the express lane with too many items. Police had to arrest a 77-year-old man at Walmart after he fought with an elderly disabled man. The problem? The disabled man was in the express lane with too many items. Image 22 of 32 In 2011, Oneal Ron Morris was accused of posing as a doctor and administering illegal butt injections to her customers. Dubbed Florida's "Toxic Tush", police say she used super glue and Fix-a-Flat in the injections, causing painful injuries. less In 2011, Oneal Ron Morris was accused of posing as a doctor and administering illegal butt injections to her customers. Dubbed Florida's "Toxic Tush", police say she used super glue and Fix-a-Flat in the ... more Image 23 of 32 A McDonald's customer was arrested after reportedly stealing a $1 cup of soda from a Fla. restaurant. A McDonald's customer was arrested after reportedly stealing a $1 cup of soda from a Fla. restaurant. Image 24 of 32 Lawanda Lowery-Gale was arrested in 2012 for drunken driving. Police say she was on her way to a bar with her eight children in the van she was driving. Lawanda Lowery-Gale was arrested in 2012 for drunken driving. Police say she was on her way to a bar with her eight children in the van she was driving. Image 25 of 32 Andy Vincent Gatz was arrested after throwing Cheeze-It crackers at a woman during an Earth Day event. One of the crackers injured the woman's eye. Andy Vincent Gatz was arrested after throwing Cheeze-It crackers at a woman during an Earth Day event. One of the crackers injured the woman's eye. Image 26 of 32 In 2014, police say Melissa Bopp stabbed her fiance after he refused to take her to a liquor store. The pair was supposed to be married a week later. In 2014, police say Melissa Bopp stabbed her fiance after he refused to take her to a liquor store. The pair was supposed to be married a week later. Image 27 of 32 Ryan Lee Carroll's no Walter White, but that didn't stop deputies from thinking the "Breaking Bad" fan was following in his footsteps. Ryan Lee Carroll's no Walter White, but that didn't stop deputies from thinking the "Breaking Bad" fan was following in his footsteps. Image 28 of 32 Police arrested Harry Bruder after he sent a Facebook friend request to his ex-wife. In her and the police's defense, Bruder had a history of domestic abuse charges stemming from that marriage. Police arrested Harry Bruder after he sent a Facebook friend request to his ex-wife. In her and the police's defense, Bruder had a history of domestic abuse charges stemming from that marriage. Image 29 of 32 Everyone else may have been laughing, but not this Fla. reporter. While covering a story, Jean Price confronted the reporter and stole his vehicle, driving away before dumping the vehicle. Everyone else may have been laughing, but not this Fla. reporter. While covering a story, Jean Price confronted the reporter and stole his vehicle, driving away before dumping the vehicle. Image 30 of 32 A Fla. woman turned herself in after police received photos of her riding amanatee. Manatees are an endangered species. A Fla. woman turned herself in after police received photos of her riding amanatee. Manatees are an endangered species. Image 31 of 32 A suspected grifter was arrested after trying to pass himself off as Jermaine Jackson's son. A suspected grifter was arrested after trying to pass himself off as Jermaine Jackson's son. Image 32 of 32 Florida man, 83, hits car salesman in the head with golf club after winning gift card 1 / 32 Back to Gallery A Florida man who reportedly wasn't happy with his winnings from a scratch-off ticket is accused of attacking a car salesman with a golf club.  Linsey Dean Owens, 83, is charged with two counts of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, according to the Herald-Tribune in Sarasota.  TRAGIC: Man from Texas drowns in Gulf off Florida Panhandle beach Car salesman Christian Robertson told the Herald-Tribune that Owens gave his scratch-off ticket to a sales associate at a tent and expected to win a decent prize. Instead, Owens was awarded a $5 Walmart gift card. Robertson said he was helping other customers when Owens drove his car down an aisle and bumped Robertson with the side mirror of his car.  Robertson told news station WFLA that Owens got out of his car and got a golf club out of his trunk. Owens then allegedly hit Robertson on the right side of his face with the golf club. WFLA reports the hit knocked Robertson's cell phone out of his hands, which he was using to record the incident.  This is the video of an 83 yo man attaching a car salesman in Sarasota last night pic.twitter.com/eMXbrjbMOd— John Rogers (@WFLAJohn) December 29, 2016 IN THE NUDE: Naked man subdued on Florida highway, later dies say police  Owens then reportedly got into his car and drove off. Deputies with the Sarasota County Sheriff's Office arrested Owens at his home after an interview, the news station reports.  Robertson told WFLA that initially he was angry about the incident and hopes Owens "gets some anger management and some counseling."    Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Buzzfeed: Whataburger is the best burger joint ever Sid Miller shares fake story about immigrants Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died The Lead Amazon's Alexa throws serious shade at the Texans Home needed: Lost dog walked children to their cars Texans' Vince Wilfork says he's likely to retire 3 decades after brutal killings, last defendant is no more A Most Wanted arrest near the Texas-Mexico border Students identified as vandals behind graffiti at Rice Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning memorabilia 1 dead after shooting at Greater Inwood birthday party LinkedIn reveals the 20 highest-paying jobs in the US MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS SpongeBob legal case wins against Houston company 18 great Houston meals for $9 and under Cartel member sentenced for mutilating man HUD: Houston housing policies violate Civil Rights Act T-shirt maker has finally had enough of 290 traffic Runners take to street for Houston Marathon Houston's best gyms according to Yelp! Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff loss How John McClain graded the Texans after their loss Latest News Video The Lead Amazon's Alexa throws serious shade at the Texans Home needed: Lost dog walked children to their cars Texans' Vince Wilfork says he's likely to retire 3 decades after brutal killings, last defendant is no more A Most Wanted arrest near the Texas-Mexico border Students identified as vandals behind graffiti at Rice Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning memorabilia 1 dead after shooting at Greater Inwood birthday party Most Read 1 Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff performance 2 Brock Osweiler unravels in Texans' fall in Foxborough 3 Texans batter Tom Brady, still lose to Patriots in playoffs 4 Astros' Collin McHugh calls out Donald Trump on Twitter 5 John McClain's report card for Texans-Patriots playoff game 6 Alexandria Vera, former middle school teacher impregnated by... 7 A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes 8 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 9 A Texas man took a friend to a Cowboys game, and left him there 10 Students identified as vandals behind pro-Trump graffiti on... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Domestic violence accounted for nearly a third of Utah homicides in 2016 By MARIAH NOBLE | The Salt Lake Tribune First Published Dec 31 2016 09:36AM    •    Last Updated Jan 03 2017 01:42 pm (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Multiple bullet holes speckle the side of a VW in the far end of an American Fork Wal-Mart parking lot near 900 West and 300 South, where a woman was shot and killed on Dec. 4, 2016. The suspect was soon pursued to a nearby movie theater where he died in a confrontation with police. (Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune) Multiple bullet holes speckle the side of a VW in the far end of an American Fork Wal-Mart parking lot near 900 West and 300 South, where a woman was shot and killed on Dec. 4, 2016. The suspect was soon pursued to a nearby movie theater where he died in a confrontation with police. Tribune’s tally » Utah’s high number of fatal attacks by relatives or cohabitants may be partly attributed to culture, birth rate, some experts say. Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (4) On the night of Dec. 4, Utah Valley dispatchers received a frantic 911 call from a woman begging for help in the last moments of her life. Sue Ann Sands screamed in terror from inside her lime green Volkswagen Beetle, which her ex-boyfriend had rammed with his SUV before coming at her with a gun in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart in American Fork, according to police. James Dean Smith fired at least seven rounds into Sands' car — one of them fatally striking the 39-year-old woman in the head. Minutes later, Smith died during a shootout with police. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Two weeks earlier, Smith, 33, had been served with a protective order after giving Sands a beating that left bruises all over her face and body, her mother told KUTV. Of the 63 homicides in Utah in 2016, at least 20 — nearly 30 percent — were reportedly the result of domestic violence, or violence at the hands of a family member or cohabitant, according to The Salt Lake Tribune's unofficial tally, which is based on information from police and prosecutors. See the list of 2016 homicide victims While that number is on par with the national average of 30 percent, Jenn Oxborrow of the Utah Domestic Violence Coalition said domestic violence-related homicides in Utah have accounted for 42 percent of homicides statewide over the last 16 years. Utah has a "squeaky clean" reputation in a lot of things, she said, but domestic and sexual violence are not part of them. The UDVC is a private nonprofit group designated by the federal government to coordinate efforts to combat domestic violence in the state. Of the Utah deaths related to domestic violence this year, the youngest victim was an 8-week-old girl who allegedly was abused by her father. She was one of at least six Utah children who died as the result of domestic violence and abuse. Part of the reason so many children are victims of lethal domestic violence in Utah, Oxborrow said, is because the state has a high birth rate to begin with, and many mothers fear they will lose custody of their children if they report domestic violence because they have exposed their children to a dangerous environment. Also, the wage gap in Utah between women and men is bigger than in many other states, she said, and women are often afraid they won't be able to survive financially if they lose their household's main income, provided by their abusers. "It's just a really bad combination of factors," Oxborrow said. "People are staying in really dangerous relationships for a long time." While men and women can be perpetrators or victims of domestic violence, she said that 88 percent of offenders are male. Of the 20 deaths in 2016 resulting from domestic violence, 18 accused perpetrators were men, one was a woman and in one case a suspect has not yet been named by police. Of the 17 women and girls who were homicide victims, 11 died as the result of domestic violence. Nine domestic-violence victims were male. The oldest victim of domestic violence was a 73-year-old Logan woman believed to have been fatally shot by her husband who later killed himself. "I am astonished at how many really dangerous domestic-violence abusers are allowed to have guns in Utah," Oxborrow said. "It's stunning. ... Having a gun in a domestic-violence situation is like pouring gas on fire." A state study from 2010 to 2013 showed that of 86 domestic violence-related homicides, 59 percent were shootings, Oxborrow said. And, of those, 39 percent of the perpetrators had a prior criminal domestic-violence history. When a gun is present in a domestic-violence situation, it increases the risk of homicide by 500 percent for women, according to a 2014 study conducted by Everytown, a gun-safety advocacy group. Of the total number of Utah homicides in 2016, at least 35 were shootings. Nine of those were domestic-violence related, while other cases of lethal domestic violence involved starvation, drowning, physical beating, stabbing or strangulation. At least three of the domestic homicides reported were followed by the suicide of the perpetrator. "Utah has a lot of work to do when it comes to holding people accountable for perpetrated domestic violence," Oxborrow said. In other parts of the country, a standard response to domestic violence is a mandatory, court-ordered 26-week intervention program, she said, but the Utah court system does not mandate such offender programming. A 2016 amendment to the state's Cohabitant Abuse Procedures Act made domestic-violence treatment optional for those convicted of domestic abuse. Of those with a previous criminal domestic-violence history, Oxborrow said 12 percent are enrolled in such a program, which seeks to coordinate safety and hold people "accountable to the violence they've perpetrated." "In Utah, we've tethered this to our mental-health system, and it's one more way of watering down the accountability for a domestic violence perpetrator," said Oxborrow, a licensed clinical social worker. "If mental-health issues are a factor in it, then that should be assessed for sure," but domestic violence should be treated and prosecuted as a violent crime. She also believes victims throughout the state need more support and resources. Oxborrow said friends and family members are too often "incredulous" and skeptical when they are clued in about a case of domestic violence. Additionally, she said, data collected by the state show that 2 percent of female victims of lethal domestic violence in the last 16 years have had a protective order against their killers. "That tells me people don't know where to go," Oxborrow said. Even when they do find resources, she said, the programs frequently are overwhelmed. In Utah, she said, 17 programs partner with the UDVC to serve 29 counties. Part of the reason there are so few programs is because there is no dedicated state funding for the cause, Oxborrow added. Most states set aside between $1 million and $8 million, she said, but "in Utah, sometimes we get about $400,000 of state money." Despite having limited resources, Oxborrow says the UDVC has a goal to never turn away someone seeking help. Free, confidential resources are available through the Utah Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-897-LINK (5465). More information can be found at udvc.org. Editor's note: The Tribune's homicide count excludes deaths charged as negligent homicides, those caused by impaired drivers, and deaths deemed justified as self-defense by prosecutors. Also excluded from the list are officer-involved shootings determined to have been justified. mnoble@sltrib.com Twitter: @mnoblenews   Share This Article RELATED STORIES 2016 closes with a rise in Utah homicides Published January 2, 2017 ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 4 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment RELATED STORIES 2016 closes with a rise in Utah homicides Published January 2, 2017 POPULAR NEWS Kirby: Wait'll you see how much the Mormon church pays me How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Meet the Utahns going to Washington to celebrate -- and protest -- Trump's inauguration Chaffetz won't launch 'fishing expedition' into Trump's finances Utah group The Piano Guys set to perform at Trump's presidential inauguration Body of Utah man suspected of shooting estranged wife found in park EPA says it can't pay economic damages from massive mine spill that sent tainted water into Utah ELEVATE 3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () RELATED STORIES 2016 closes with a rise in Utah homicides Published January 2, 2017 News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Screen Rant You Are Reading: The Best-Selling Video Games of 2016 According to Amazon Share On Facebook Comments (1) Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next 39 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment The Best-Selling Video Games of 2016 According to Amazon By Benjamin Eaton 01.03.2017 1 Comment 39 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment The landscape of retail has changed dramatically in recent years, as traditional retailers have responded to the growth of e-commerce. At the forefront of the Internet shopping revolution is Amazon: The online marketplace was recently announced as the world’s eight-largest retailer, and is easily the top Internet-based retailer in the world. While supermarkets like Walmart still have the edge over Amazon in terms of game sales, the online behemoth is slowly catching up. Amazon recently announced its best-selling video games of 2016, and while the list is mostly reflective of trends seen throughout the gaming sector, a few contenders scored surprisingly low on the list. Discounting peripherals, vouchers, and network subscriptions, Amazon‘s best-selling game of the year was Pokémon Sun for Nintendo 3DS, followed immediately by its partner release, Pokémon Moon. These latest instalments in the franchise introduced fans and first time players to the seventh generation of Pokémon, as well as a host of new features and radical game-play changes. This year, the franchise celebrated its 20th anniversary, and the long overdue overhaul is a welcome change to a once beloved formula. Following those successful Nintendo entries is Final Fantasy XV for PlayStation 4, a technical marvel that promises to be a “Final Fantasy game for fans and first-timers”. The game was preceded by the animated film Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV, which explores events in the world running parallel to those in the game. Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End claims the next spot, followed by AAA titles such as: Madden NFL 17 (for both Xbox and PlayStation); The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim – Special Edition; Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare; FIFA 17; and Tom Clancy’s: The Division. Uncharted: A Thief’s End The list is comprised mostly of AAA games, and there’s a noticeable trend towards easily recognizable games ranking higher than others which were rated critically higher throughout the year. Blizzard’s brand new IP, Overwatch was one of the most critically successful first person shooters of the year, but it failed to sell as well on Amazon as the latest annual release in the Call of Duty series. Similarly, Bethesda’s spectacular Dishonored 2 appears as low as #85 on the list. This correlation could simply be down to ease of access, considering the substantial benefits that Amazon often offers to its customers. Discounts against brick-and-mortar store prices, free deliveries, and simple pre-orders make shopping for in-demand and already popular games easier and cheaper than ever. Avoiding the queues and potential disappointment of annual release dates is enough to draw some customers to shop online. The list is limited by the extent of Amazon’s products, however, and there’s a glaring lack of indie projects available on both the PlayStation Store and Xbox Marketplace. It’s little surprise therefore that the top three best-sellers in the video games category were PlayStation store cards. Source: Amazon BY: Benjamin Eaton @@Singapore_Rice TAGS: call of duty infinite warfare, final fantasy, pokemon, the division, uncharted Comments (1) 39 Shares ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment More in Game News Canceled Darth Maul Video Game Characters & Art Revealed 15 Old Video Games You’ve Played – But Can’t Remember The Name Of Injustice 2 Teasers Hint At New Story Trailer On ScreenRant.com Trending Latest Topics TV News New Rebels Clip Reveals Darksaber Origins Lists 20 Actors Who Could Play Darkseid TV News Jerome Returns in Gotham Midseason Premiere Movie News Black Panther Features Young T'Challa In School Lists Smallville: The Ultimate Superman Story TV News Mark Hamill Narrates More Donald Trump Movie News Rogue One Crew Reveals Hammerhead Fate TV News Why The Defenders TV Shows Are on Netflix Star Wars 8 Justice League Wonder Woman Spider-Man: Homecoming Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 The Batman Avengers: Infinity War War for the Planet of the Apes Follow Us ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US © 2015 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 58° 58° Low 52° High 71° Mon 53° 73° Tue 59° 72° Wed 52° 65° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Greater Alabama Survival Expo comes to Von Braun Center Jan. 7-8 Posted 1:47 pm, January 3, 2017, by WHNT News 19, Updated at 06:13AM, January 6, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Photo: Facebook.com/rkpreppershows HUNTSVILLE, Ala. – Chances are you know a prepper or survivalist, or you may be interested in this type of lifestyle. This weekend, as many as 2,500 area preppers and survivalists will visit the Von Braun Center. The Greater Alabama Survival Expo visits Huntsville January 7-8, and 350 exhibitors are signed up.  RK Prepper Shows visited last July and said the event was a huge success. What does it mean to be self-reliant? For starters, with natural disasters or man–made threats taking place seemingly every day, a self-reliant family does not rely on FEMA or the local government for help. Some call themselves survivalists, homesteaders, or preppers. Others simply seek to live a more natural, and or off-grid, lifestyle. A recent RK Prepper Expo in Pensacola While some experts believe there are 4 million survivalists nationwide and another 3 million off-grid homesteaders, it’s no surprise that a healthy industry has grown seemingly overnight. “There is no doubt that anyone paying attention to the business world will see that even the most vanilla retailers are responding to a growing demand for tools and gear that appeal to the prepared individual,” said Morgan Stewart, editor of the survival business trade publication Paratus Business News. “Public concern over annual threats like tornadoes, hurricanes or ice storms, and potential threats like terrorist attacks, or even Ebola and Zika, has spiked recently and spawned a growing interest in self-reliance by average people.” A recent RK Prepper Expo in Pensacola Stewart said that when major corporations like Wal-Mart, Barnes & Noble and sporting goods stores dedicate sections to survival gear or preparedness planning, it reflects a high level of market demand. It also inspires entrepreneurs to jump into the business. And that’s what the Greater Alabama Survival Expo offers the people of the region around Huntsville. The Rocket City will be the center of the survivalist world. Attendees will have the opportunity to shop for gear and products offered by local vendors and from across the nation, while also learning important skills from the survival industry’s top experts. “It’s not all products for surviving in the bush without electricity, although that is an important component of the show,” said Rex Kehrli, RK Prepper Shows CEO. “Many people define preparedness as simply redirecting parts of their lives to a more natural, self-sufficient way of living. The products on sale, presentations, and demonstrations are about more than surviving an emergency. Attendees will learn natural, do-it-yourself living skills.” Of course, fear isn’t the only driver of the preparedness movement. There is a healthy amount of prudent thinking that drives most families to prepare for emergencies. Even the Federal government recognizes the benefits of a prepared citizenry, and proved it when it declared September as National Preparedness Month. A past RK Prepper event Attendees of the Greater Alabama Survival Expo can test and buy tactical and outdoors gear, essential oils, heirloom seeds, homesteading equipment, emergency food and medical supplies, and more. The expo features more than a dozen speakers discussing, and demonstrating, topics, such as survival medicine, beating the prepper stigma, essential oils, disaster preparedness, bush craft, emergency clothing, self-defense, and emergency food preparation and storage. The expo takes place at the Von Braun Center – South Hall 2, 700 Monroe St. in Huntsville. It opens Saturday, Jan. 7 at 9 a.m. and runs till 5 p.m. And again, Sunday, Jan. 8 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Adult one-day tickets cost $12, and $5 for children. The admission price includes all seminars except the Sunday survival medicine suture class. There are additional parking fees. Here’s more information on Facebook. -Information provided by RK Prepper Shows 34.726983 -86.590786 The Von Braun Center is located at 700 Monroe St SW, Huntsville, AL 35801. Filed in: Huntsville Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Small earthquake shakes northwest Alabama Friday afternoon Man brings 300,000 pennies to DMV to ‘inconvenience’ the state Ronald Bert Smith executed for murder of Huntsville convenience store clerk Superintendent responds to news of high school coach arrest in Jackson County Latest News You may qualify for free tax preparation services with Impact Alabama Woman who didn’t know she was pregnant gives birth to healthy girl Australian news anchor berates colleague over top in viral video Broadway star Jennifer Holliday backs out on Trump inauguration Huntsville Greater Alabama Survival Expo not just for preppers Sports UAH drops series finale to Bowling Green Eat. Play. Do. Huntsville’s Christmas Parade is tonight at 6PM Noon Interviews ‘The Big Event’ on Oct. 28 will help local organizations learn important tools for business Alabama TONIGHT: Alabama, Arkansas State to play in Rocket City Classic at VBC Alabama Alabama tops Arkansas State 67-52 in the first Rocket City Classic Wednesday Huntsville News Hundreds worship at Von Braun Center on Christmas Eve Noon Interviews Greater Huntsville Humane Society hosts 28th Annual Dog Ball Community Huntsville 32nd Annual Under the Christmas Tree Holiday Shopping Extravaganza Noon Interviews The Huntsville Ballet Company presents The Nutcracker Huntsville The annual Huntsville Christmas Parade is coming back with Seussian flair Sports Tickets still available for tonight’s high school basketball doubleheader featuring Lee, Jemison at VBC Sports Jemison wins, Lee Falls in Broadway Group high school basketball double header Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Rare earth firm sees profit fall UN: Asia’s e-waste rising fast Wanda says turnover drops 14% in 2016 Toyota to recall Lexus in China Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Fetus network Concern over children’s education burden Yang highlights plans for public transport New traffic law 100 parking lots Earlier start Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Chile beats Iceland to capture first China Cup title Everton hits 4 goals past hapless City CFA to restrict foreign players on the pitch Pakistan beats Australia Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Professor studies urban life from window seat Donated works from collector, patriot Institute shares lessons on China’s growth Schubert’s divine works on the clarinet The trials and tribulations of Eileen Chang Turning the page, bookworms find solace Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News China offers hope in fight against protectionism For those reading tea leaves, local love for coffee looks destined for further growth After successes at Hangzhou G20, it’s Germany’s turn to keep momentum going Trump leads US economy into uncharted waters Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Giacometti auction Israel baseball team courts American Jews Russian institute guards world’s lost plants US officials list a bee as endangered for first time Preserving heritage through ersatz development models A fusion of traditional and contemporary Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: CFA to restrict foreign players on the pitch Everton hits 4 goals past hapless City Pakistan beats Australia Dakar winners Chile beats Iceland to capture first China Cup title The story appears on Page A12 January 4, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 The humble ballpoint pen has become a new symbol of China’s innovation economy 一支不起眼的圆珠笔成为了中国创新经济的新标志 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » World Lethal storms kill at least 5 in US southeast Source: AP | January 4, 2017, Wednesday | Print Edition AT least five people have been killed as severe storms moved across America’s southeast, bringing heavy rain and strong winds. Four were killed on Monday evening when a tree fell on their mobile home in Rehobeth, Alabama. In Florida, the Walton County Sheriff’s Office said 70-year-old William Patrick Corley’s body was found on Monday following flooding near the Shoal River in Mossy Head. State emergency officials reported no injuries or deaths in Louisiana and Mississippi, but a trip to Wal-Mart was memorable for some shoppers in Marksville, Louisiana, as severe weather blew out skylights in the store, sending water and glass cascading onto shoppers. Marksville Fire Chief Jerry Bordelon said a fireworks stand in the Wal-Mart parking lot was tossed 30 or 40 meters and mangled. The storm also knocked over 18-wheel truck trailers and punched holes in the store’s roof. The fire department ordered shoppers to leave the store, but some didn’t want to leave even as managers closed it. “Believe it or not, we had some people in there who were still trying to shop,” Bordelon said. Storms in central Mississippi near Mendenhall and Mount Olive were preliminarily identified as tornadoes by the National Weather Service, based in part on radar signatures. Both storms damaged farm buildings and homes. World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly What do They Care Most about Shanghai? Chinese economy likely to hit bottom in 2017: economist Smog to blanket north China Chinese state insurer caught up in eavesdropping scandal Double first for President Xi as he arrives in Switzerland Alibaba's Jack Ma meets with Trump Setting off on long ride home PBOC starts checks on Bitcoin exchanges National awards for top scientists Lianhua skywalk taking shape Firms fined for cashing in on BMW logo Warning of poorer relations in Trump era Customs finds 3 tons of pangolin scales Boy Drowns in Paddling Pool after Struggling 3 Minutes Family of Four, Including Pregnant Woman, Dead in Horrific Traffic Accident <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News CFA to restrict foreign players on the pitch Everton hits 4 goals past hapless City Pakistan beats Australia Dakar winners Chile beats Iceland to capture first China Cup title View more » Latest World News ‘Greatest Show’ to end Changing the batteries in space New study says mystery element at the Earth’s core may be silicon Trump furious at reports he says are ‘fake news’ Couple with sick daughter in sex probe Norwegian school hit for reindeer killing ‘tour’ View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Retail Sign up for online retail news and stats delivered each week. SUBSCRIBE Report: Amazon led big retailers in digital ad spend increases during early holiday season Digital and linear TV each saw gains among half of the retailers measured. Ginny Marvin on January 3, 2017 at 1:11 pm More Amazon led the way among big retailers in increasing their digital holiday advertising spend, according to ad sales intelligence firm MediaRadar, which analyzed sales data from October and November 2016 and 2015. The e-commerce giant increased digital ad spend during the early holiday push by 224 percent year over year. Linear TV ad spend also rose — by 76 percent — while its print investment dropped 10 percent. “Most retailers are reducing print spend while focusing on other channels, like linear TV and digital,” said Todd Krizelman, CEO and co-founder of MediaRadar in a statement. “Online ad spend, however, saw some of the biggest increases percentage-wise. This is driven by shifting consumption and shopping patterns among holiday consumers.” Just two of the major retailers that MediaRadar measured (Kohl’s and Target) increased print spend during the holidays this year, while four (Amazon, Walmart, Target and Macy’s) increased digital ad spend and four (Amazon, Target, Macy’s and JCPenney) increased their linear TV ad spend. Walmart spent 168 percent more on digital ads this past holiday. Target increased digital ad spend by 161 percent, and Macy’s by 34 percent. However, digital did not see gains across the board. Going against the grain, Kohl’s was an exception to the shift to digital and TV. The retailer increased print spend by 59 percent, while cutting linear TV ad spend by 7 percent and digital by 58 percent. Sears and Nordstrom each cut ad spending across print, digital and linear TV. Sears cut digital spending by 72 percent. Nordstrom’s digital ad spend fell by 28 percent year over year. JCPenney spent less on digital and print in 2016, while increasing TV ad spend by 49 percent, according to MediaRadar data. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Man charged in South Euclid kidnapping hoax pleads guilty - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports OSU Football Tailgate 19 Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs : Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise Man charged in South Euclid kidnapping hoax pleads guilty 2017-01-03T16:14:43Z2017-01-03T16:20:44Z Posted by Cleveland 19 Digital Team Email Connect web@19actionnews.com Follow @cleveland19news Ethan Patterson in court (Source: WOIO) Ethan Patterson (Source: South Euclid Police) SOUTH EUCLID, OH (WOIO) - Ethan Patterson, the man charged in the South Euclid kidnapping hoax, pleaded guilty in court Tuesday.  Authorities issued an Amber Alert on Dec. 23 after Patterson called saying that his 6-year-old daughter had been taken from a South Euclid Walmart parking lot.  Police say Patterson made up the story and that he does not have a child.  Patterson was charged with obstruction of official business and making a false alarm. He was fined $750 and ordered to serve 180 days in county jail, with nine days credit for time already served. Patterson was out on parole for other charges in another court when this incident happened, according to police.  Download the Cleveland 19 News app.  Copyright 2016 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> College students are targets for job scam College students are targets for job scam Updated: Thursday, January 12 2017 9:33 PM EST2017-01-13 02:33:14 GMT (Source: WTOL) A warning for college students, they are the targets of an email scam.More >> A warning for college students, they are the targets of an email scam.More >> Arby's to test venison sandwich at 17 select US restaurants Arby's to test venison sandwich at 17 select US restaurants Updated: Thursday, October 27 2016 3:56 PM EDT2016-10-27 19:56:35 GMT (Source: Arby's)  Fast-food chain and purveyor of curly fries Arby's is testing a new menu item in select markets in the middle of hunting season.  More >>  Fast-food chain and purveyor of curly fries Arby's is testing a new menu item in select markets in the middle of hunting season. More >> PHOTO: Do you see shiny legs or legs with white paint? PHOTO: Do you see shiny legs or legs with white paint? Updated: Wednesday, October 26 2016 10:36 PM EDT2016-10-27 02:36:05 GMT The world may never know. (Source: leornardhoespasms/Instagram) A photo taken by one Instagram user in England is bending minds across the internet: are these shiny, oily legs or are they legs with white paint on them? More >> A photo taken by one Instagram user in England is bending minds across the internet: are these shiny, oily legs or are they legs with white paint on them? More >> REPORT: Kmart to close 64 stores in 28 states REPORT: Kmart to close 64 stores in 28 states Updated: Monday, September 19 2016 12:34 PM EDT2016-09-19 16:34:03 GMT (Credit: Google Maps) A new batch of Kmart stores will be closing across the U.S. just months after more than 60 struggles stores were shuttered. More >> A new batch of Kmart stores will be closing across the U.S. just months after more than 60 struggles stores were shuttered.More >> Company recalls boots that leave swastikas in footprints Company recalls boots that leave swastikas in footprints Posted: Thursday, January 12 2017 2:31 PM EST2017-01-12 19:31:57 GMT Updated: Thursday, January 12 2017 2:57 PM EST2017-01-12 19:57:43 GMT These boots were lampooned, condemned and then recalled after swastikas were found in the tread.More >> These boots were lampooned, condemned and then recalled after swastikas were found in the tread.More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hundreds gather for “Love March” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 6:22 pm Hundreds gathered in the Elm City Sunday to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior. Barnum Museum continues to preserve circus history despite show ending 6:24 pm The “Ringling Brothers Barnum And Bailey Circus” is coming to a close but the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport is still preserving its history. Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus 6:13 pm Car found submerged in icy Milford pond 5:39 pm Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 5:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Man caught on camera using another’s debit card during shopping spree By kmargolfo Published: January 3, 2017, 11:55 am Updated: January 3, 2017, 12:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Surveillance photo provided by Watertown Police) (Surveillance photo provided by Watertown Police) WATERTOWN, Conn. (WTNH)  –  A man who used another person’s credit card to buy items at several stores in several towns over several days was caught on camera and police are asking for the public’s help in identifying him. According to Watertown Police a resident reported that he either lost or had his wallet stolen on November 12th and over the next several days his debit card was used in Waterbury and Woodbury at Walmart, Stop Shop, NAPA, Ollies, and at gas stations.  Police say $1000 in transactions occurred. The suspect is described as a white male, in his mid to late 20’s, approximately 5’8″ tall and weighs about 150 pounds.  He was seen wearing a dark winter style hat. dark gray and white striped “zip up” jacket, khaki pants and white sneakers.  He was also seen as a passenger in a light colored, late model Toyota Tundra. Police are asking anyone who can help in identifying the suspect or the owner of the pick-up to call them at 860-945-5200 or Crime Stoppers at 860-945-9940. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts New Haven police investigate smash and grab burglaries of downtown businesses Naugatuck Police trying to identify alleged credit card thief Stolen credit card user caught on camera Clinton PD seeking suspects after 25 cars burglarized, 3 stolen Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Lakewood man sentenced to jail for kidnapping hoax in South Euclid Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com Sun News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 03, 2017 at 12:47 PM, updated January 03, 2017 at 12:48 PM comments Ethan PattersonSouth Euclid police  SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio - A Lakewood man was sentenced to six months in jail for fabricating a story about a girl being abducted in South Euclid. Ethan Patterson told investigators that he made up a story about two friends taking his 6-year-old daughter Dec. 23 because the friends left him at a Walmart on Warrensville Center Road, according to a police report. The girl does not exist.  Patterson, 23, pleaded guilty to making false alarms, a first-degree misdemeanor, Tuesday in South Euclid Municipal Court, records show. Judge Gayle Williams-Byers sentenced him to 180 days in jail but gave him credit for the nine days he's been in custody. Prosecutors dismissed a second misdemeanor charge of obstructing official business in exchange for Patterson's guilty plea, records show. Defense attorney Robert Botnick said his client is remorseful. At the time Patterson was still reeling from the death of his father, who died two weeks before the incident, Botnick said Tuesday. "He accepted the responsibility for his actions," Botnick said. "He certainly didn't do this to terrorize anyone, but obviously he was at a very low place in his life." Previous coverage: Lakewood man reported kidnapping hoax because friends left him in South Euclid, report says Investigators issued an Amber Alert at 8:46 p.m. Dec. 23 after Patterson reported that two men abducted his daughter. They canceled the alert about 10:30 p.m. after discovering the story was a hoax and the girl did not exist. Patterson ran into the store just before 6:45 p.m. screaming that someone took his daughter. He provided details to officers who were at the store investigating an unrelated theft, according to a police report. Patterson viewed surveillance footage and identified the car and one of the men, the report says. The video later showed that man leaving the store and getting into the car before it drove off. Shaker Heights officers were then asked to go to a house in that city to contact a woman who Patterson identified as Lauren's mother, the report says. The officers spoke to the woman's mother and learned that Patterson did not have a child with her. Patterson eventually admitted to the officers that he made up the story, the report says. The Amber Alert was canceled about 10:30 p.m. If you'd like to comment on this story, visit Tuesday's crime and courts comments section. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Home Amazon Fire TV and Alexa will power new 4K TVs from a trio of third-tier brands New, 36 comments by Paul Miller Jan 3, 2017, 12:25pm EST share tweet Linkedin Live coverage from the year's biggest technology conference, the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The year in tech starts here. It seems like the era of every TV manufacturer needing its own custom and not-really-that-great operating system is over: we've entered The Age of Partnerships. Now you can get a TCL with Roku built in, a Vizio with Chromecast, or a Sony with Android TV. And, finally, Amazon's Fire TV OS is available in TV form. It's a great time to be alive and a consumer. Westinghouse, Element, and Seiki — all brands built by Tong Fang Global, and typically available at retailers like Best Buy, Target, and Walmart — each have four new 4K TVs based on the Amazon Fire TV OS. There's actually zero info on what differentiates these TVs from each other outside the brand name and the four sizes (43-inch, 50-inch, 55-inch, and 65-inch), so let's focus on the similarities. The TVs have the features and interface you'd expect from Fire TV, including streaming services like HBO, Hulu, Netflix, and Amazon Video. If you grab an antenna you can also tune in to over-the-air TV from within the Fire TV interface. The included Alexa remote adds voice commands, and you can access Alexa skills and do home automation stuff. The TVs also support 4K streaming with services that offer it. According to HD Guru, the TVs will also be controllable from an Amazon Echo, and Amazon is supposedly working on Alexa control for third-party apps and scene-by-scene content navigation. There's no HDR support for any of these screens, which serves as a hint to the remaining unknown: price. These TVs, which will be available "later this year" on Amazon and at other retailers, will likely hit a nice price point. In this Storystream The best new TVs announced at CES 2017 Xiaomi Mi TV 4 is 4.9mm thick and has AI content suggestions Amazon Fire TV and Alexa will power new 4K TVs from a trio of third-tier brands View all 8 stories Next Up In CES 2017 News The most promising headphones from CES Self-tracking headsets are 2017’s big VR trend — but they might leave your head spinning Gadget Earth Night into daytime: behind the scenes with The Verge at CES 2017 Sony’s wonderful new OLED TV is mostly the work of LG Display Neodriven is a rearview mirror replacement that can make your car semi-autonomous Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 8 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Here Come 'Smart Stores' With Robots, Interactive Shelves By anne d'innocenzio, ap retail writer LAS VEGAS  Jan 3, 2017, 3:48 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star The Associated Press FILE - This Thursday, Dec. 22, 2016, file photo, shows Pepper the robot at Westfield Mall in San Francisco. The SoftBank Robotics humanoid robot can greet shoppers and has the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) 0 Shares Email Tomorrow's retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology — everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon's new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper's Amazon account gets automatically charged. "Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path," said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. "Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it's not one-size-fits-all." Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe's are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room — or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial — and error — that technology can't get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it's to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. ——— SMART SHELVES Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what's known as retargeting ads — promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn't actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behavior analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer's permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don't buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ——— ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe's is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people's age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it's working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. ——— INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer's session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. ——— VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot's augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colors until they arrive at one that's right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. ——— SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labor costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn't always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart's hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture's Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech center, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon's lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a "smart" basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. "It all has to go back to the consumer," Gartner's Hetu said. "For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value." ——— AP Business Writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report. ———— Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Here Come 'Smart Stores' With Robots, Interactive Shelves " Iconic VW Microbus Gets Update for the Driverless Age " The Prophetic Moment the iPhone Was Unveiled 10 Years Ago Facebook Introduces Measures to Tackle Fake News in Germany Gadget Mountain Rising in Asia Threatens Health, Environment " SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion in Florida SpaceX Returns to Flight With Successful Falcon 9 Launch The Latest: SpaceX Launch Places Satellites in Orbit SpaceX Says It Successfully Launched 10 Satellites on First Flight Since September Accident Woman Pleads Not Guilty to Framing Husband's Ex as Stalker SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since September Launch Pad Explosion Could Treated Sewage Be a Tool Against Sea-Level Rise? " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Central US Ice Storm Falls Short of Dire Forecasts " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Customer Buys $150 Crafting Machine From Walmart; Receives Box Of Potatoes Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Customer Buys $150 Crafting Machine From Walmart; Receives Box Of Potatoes Image courtesy of WREG January 3, 2017 10:59 am EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler always check the box just a box of potatoes cricut scrapbooking crafting walmart box of rocks scams retail box of crap Crafters and scrapbookers across the country are likely familiar with the Cricut, a device that cuts paper into just about any pattern you desire. They probably also know what a potato is, and that the two items aren’t interchangeable. Except, apparently, at Walmart.  Surprise! This isn’t the first time a customer has opened a box to find something unexpected: • Feb. 2016: A CVS customer in Boston got a more intriguing surprise inside her heating pad box: someone else’s family keepsakes. • Dec. 2015: A 9-year-old opened a PlayStation 4 box only to find a block of wood. • Dec. 2014: A Denver-area man who thought he bought a PS4 from Walmart opened the box to discover that he’d paid hundreds of dollars for a box of taped-up rocks. • Jan. 2014: A scammer did a decent job of doctoring up a tile to look like an iPad that was then sold in California. • Nov. 2012: A Walmart customer wasn’t happy to find out he’d spent $480 on an iPad, only to end up with box full of random plastic pieces. • May 2012: Another Walmart, another fake iPad. This time the box contained a bunch of notepads. WREG TV reports that when a Tennessee woman opened a gift — purchased at the big box store — over the weekend she expected to find the Cricut described on the packaging, but instead she got 10 potatoes. “When I opened the box, it was full of sprouting potatoes,” the woman recalls. “My dad is very upset, it’s not what he purchased for $150.” (Related: 7 Examples Why You Should Always Check Inside That iPad Box Before You Leave Walmart) The woman and her husband returned to the store the following day, where the retailer provided her with a full refund, noting that someone likely returned the box to get money back, but kept the product. “Lesson learned, always check the box before you leave the store,” she said. In a statement to WREG, Walmart apologized for the inconvenience, adding that it wants “customers to be satisfied with products they purchase at our stores. If for any reason they are not, we will exchange or refund the item.” January 3, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler always check the box just a box of potatoes cricut scrapbooking crafting walmart box of rocks scams retail box of crap Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related don't get screwed Be On The Lookout For Boxes Of Rocks When Shopping For Post-Holiday Deals boxes of crap 9-Year-Old Opens PS4 Box On Christmas Morning, Finds Block Of Wood Supermarket Takedown Consumers Turning To One-Stop-Shop Stores Rather Than Traditional Grocery Stores raiders of the lost walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Unearth $150 Camera From 2006, Ancient Overpriced Hard Drive omnichannel and other buzzwords Online Shipping War: Amazon’s Shelf Robots Against Walmart’s Puny Humans Previous United Airlines Passenger Booted From Flight After Racist Rant, Verbally Abusing Crew Next You Have Until Jan. 15 To Lock In Unlimited Access To Tesla Superchargers Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: You Have Until Jan. 15 To Lock In Unlimited Access To Tesla Superchargers Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Nation & World Here come ‘smart stores’ with robots, interactive shelves Originally published January 3, 2017 at 7:47 am Updated January 3, 2017 at 1:16 pm Share story By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO The Associated Press LAS VEGAS (AP) — Tomorrow’s retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology — everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon’s new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper’s Amazon account gets automatically charged. “Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path,” said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. “Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it’s not one-size-fits-all.” Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe’s are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room — or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial — and error — that technology can’t get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it’s to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. ___ SMART SHELVES Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what’s known as retargeting ads — promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn’t actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behavior analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer’s permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don’t buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ___ ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe’s is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it’s working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. ___ INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer’s session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. ___ VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot’s augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colors until they arrive at one that’s right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. ___ SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labor costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn’t always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart’s hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture’s Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech center, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon’s lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a “smart” basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. “It all has to go back to the consumer,” Gartner’s Hetu said. “For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value.” ___ AP Business Writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report. ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story British EU envoy departs ahead of Brexit negotiations Previous Story US probes complaints of Hyundai Sonata seat belt failure Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Here come 'smart stores' with robots, interactive shelves World by Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press Posted Jan 3, 2017 8:47 am MST Last Updated Jan 4, 2017 at 8:00 am MST LAS VEGAS, Nev. – Tomorrow’s retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology — everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon’s new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper’s Amazon account gets automatically charged. “Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path,” said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. “Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it’s not one-size-fits-all.” Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe’s are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room — or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial — and error — that technology can’t get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it’s to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. ___ SMART SHELVES Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what’s known as retargeting ads — promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn’t actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behaviour analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer’s permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don’t buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ___ ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe’s is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people’s age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it’s working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. ___ INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer’s session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. ___ VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot’s augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colours until they arrive at one that’s right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. ___ SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labour costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn’t always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart’s hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture’s Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech centre, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon’s lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a “smart” basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. “It all has to go back to the consumer,” Gartner’s Hetu said. “For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value.” ___ AP Business Writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report. ____ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Next Story Movie Trailers January 13, 2017 to January 19, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm Live By Night (14A) 3:30pm / 6:30pm / 10:00pm Underworld: Blood Wars 3D 9:40pm 3:45pm / 6:15pm Sing (G) 3:15pm / 6:00pm / 9:30pm Why Him? (14A) 4:15pm / 7:00pm / 10:20pm Rogue One (PG) 3D 9:50pm 3:00pm / 6:45pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut Jan 15, 2017, 5:24 PM New program aims to improve pipeline monitoring and spill response by enlisting more indigenous help Jan 15, 2017, 3:56 PM Trade-It-Up hits CrossIron Mills for Make-A-Wish Foundation drive Jan 15, 2017, 3:49 PM RCMP Deputy Commissioner rides off into the sunset after 35 year career Jan 15, 2017, 3:47 PM Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds’ economic adviser Jan 15, 2017, 2:49 PM Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Jan 15, 2017, 2:32 PM 'Boots on the ground:' More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Assaults soar in Newfoundland's Dickens-era jail: 'It's a tinderbox' Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Family of girl killed in 1984 prepares for the emotions of another trial Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Jan 15, 2017, 7:00 AM Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say Jan 14, 2017, 7:40 AM No winning ticket for Friday night's $34.8 million Lotto Max jackpot Jan 13, 2017, 11:09 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Jan 15, 2017, 6:47 AM Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Jan 14, 2017, 8:26 PM SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida Jan 14, 2017, 11:37 AM The Latest: SpaceX launch places satellites in orbit Jan 14, 2017, 11:23 AM Raptors continue to prove why they’re the anti-Knicks Just moments ago How Jeff Petry has become the Canadiens’ most important defenceman Jan 15, 2017, 3:39 PM Big Read: The evolution of Eugenie Bouchard Jan 15, 2017, 10:59 AM Capitals take 1st place in NHL with blowout win over Flyers Jan 15, 2017, 4:42 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin expected to play shortstop at WBC Jan 15, 2017, 1:59 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Milan fashion houses seek out their roots in new collections Jan 15, 2017, 7:44 AM Kidman says comments about Trump support weren't endorsement Jan 14, 2017, 5:00 PM NY mayor, celebs due at pre-inauguration Trump demonstration Jan 14, 2017, 2:57 PM 'Sherlock' season finale leaks online 1 day before premiere Jan 14, 2017, 10:35 AM 2 years after the hack, Sony CEO Lynton exits for Snap Inc. Jan 14, 2017, 5:26 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 3:28pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Here come 'smart stores' with robots, interactive shelves 4:50 AM Wednesday Jan 4, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World LAS VEGAS (AP) " Tomorrow's retail stores want to take a page from their online rivals by embracing advanced technology " everything from helpful robots to interactive mirrors to shelves embedded with sensors. The goal: Use these real-world store features to lure shoppers back from the internet, and maybe even nudge them to spend more in the process. Amazon's new experimental grocery store in Seattle, opening in early 2017, will let shoppers buy goods without needing to stop at a checkout line. Sensors track items as shoppers put them into baskets or return them to the shelf. The shopper's Amazon account gets automatically charged. "Amazon, for good or bad, has been setting the path," said Robert Hetu, research director at Gartner Research. "Each retailer is going to have to respond in some way. But it's not one-size-fits-all." Kroger, Neiman Marcus and Lowe's are among the companies already experimenting with futuristic retail stores. Robots, for instance, could help guide shoppers to the right aisle, while augmented reality apps could help you see how a particular shade of paint will look in the living room " or how you might look in a pair of jeans. Many of these technologies will be unveiled or demonstrated at the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which begins Tuesday with media previews. Plenty of retailers have learned through trial " and error " that technology can't get too far ahead of shoppers. It has to be easy to use and beneficial to shoppers in some way, whether it's to save time or money. If retailers get it right, they might succeed in boosting spending at retail stores at a time when consumers increasingly prefer to shop online. Here are five technologies coming to a store near you. ___ SMART SHELVES Continued below. Related Content National election promise to create recreational fishing-only zones running behind schedule Cartoon: Another Kiwi classic - Household debt Summer Job: Spark chief executive Simon Moutter Web retailers have plenty of data on their customers. Some of these online technologies can even track shoppers from site to site to lure them back with what's known as retargeting ads " promos targeted to what that shopper has looked at before, but didn't actually buy. Smart shelves with sensors promise the same kind of in-depth consumer behavior analytics at retail stores. At a Kroger store in Cold Spring, Ohio, shelves currently show digitized price tags and information about the products. The next step is to tie that to individual shoppers. For example, for a shopper who prefers gluten-free products, the price tags could light up in the aisle where all the gluten-free options are. The company says this will all be done with the customer's permission. Perch Interactive, a startup that is working with chains like Sunglass Hut and fragrance maker Jo Malone, uses laser and motion sensors to detect when a product is picked up. Perch monitors the interactions and lets retailers know what people pick up but don't buy. It also offers recommendations: When a shopper picks up a Jo Malone product, an interactive display pops up to show a complementary fragrance. ___ ROBOTS Amazon and other retailers have long used robots in warehouses to help package and ship orders. But what about interacting with shoppers? Home improvement retailer Lowe's is testing robots in one of its San Jose, California, store, and plans to roll them out to 10 more stores in the state this year. Besides scanning shelves for inventory, the robots can guide customers to specific products in both English and Spanish. Shoppers will also start seeing robots that interact with them more deeply. Japanese joint venture SoftBank Robotics is testing a 4-foot humanoid robot called Pepper at two Westfield Malls in California. They greet shoppers and can do a little dance, but have the potential to send messages geared to people's age and gender through facial recognition. SoftBank Robotics says it's working with clothing retailers to help suggest outfits to shoppers. ___ INTERACTIVE MIRRORS High-end clothing stores are testing interactive mirrors in dressing areas, a key place where shoppers decide whether to buy or not. Neiman Marcus has installed these outside fitting rooms at 20 stores to offer shoppers a 360-degree view of what an outfit looks like. Shoppers can make side-by-side comparisons without having to try them all on. They can also share video with friends for feedback. Variations include capturing a customer's session at the beauty counter and emailing a video to help the person recreate the look at home. Rent the Runway, an online retailer that lets people rent high-end clothing, teamed up with Samsung to have digital displays highlight its online inventory for shoppers at a new location in New York. A mirror in the store is planned to recommend items that go with what the customer is wearing. ___ VIRTUAL AND AUGMENTED REALITY Home improvement retailers have been embracing virtual reality and augmented reality to help shoppers figure out ways to decorate homes or apartments. With such technologies, shoppers wear a headset to picture how something might look in 3-D, in some cases overlaid on top of their real kitchen or living room. Home Depot's augmented reality app lets customers upload a picture of the room on their phone and thumb through thousands of paint and stain colors until they arrive at one that's right. These tools should become more pervasive. At CES, a major clothing chain is expected to announce a tool for shoppers to virtually try on jeans and other items. ___ SELF-CHECKOUT Stores have been pushing self-service kiosks for years to lower labor costs and speed up checkout lines. It hasn't always been smooth, though. Two years ago, Wal-Mart offered a Scan & Go app for shoppers to scan items as they grabbed them from the shelves. At the checkout counter, the customer merely had to scan a code to complete the transaction. But Wal-Mart scrapped the project after customers found the app difficult to use. Despite Wal-Mart's hiccups, plenty of stores believe they can avoid the pitfalls. Andy Wong, partner at Accenture's Kurt Salmon Digital, said Wal-Mart had a tougher time because its customers are diverse and less techy overall. By contrast, Amazon is trying out its store in Seattle, a tech center, and has a customer base already comfortable with digital shopping. Wong also said Amazon is smart to focus just on groceries, and he expects other retailers to follow Amazon's lead and also focus on certain products. In fact, shortly after Amazon announced its checkout-less store, Panasonic Corp. unveiled an unstaffed bagging system at a Lawson convenience store in Japan. Shoppers place a "smart" basket with their items on a machine at checkout. The system calculates the bill and automatically bags the items. Shoppers now have to scan items they put into the basket, though wireless tags coming in February will eliminate that step. Shoppers still have to manually pay using cash or card. As retailers consider automated self-checkout and other technologies, they have to look beyond the tech wizardry. "It all has to go back to the consumer," Gartner's Hetu said. "For each environment, you have to assess what the consumer will interpret as value." ___ AP Business Writer Yuri Kageyama in Tokyo contributed to this report. ____ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http//twitter.com/ADInnocenzio AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate The real dope on cannabis It's only natural that over the holidays, when people unwind, they puff on weed and dream… Hawke's Bay Today Heed fire ban to keep region safe I'm getting used to rolling past parched fields on my bicycle. As summer approaches… Bay of Plenty Times Naked Tauranga theatre awaits arrival of new seats Tauranga's Baycourt Theatre is only days away from losing its reputation as an uncomfortable… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz updates its GLA range of SUVs Mercedes-Benz updates its compact luxury SUV range of GLA models, becoming available… Viva Best celebrity beauty looks From Sienna Miller to Emma Stone, our favourite celebrity beauty looks this week True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 15:28:28 Processing Time: 637ms
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Rocky Top recycling center opens its arms to debris from last week's 'hurricane' On election night, New Life Church embraced Colorado Springs' largest Hispanic congregation Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Barack Obama's tenure has covered eight Denver Broncos coaches Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs, creating 'eclectic' feel Lockheed Martin CEO tells Trump the cost of F-35 will be ‘significantly’ lower Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight In this age of tweets and emojis, a love of language persists The Country Life: How a three-legged Colorado dog became the darling of a Montana college town Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV TV Review: A mad, mysterious pontiff presides over HBO's 'The Young Pope' Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Air Force grad Michael Lyons pursues hoops career in NBA D-League Pueblo West edges CSCS in battle of state champions Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News News: Local News Nation divided as it honors MLK Jr's legacy ahead of Donald Trump's inauguration Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 7:25 PM 0 For millions of black Americans, Barack Obama's 2009 inauguration at the Lincoln Memorial spoke to the power of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream"... List: Martin Luther King Jr. celebrations around Colorado Springs Mason Crosby's long field goal sends Packers to NFC Championship Game, past Cowboys Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 7:16 PM 0 ARLINGTON, Texas - Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers are headed to the NFC championship game for the first time since the 2014 season after a thrilling finish in... Report: Broncos find replacement for Wade Phillips as defensive coordinator News: Local News Woodland Park residents warned about mountain lion and cubs under porches Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:58 PM 0 The Woodland Park Police Department warned the public on Sunday that a mountain lion and two cubs have been spotted under porches at homes in the area of... U.S. Olympic Museum asking Colorado Springs for $500,000 from tourism tax fund Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:23 PM 0 The U.S. Olympic Museum, facing a March 31 deadline to raise $8.8 million, has applied for... Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs Sun, Jan 15, 2017 - 6:43 PM 0 Downtown Colorado Springs' commercial real estate market always has its ups and downs, typically... Latest Local 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughing By: Chhun Sun - Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's hands By: Rachel riley and chhun sun The Gazette - Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation By: Tom Roeder - 3 hr ago Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills By: robert d. loevy Special to the Gazette - 3 hr ago Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expense By: Billie Stanton Anleu - Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Top Stories 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 85 By: The Associated Press - 0 min ago Neighborliness flows at Rock Cut Brewing in Estes Park By: Stephanie Earls - 32 min ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting By: Jim Connell, Springfield News-Leader - 2 hr ago Wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka has died, just days after murder charge dropped By: The Associated Press - 2 hr ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out By: Maeve McDermott, USA TODAY - 2 hr ago Trump team considers relocating White House media corps By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Priebus to Obama: ‘Step up’ and quiet Democrats who question Trump’s legitimacy By: Mike DeBonis, The Washington Post - 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 School Award Celebration Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA Funeral A storm to remember in Crested Butte AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball Opening Day of the 2017 Colorado Legislature A look back: Photos from Colorado Springs' history Reader-submitted photos: Colorado Springs wind damage Wind damage in the Colorado Springs area Ice Racing 2017 Golden Globes David Ramsey: Top 10 moments in Broncos history Mesa Ridge vs TCA Girls Basketball Salaries of Colorado elected officials Vista Ridge 61 - Lewis-Palmer 48 Snowy scenes at Garden of the Gods The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds A Look Back Notable Colorado Springs-area residents who died during 2016 Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 New Year's Eve celebrations around Colorado and the world ring in 2017 Air Force wins conference opener Noon Year's Eve Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local Sun, Jan 15, 2017 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughing Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's hands 3 hr ago Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex 3 hr ago Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation 3 hr ago Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs 3 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expense Most Read Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 'Significant' snowfall forecast to hit Colorado Springs on Sunday morning Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs Snow closing in on Colorado Springs 'could be significant' On election night, New Life Church embraced Colorado Springs' largest Hispanic congregation Body found south of downtown Colorado Springs considered suspicious death Storefronts filling up in downtown Colorado Springs, creating 'eclectic' feel Lockheed Martin CEO tells Trump the cost of F-35 will be ‘significantly’ lower Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out Four join elite rank of Air Force Academy permanent professors Sports Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Prep update: Emma List rounds out surging Discovery Canyon in girls' hoops Sun, Jan 15, 2017 New focus, experience has Monument-based figure skater Jason brown focused on Winter Olympics 2 hr ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting Sun, Jan 15, 2017 What ice storm? Chiefs fans party on Sun, Jan 15, 2017 Samuelson, McPhee lead No. 13 Stanford women past Colorado 10 hr ago NBA D-League teammates embrace Air Force graduate Michael Lyons 10 hr ago Air Force star Michael Lyons pursuing hoop dream through NBA D-League Business 1 hr ago Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks 4 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 4 hr ago Google spinoff Waymo has built its own self-driving sensors 4 hr ago Five telling things we learned about the Nintendo Switch 4 hr ago Tech Q&A: How to get email from an upgraded Outlook.com 4 hr ago Tech review: a quality phone that's affordable 4 hr ago Why Google, Microsoft and Amazon love the sound of your voice Opinion 4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Only Trump can end Russia controversy 8 hr ago EDITORIAL: Black Americans take culture to higher ground Sun, Jan 15, 2017 State's mental health system must improve Sun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Opportunity to shed small town label Fri, Jan 13, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: New energy committee: Which way will Democrats go? Fri, Jan 13, 2017 EDITORIAL: Rep. Doug Lamborn takes on hateful painting in Congress Thu, Jan 12, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Betsy DeVos wrong for public education Around the Web 2 hr ago Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting Sun, Jan 15, 2017 What ice storm? Chiefs fans party on 2 hr ago Wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka has died, just days after murder charge dropped 2 hr ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out 6 hr ago Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat 10 hr ago High school runner shovels entire track lane after snowstorm just to avoid the treadmill 23 hr ago A new road will make getting to Stonehenge easier. It may also ruin Stonehenge. Latest Videos Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Poland Welcomes 3500 US Troops SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Pikes Peak region forecast Update on children hit while walking to school in Colorado Springs Officer involved shooting in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Colorado Politics: State of the State reaction Obama surprises Biden with Medal of Freedom Learn about the "Story of Us" in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Huge tree falls on top of a Colorado Springs teenager Sports Latest Sports Prep update: Emma List rounds out surging Discovery Canyon in girls' hoopsSun, Jan 15, 2017 New focus, experience has Monument-based figure skater Jason brown focused on Winter OlympicsSun, Jan 15, 2017 Missouri State football player killed in Las Vegas shooting2 hr ago What ice storm? Chiefs fans party onSun, Jan 15, 2017 Broncos New Broncos coach Vance Joseph was accused of sexual assault while a CU assistant23 hr ago Woody Paige: Barack Obama's tenure has covered eight Denver Broncos coachesYesterday Broncos hire Jeff Davidson to lead O-line's revivalYesterday Broncos land Mike McCoy as offensive coordinator, Bill Musgrave as QBs coachYesterday Photo Galleries St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball AFA vs. Fresno State Basketball David Ramsey: Top 10 moments in Broncos history Mesa Ridge vs TCA Girls Basketball Vista Ridge 61 - Lewis-Palmer 48 The Denver Dozen: 12 candidates for Broncos head coach - and odds Denver Broncos 24. Oakland Raiders 6 Air Force wins conference opener Air Force Wins Arizona Bowl Chiefs 33, Broncos 10 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Only Trump can end Russia controversy4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Black Americans take culture to higher ground8 hr ago EDITORIAL: Rep. Doug Lamborn takes on hateful painting in CongressFri, Jan 13, 2017 EDITORIAL: Governor backs off 'clean power' orderThu, Jan 12, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Bring on football and MMA; new salaries for commissionersWed, Jan 11, 2017 LETTERS: We can do better in Colorado Springs; near-death experience on I-25Tue, Jan 10, 2017 LETTERS: Utilities emissions questioned; scammed by big tobaccoMon, Jan 9, 2017 LETTERS: Grateful to anonymous Colorado Springs donor; article was police bashingSun, Jan 8, 2017 Columns State's mental health system must improveSun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Opportunity to shed small town labelSun, Jan 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: New energy committee: Which way will Democrats go?Fri, Jan 13, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Betsy DeVos wrong for public educationThu, Jan 12, 2017 Local News Local News Firefighters rescue one person from fire at Colorado Springs duplex2 hr ago Congregations: Future for wind-damaged Colorado Springs churches in God's handsSun, Jan 15, 2017 Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation3 hr ago Celebrate Martin Luther King Day by remembering his role in major civil rights bills3 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs crews appeal for public's help cleaning up debris from Monday's galesYesterday Colorado Springs's proposed 311 information line would add to Comcast customers' expenseSun, Jan 15, 2017 Merrifield enthused by governor's call to hit (and map) the trailFri, Jan 13, 2017 Colorado Rep. Coffman sponsors bill to protect undocumented young peopleFri, Jan 13, 2017 Local Business Cybersecurity company Root9B sets deeper roots in Colorado SpringsFri, Jan 13, 2017 Over Easy, Salsa Brava adding locations in Colorado SpringsFri, Jan 13, 2017 Contract impasse unplugs KRDO-TV in Colorado Springs from DirecTVFri, Jan 13, 2017 Colorado Public Radio buying two Colorado Springs stationsThu, Jan 12, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 856 min ago Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world53 min ago Gambia president says country must wait for court decision1 hr ago Death toll at 26 inmates from latest Brazil prison violence1 hr ago Military Foyer renovation at the Air Force Academy comes with big price tag; academy says it can't release explanation3 hr ago Air Force Academy cadets marching in inaugural parade must commit to the leftSun, Jan 15, 2017 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat4 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop4 hr ago Blogs TV Talk - PBS launching a 24/7 channel for children5 hr ago Rapid Reaction: Omaha pulls away in third for win23 hr ago Rapid Reaction: Omaha keeps Colorado College winless at homeFri, Jan 13, 2017 Dana White offers Floyd Mayweather, Conor McGregor $25M each to fightFri, Jan 13, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man arrested after 7 injured when driver runs red light in Colorado Springs3 hr ago 'Bored' Colorado Springs gas station clerk's robbery prank fails to leave 'em laughingSun, Jan 15, 2017 Body found south of downtown Colorado Springs considered suspicious deathYesterday Pursuit ends in arrest after driver asks Colorado State Patrol troopers to shoot himYesterday National Crime New Broncos coach Vance Joseph was accused of sexual assault while a CU assistant23 hr ago Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car - it was hisYesterday Woman stolen at birth learns true identity; 'Momma' chargedYesterday Prosecutors dismissed his domestic violence charges - then, police say, he killed his wifeWed, Jan 11, 2017 Life Life Neighborliness flows at Rock Cut Brewing in Estes Park32 min ago The Country Life: How a three-legged Colorado dog became the darling of a Montana college town5 hr ago Love, faith and muffins: One woman's recipe for bringing America together14 hr ago Evangelist Franklin Graham prepares for role in Trump's inauguration14 hr ago Arts and Entertainment 'Get Smart' actor Dick Gautier dead at 856 min ago Alec Baldwin showers 'SNL' with urination jokes, Trump lashes out2 hr ago TV Talk - PBS launching a 24/7 channel for children5 hr ago TV Review: A mad, mysterious pontiff presides over HBO's 'The Young Pope'8 hr ago Religion In her own words: Coretta Scott King on faith, materialism and griefFri, Jan 13, 2017 Bishops asked to study how the Catholic Church responds to youth in crisisFri, Jan 13, 2017 President Obama designates historic civil rights sites including black churchesFri, Jan 13, 2017 Religious freedom advocates are divided over how to address LGBT rightsFri, Jan 13, 2017 National National Politics Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks1 hr ago Trump: Brexit 'a great thing,' EU to continue to break apart37 min ago In Trump, man elected by Americans is president they'll get1 hr ago At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut4 hr ago National Business Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks1 hr ago 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop4 hr ago Repaired and ready: Venue where a young Dylan played reopens11 hr ago What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season11 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Blog 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Weather Cams School Visits Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Diva of DIY Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live Marketplace + BBB About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 33° Haze 3-Day Forecast HI: 43° LO: 38° HI: 43° LO: 35° HI: 60° LO: 32° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 8 Weather Alerts Ice Storm Warning issued January 15 at 3:05PM CST expiring January 16 at 6:00AM CST in effect for: Adair, Andrew, Atchison, Buchanan, Caldwell, Clinton, Daviess, DeKalb, Gentry, Grundy, Harrison, Holt, Linn, Livingston, Mercer, Nodaway, Putnam, Schuyler, Sullivan, Worth Ice Storm Warning issued January 15 at 4:23AM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Carroll, Chariton, Clay, Jackson, Macon, Platte, Ray Ice Storm Warning issued January 13 at 10:34AM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Andrew, Atchison, Daviess, DeKalb, Gentry, Grundy, Harrison, Holt, Mercer, Nodaway, Putnam, Schuyler, Sullivan, Worth Ice Storm Warning issued January 13 at 10:34AM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Adair, Buchanan, Caldwell, Clinton, Linn, Livingston Ice Storm Warning issued January 13 at 3:33AM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Adair, Buchanan, Caldwell, Carroll, Chariton, Clay, Clinton, Jackson, Linn, Livingston, Macon, Platte, Ray Ice Storm Warning issued January 12 at 2:21PM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Buchanan, Caldwell, Carroll, Chariton, Clay, Clinton, Howard, Jackson, Lafayette, Linn, Livingston, Macon, Platte, Randolph, Ray, Saline Ice Storm Warning issued January 12 at 2:21PM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Adair, Andrew, Atchison, Daviess, DeKalb, Gentry, Grundy, Harrison, Holt, Mercer, Nodaway, Putnam, Schuyler, Sullivan, Worth Ice Storm Warning issued January 12 at 2:21PM CST expiring January 16 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Bates, Cass, Cooper, Henry, Johnson, Pettis 8 Weather Alerts 10 Closings & Delays Closings and current delays 10 Full Closings List Alerts School, business & church closings, delays MyPillow loses BBB accreditation amid misleading advertising, customer complaints Marie Rossiter 8:54 AM, Jan 3, 2017 6:42 AM, Jan 5, 2017 Share Article My Pillow screen capture YouTube/My Pillow Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next The Better Business Bureau has revoked its accreditation of MyPillow, Inc. due to the company's failure to adhere to the agency's requirements and a series of consumer complaints. MyPillow, a Minnesota-based company, sells its pillows online, through TV infomercials and in third-party stores such as Wal-Mart and Target.   According to its official website, the BBB gave MyPillow an "F" rating and also pulled its accreditation of the company as the result of two primary issues: My Pillow's "buy-one-get-one-free" promotion. According to BBB guidelines, a sale or promotion can only be offered for a limited time. However, MyPillow customers are able to use the BOGO sales code or promotional price, even if it's not advertised. Because there is no time-limit on this promotion and customers can access this special price anytime, the BBB claims this is not a promotion or sale, but rather the product's regular price. As a result, the BBB believes MyPillow's pricing policy is deceptive and violates the agency's rules. My Pillow's advertising practices. The BBB also cites a series of consumer complaints about MyPillow's advertising regarding its BOGO offer. My Pillow customers reported confusion over MyPillow's deal because two versions of the product are sold: one at retail stores (the standard pillow) and one online (the premium pillow). Premium pillows are exclusively sold online and standard pillows can only be found at retail stores. This is not made clear in MyPillow's advertising, according to customers and the BBB. MyPillow owner and CEO Mike Lindell told Sacramento-based KXTV that the company would not immediately stop its BOGO promotion, but "would look at changes in 2017."  Lindell released the following statement on Monday, Jan. 2: MyPillow was built on our dedication to our customers' satisfaction. We run sales and specials for our customers, so that we can give as many people as possible the chance to have a great night’s sleep. Naturally, I am terribly disappointed by the BBB's decision.  When I started MyPillow more than 11 years ago, I handled each and every customer call personally. To this day, I train all of our customer service representatives with one thing in mind, we take care of our customers because we owe them our success. We have sold more than 25 million MyPillows, but we will continue to treat each and every customer like they are our only one. From myself and our 1,500 employees, we want to thank our loyal customers. This is not the first time MyPillow has run into issues with its advertising. In October 2016, the company was sued in California for making claims that MyPillow helps with health conditions such as sleep apnea, insomnia, fibromyalgia and Restless Leg Syndrome, yet these claims were not proven with scientific evidence.  The company settled the case and paid $995,000, as well as an additional $100,000 to shelters for homeless people and domestic violence victims, according to NBC News. Lindell stands by his product and his company, though. "We did nothing wrong. We did not make any misleading claims," MyPillow CEO Michael Lindell told NBC News. "Rather than fight this, I made a business decision to prevent long and costly litigation, pay this and move on." Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar Let's Ask America Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Updated Forecast 7-Day Interactive Radar Radar & Maps Futurecast School Closings Weather Science Be Ozone Aware Weather Alerts Storm Shield Storm Watch Weather Videos Storm Shield Plus Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Domestic Violence Election Results Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Discover Colorado Mile High Escapes Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado 7Everyday Hero Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 31° Light snow 3-Day Forecast HI: 37° LO: 18° HI: 45° LO: 17° HI: 52° LO: 22° Full Forecast Traffic current alerts 3 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 21 Weather Alerts Winter Storm Warning issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Huerfano, Las Animas Winter Storm Warning issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Alamosa, Chaffee, Costilla, Custer, Fremont, Huerfano, Las Animas, Pueblo, Saguache Winter Storm Warning issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Baca, Bent, Crowley, Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero, Prowers Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Chaffee, Custer, El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Pueblo, Teller Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Alamosa, Conejos, Costilla, Mineral, Rio Grande, Saguache Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Chaffee, Lake, Saguache Winter Storm Warning issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Conejos, Mineral, Rio Grande Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 3:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Mineral, Rio Grande, Saguache Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 4:07AM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Chaffee, Custer, El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Lake, Pueblo, Teller Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 2:45AM MST expiring January 16 at 7:00PM MST in effect for: Yuma Winter Storm Warning issued January 15 at 2:45AM MST expiring January 16 at 7:00PM MST in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson Winter Weather Advisory issued January 15 at 11:16AM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Arapahoe, Douglas, Elbert, Lincoln, Phillips, Sedgwick, Washington Winter Storm Warning issued January 14 at 11:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 7:00PM MST in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson, Yuma Winter Storm Warning issued January 14 at 8:16PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Baca Winter Storm Warning issued January 14 at 8:16PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Bent, Crowley, Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero, Prowers Winter Weather Advisory issued January 14 at 2:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Arapahoe, Douglas, Elbert, Phillips, Sedgwick Winter Weather Advisory issued January 14 at 2:03PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Elbert, Lincoln, Washington Winter Storm Watch issued January 14 at 5:59AM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Elbert, Lincoln, Washington Winter Storm Watch issued January 14 at 3:56AM MST expiring January 16 at 5:00PM MST in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson, Yuma Winter Storm Watch issued January 13 at 3:20PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Alamosa, Chaffee, Costilla, Crowley, Custer, Fremont, Huerfano, Las Animas, Otero, Pueblo, Saguache Winter Storm Watch issued January 13 at 3:20PM MST expiring January 16 at 11:00AM MST in effect for: Baca, Bent, Kiowa, Prowers 21 Weather Alerts MyPillow loses BBB accreditation amid misleading advertising, customer complaints Marie Rossiter 7:54 AM, Jan 3, 2017 5:42 AM, Jan 5, 2017 Share Article My Pillow screen capture YouTube/My Pillow Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next The Better Business Bureau has revoked its accreditation of MyPillow, Inc. due to the company's failure to adhere to the agency's requirements and a series of consumer complaints. MyPillow, a Minnesota-based company, sells its pillows online, through TV infomercials and in third-party stores such as Wal-Mart and Target.   According to its official website, the BBB gave MyPillow an "F" rating and also pulled its accreditation of the company as the result of two primary issues: My Pillow's "buy-one-get-one-free" promotion. According to BBB guidelines, a sale or promotion can only be offered for a limited time. However, MyPillow customers are able to use the BOGO sales code or promotional price, even if it's not advertised. Because there is no time-limit on this promotion and customers can access this special price anytime, the BBB claims this is not a promotion or sale, but rather the product's regular price. As a result, the BBB believes MyPillow's pricing policy is deceptive and violates the agency's rules. My Pillow's advertising practices. The BBB also cites a series of consumer complaints about MyPillow's advertising regarding its BOGO offer. My Pillow customers reported confusion over MyPillow's deal because two versions of the product are sold: one at retail stores (the standard pillow) and one online (the premium pillow). Premium pillows are exclusively sold online and standard pillows can only be found at retail stores. This is not made clear in MyPillow's advertising, according to customers and the BBB. MyPillow owner and CEO Mike Lindell told Sacramento-based KXTV that the company would not immediately stop its BOGO promotion, but "would look at changes in 2017."  Lindell released the following statement on Monday, Jan. 2: MyPillow was built on our dedication to our customers' satisfaction. We run sales and specials for our customers, so that we can give as many people as possible the chance to have a great night’s sleep. Naturally, I am terribly disappointed by the BBB's decision.  When I started MyPillow more than 11 years ago, I handled each and every customer call personally. To this day, I train all of our customer service representatives with one thing in mind, we take care of our customers because we owe them our success. We have sold more than 25 million MyPillows, but we will continue to treat each and every customer like they are our only one. From myself and our 1,500 employees, we want to thank our loyal customers. This is not the first time MyPillow has run into issues with its advertising. In October 2016, the company was sued in California for making claims that MyPillow helps with health conditions such as sleep apnea, insomnia, fibromyalgia and Restless Leg Syndrome, yet these claims were not proven with scientific evidence.  The company settled the case and paid $995,000, as well as an additional $100,000 to shelters for homeless people and domestic violence victims, according to NBC News. Lindell stands by his product and his company, though. "We did nothing wrong. We did not make any misleading claims," MyPillow CEO Michael Lindell told NBC News. "Rather than fight this, I made a business decision to prevent long and costly litigation, pay this and move on." Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Police and Law Enforcement Video shows suspect in pain after Iowa trooper's gun strike Published January 03, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print This undated photo provided by the Woodbury County Sheriff's Office in Sioux City, Iowa, shows Shanne Arre. Arre admits he was high on drugs when he fled from an officer trying to stop him for speeding in northwest Iowa near LeMars in June 2015.  (Woodbury County Sheriff's Office via AP) IOWA CITY, Iowa –  An Iowa trooper jammed the barrel of his loaded rifle into the shoulder of a surrendering suspect at the end of a chase, police video shows, leaving the man with an injury and pain that he says lasted for weeks. The video sheds light on the unusual use of force, one that the Iowa Department of Public Safety had largely kept secret since it happened 18 months ago. The Associated Press obtained the video through an Iowa open records law request, with the department agreeing to release it only after suspect Shanne Arre pleaded guilty in December to eluding and operating while intoxicated. Philadelphia police investigate video of officer fighting teen Arre, 28, admits he was high on drugs when he fled from an officer trying to stop him for speeding in northwest Iowa near LeMars in June 2015. After driving through farm fields, he eventually crashed in a ditch as several patrol cars pursued him. Squad car video shows officers using flashlights to search for Arre for three minutes before one spots him on the ground in tall grass and tells him to put his hands up. Iowa State Patrol officer Jeremy Probasco approaches Arre, telling him not to move and twice directing him to put his hands "in the small of your back." Probasco stuck the barrel of his rifle into Arre's shoulder blade after the first command. Policing experts say the rifle strike appears to be excessive, noting that officers are discouraged from hitting suspects with their guns due to the potential that they could discharge. More News... Army veteran steps in to help man shot at Texas Walmart Gun-shaped cell phone case prompts police standoff "It's hard to say I can see any justifiable reason to go to that length there," said David O'Laughlin, director of training at the Municipal Police Institute in Massachusetts. "I don't see for myself or hear any resistance offered other than the guy concealing himself." He added: "It's kind of risky to be poking somebody with a rifle. What if the thing goes off? That's crazy." Arre said that after crashing, he crawled out of the car and lay down with his hands up in the grass to surrender. Gun-shaped cell phone case prompts police standoff The Iowa Department of Public Safety said officers didn't know that Arre was unarmed. Arre moved his hands so they were hidden in the grass "and it appeared to the trooper that Arre was either going to push himself up off the ground and/or grab a weapon," the agency said in a statement. Probasco didn't have time to use a Taser or baton, so he "poked" Arre with the barrel of the rifle to gain control of him before he was cuffed, the statement said. Arre denies hiding his hands and says he moved them only to comply with Probasco's order. He said the "poke" felt more like a hard punch. In the video, Arre says he's trying to comply but expresses pain, saying: "You hit me for no reason, dude." Probasco denies hitting him. Arre then reacts in pain that he says was caused by an officer kneeing him in the back: "Ow, ow! What the (expletive) dude? Come on. You are smashing my (expletive) spinal cord." "You should have thought about that before you ran," an officer responds. Arre told the AP he believed the force was "extreme," saying he was unarmed and not resisting. The rifle strike left him with the red circle outline of the barrel marked on his back and pain that he says was recurring for the rest of that summer and fall. He said he couldn't lift his arm for a couple days, even though he declined medical treatment. "It was kind of reckless of him to hit me with a rifle like that, loaded up. I understand his frustration, but at the same time, it was very inconsiderate of what could have happened," he said. "Just like it was inconsiderate of me to run, not knowing what kind of danger that I put them in. But I'm on drugs. What's his excuse?" Plymouth County refused to release photos an investigator took of Arre's injuries, saying they're part of a police investigative file and exempt from disclosure. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
