Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Which of these retail giants is the better choice for new money today? Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Retailing is a tough business. Building a lasting competitive advantage in the industry is extremely challenging, which is one reason so many retailers have gone belly-up.  Despite the industry dynamics, CVS Health (NYSE:CVS) and Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) are two retailers that have thrived over the long term. But given the ever-changing retail landscape, which of these two companies is more worthy of an investment today? Image Source: Getty Images. The case for Wal-Mart It's a tough time to be in the big-box retailing business. More customers are choosing to shop online, which is making it difficult for stores to attract foot traffic. Meanwhile, dollar stores are also trying to nibble away at Wal-Mart's market share. Wal-Mart is not taking the renewed sense of competition lightly. In fact, Wal-Mart has gotten quite serious about making its e-commerce presence known. Last year, the company shelled out $3.3 billion to buy Jet.com, a fast-growing e-commerce concept. More recently, it spent about $70 million to acquire ShoeBuy.com, a direct competitor to Amazon.com's Zappos.  So far, it looks as if the company's aggressive actions are paying off. Last quarter, Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales grew by 29%. That's a strong number, though given Wal-Mart's size it will probably take quite some time before e-commerce sales start to move the needle.  As for Wal-Mart's retail stores themselves, the company appears to be holding its own against the dollar stores. Same-store sales in the U.S. grew by 1.8% last quarter, driven primarily by foot-traffic gains. That's a decent result that shows that Wal-Mart's brand and perceived value have staying power. Despite these positive signs, Wall Street isn't expecting the company's bottom line to grow by much. Over the next five years, analysts are projecting EPS growth of roughly 4%. That low number could be caused by concerns that margin will take a hit as wages for workers rise. It's also worth pointing out that Jet.com was an unprofitable business when Wal-Mart acquired it, so the division is also likely to be a headwind to profits. While the profit growth isn't all that exciting, Wal-Mart does offer investors a 2.9% dividend yield. Those aren't terrible figures for a company that's trading for only 16 times trailing earnings. The case for CVS Health Most consumers know that CVS Health runs a retail pharmacy empire, but this industry giant is actually two big businesses in one.  On the retail side, CVS operates more than 9,700 locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Brazil. This business took a significant leap forward last year when management paid $1.9 billion to acquire Target's pharmacies and clinics. This one move grew the company's footprint by more than 20% and provided the company with direct access to millions of potential customers. That's helped revenue grow at a decent clip. Beyond retail, CVS also operates the second largest pharmacy benefits management business in the United States. This business unit caters to providers of healthcare benefits -- think unions and governments. CVS earns a small fee from these in exchange for negotiating hefty discounts on pharmaceuticals directly from drug manufacturers. This is a win-win business model that accounts for the bulk of CVS's revenue.  Looking ahead, CVS Health has a number of initiatives in place that promise to drive growth. The list includes growing its MinuteClinic footprint, persuading Target customers to make the switch, and driving growth in its specialty pharmaceutical business. When adding cost-savings initiatives and share buybacks to the mix, Wall Street believes that CVS Health's bottom line will grow by more than 10% annually over the next five years. Plus, the company pays a respectable 2.5% dividend yield and is trading at only 16 times trailing earnings. The better buy While Wal-Mart offers investors a slightly higher dividend yield at the moment, I think CVS Health is the smarter bet. The company offers investors much better growth prospects for a comparable valuation. It also doesn't help Wal-Mart's case to see that Warren Buffett has been dumping his big position in the company recently. If you're after a battle-tested retailer that offers income and growth, I think that CVS Health is a terrific choice.    Brian Feroldi owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Health Care Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $78.46 no change (0.00%) Read More Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 3 Reasons CVS Health Corporation Stock Could Rise Is It Time to Throw In the Towel on CVS Health Stock? 3 Healthcare Stocks That Are Looking Cheap Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Kroger Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Which of these retail giants is the better choice for new money today? Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Retailing is a tough business. Building a lasting competitive advantage in the industry is extremely challenging, which is one reason so many retailers have gone belly-up.  Despite the industry dynamics, CVS Health (NYSE:CVS) and Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) are two retailers that have thrived over the long term. But given the ever-changing retail landscape, which of these two companies is more worthy of an investment today? Image Source: Getty Images. The case for Wal-Mart It's a tough time to be in the big-box retailing business. More customers are choosing to shop online, which is making it difficult for stores to attract foot traffic. Meanwhile, dollar stores are also trying to nibble away at Wal-Mart's market share. Wal-Mart is not taking the renewed sense of competition lightly. In fact, Wal-Mart has gotten quite serious about making its e-commerce presence known. Last year, the company shelled out $3.3 billion to buy Jet.com, a fast-growing e-commerce concept. More recently, it spent about $70 million to acquire ShoeBuy.com, a direct competitor to Amazon.com's Zappos.  So far, it looks as if the company's aggressive actions are paying off. Last quarter, Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales grew by 29%. That's a strong number, though given Wal-Mart's size it will probably take quite some time before e-commerce sales start to move the needle.  As for Wal-Mart's retail stores themselves, the company appears to be holding its own against the dollar stores. Same-store sales in the U.S. grew by 1.8% last quarter, driven primarily by foot-traffic gains. That's a decent result that shows that Wal-Mart's brand and perceived value have staying power. Despite these positive signs, Wall Street isn't expecting the company's bottom line to grow by much. Over the next five years, analysts are projecting EPS growth of roughly 4%. That low number could be caused by concerns that margin will take a hit as wages for workers rise. It's also worth pointing out that Jet.com was an unprofitable business when Wal-Mart acquired it, so the division is also likely to be a headwind to profits. While the profit growth isn't all that exciting, Wal-Mart does offer investors a 2.9% dividend yield. Those aren't terrible figures for a company that's trading for only 16 times trailing earnings. The case for CVS Health Most consumers know that CVS Health runs a retail pharmacy empire, but this industry giant is actually two big businesses in one.  On the retail side, CVS operates more than 9,700 locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Brazil. This business took a significant leap forward last year when management paid $1.9 billion to acquire Target's pharmacies and clinics. This one move grew the company's footprint by more than 20% and provided the company with direct access to millions of potential customers. That's helped revenue grow at a decent clip. Beyond retail, CVS also operates the second largest pharmacy benefits management business in the United States. This business unit caters to providers of healthcare benefits -- think unions and governments. CVS earns a small fee from these in exchange for negotiating hefty discounts on pharmaceuticals directly from drug manufacturers. This is a win-win business model that accounts for the bulk of CVS's revenue.  Looking ahead, CVS Health has a number of initiatives in place that promise to drive growth. The list includes growing its MinuteClinic footprint, persuading Target customers to make the switch, and driving growth in its specialty pharmaceutical business. When adding cost-savings initiatives and share buybacks to the mix, Wall Street believes that CVS Health's bottom line will grow by more than 10% annually over the next five years. Plus, the company pays a respectable 2.5% dividend yield and is trading at only 16 times trailing earnings. The better buy While Wal-Mart offers investors a slightly higher dividend yield at the moment, I think CVS Health is the smarter bet. The company offers investors much better growth prospects for a comparable valuation. It also doesn't help Wal-Mart's case to see that Warren Buffett has been dumping his big position in the company recently. If you're after a battle-tested retailer that offers income and growth, I think that CVS Health is a terrific choice.    Brian Feroldi owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Health Care Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $78.46 no change (0.00%) Read More Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 3 Reasons CVS Health Corporation Stock Could Rise Is It Time to Throw In the Towel on CVS Health Stock? 3 Healthcare Stocks That Are Looking Cheap Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Kroger Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Powerhouse Retail and Consumer Goods Veterans Join PlumSlice’s First Advisory Board to Chart New Advancements in Omni-Channel Sales and Customer Engagement SAN FRANCISCO, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — PlumSlice Labs, a pioneer and leader in delivering  collaborative, cloud-based digital solutions for smarter retail planning, buying and selling, announced the formation of its first Board of Advisors. The inaugural group brings together retail, ecommerce and IT powerhouse leaders whose experience includes Walmart, SAP, Chico’s, GUESS, L Brands and Mercedes Benz. Board of Advisors members are Karenann Terrell, former CIO of Walmart; Denise Broady, CMO, Workforce Software and former SVP of Marketing at SAP; and Andrea Weiss, Co-Founder of O Alliance, a retail digital transformation consultancy, and former President of retail at GUESS. „If you were putting together an Olympic dream team to envision the next frontier of omni-channel selling and digital interaction with the consumer, these executives would definitely take us to the podium for gold. PlumSlice is ecstatic all three are joining our inaugural Board of Advisors and we look forward to collaborating on how we can deliver the most advanced and complete digital solutions to help connect sellers and consumers,” said PlumSlice Labs founder and CEO Abnesh Raina. „PlumSlice is focused on the right digital problems that retail is trying to solve, with an end-to-end connected experience. By bringing a complete solution to a seller dealing with so many disparate factors in moving goods from production to eventual sale, PlumSlice streamlines the process, and at the same time, offers the IT expertise retailers need to be effective in a digital universe,” said Terrell. The company’s all-encompassing approach to the sales and marketing lifecycle, from product idea to customer sale, motivated Denise Broady to join the inaugural board. „PlumSlice has two key ingredients that make it an attractive startup to join: a happy base of customers and a world class set of solutions that could be a game changer for retailers and distributors. I am very excited to join the advisory board to help scale and get the market educated on how PlumSlice can revolutionize the way retailers and distributors plan, buy and sell,” she said. As an enabler of digital transformation, PlumSlice was a perfect fit for Andrea Weiss who has been a key player in retail’s transformation into the digital space, as a strategist and executive leader.  „PlumSlice understands the key to retail brand success is using all the digital technology available to sell smarter and engage the customer more deeply. I believe PlumSlice’s collaborative platform is exactly what ecommerce businesses need to be effective in a digital culture,” said Weiss. Board Member Bios Karenann Terrell is former Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Walmart Stores, Inc. where she had responsibility for the largest segments of the global Walmart Technology portfolio including Information Systems Division (ISD) and Global Back Office Solutions. Under her leadership, more than 5,000 world class Walmart technologists supported over 11,000 retail stores and membership clubs worldwide. Terrell led a global team that develops innovative technology solutions that are integrating the digital and physical shopping experiences. Prior to joining the company, Terrell served as CIO of Baxter International, Inc., and previously, CIO of the Chrysler Group and Mercedes Benz North America. Denise Broady is Chief Marketing Officer of Workforce Software where she oversees the global marketing organization with responsibilities from brand to demand. Previously, Broady held multiple executive positions at SAP including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Global COO of the Industry Cloud organization where she ran strategy, marketing, communications and operations. With over 20 years of experience in sales and marketing for technology, she has successfully launched new products, worked with developing markets, scaled global organizations, implemented integrated marketing communication plans and enabled business development. She is also a two-time published author on Risk and Compliance, Performance Management and Business Intelligence: GRC for Dummies (2008) and Driven to Perform (2009). Andrea Weiss has 30 years of retail expertise with some of the world’s foremost retailers and is considered among early innovators in Retail. She is a Co-Founder of The O Alliance and CEO of Retail Consulting, Inc., a boutique consulting firm focused on the retail and consumer industry in both the U.S. and Europe. Her clients include leading private equity firms such as BlackRock, CVC, and L Catterton. She has served as President of Guess, Inc.; as EVP and Chief Stores Officer of L Brands, the parent of leading brands such as Victoria’s Secret and Abercrombie and Fitch, and as a senior executive with dELiA*s Inc., The Limited, Inc., Intimate Brands, Inc., and Ann Taylor Stores, Inc. Weiss currently serves on the Board of Directors of Cracker Barrel, Chico’s FAS, Inc., and Nutrisystem. Previously, Weiss served on the Boards of Directors of Pep Boys, Brookstone, GSI Commerce, Inc. and eDiets.com, Inc. About PlumSlice Labs PlumSlice’s mission is to help retailers and distributors embrace digital transformation so they can buy better, sell faster and maximize sales. Its collaborative digital solutions help retail organizations become more agile, and stay ahead of the curve. From solutions to transforming the way buyers buy, to enabling seamless collaboration with suppliers and connecting them with consumers, PlumSlice simplifies and digitizes the buying and selling process. The PlumSlice Suite was designed and developed by retail/digital commerce veterans that have a unique understanding of the challenges and opportunities facing the industry today. PlumSlice Solutions are anchored in real-time insights and workflow collaboration so retailers and distributors can be more agile in using technology to drive efficiencies and positively impact the bottom line. Contact info@plumslice.com. Media Contact: Jon Bierman PlumSlice jon@plumslice.com Cell: 540-270-7221   SOURCE PlumSlice Labs CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Culture, division, engage, formation, Industry, intelligence, Markets, officer, Olympics, Personnel Announcements, private, Space, Technology, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mark Good Joins WASH Laundry as New CEO Next PostNext Pembroke Pines Twin Peaks Restaurant Opens Today Search Recent Posts Man Group PLC : Form 8.3 – [Bovis Homes Group Plc] Scotiabank Supports #HeForShe Movement Water Infrastructure Investments to Result in $220 Billion in Economic Growth Shire Issues 2016 Annual Responsibility Review Mediatek announced Board of Directors’ approval on the appointment of Dr. Lih Shyng Tsai as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and nomination to the Board of Directors Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 4 Stocks at 52-Week Highs That Are Still Worth Buying Today These stocks may look expensive, but they're actually good deals. Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Just because a stock is trading near its 52-week high doesn't necessarily mean it's expensive. We asked four of our contributors to each discuss a stock that fits that description. Here's why Boeing (NYSE:BA), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) are good buys despite their elevated stock prices. This stock could keep flying higher Dan Caplinger (Boeing): Boeing has had an extremely impressive run over the past several years, and when you look at its core customer base, it's easy to understand why. The aerospace giant has benefited dramatically from the fact that the airline industry in the U.S. has largely recovered from decades of poor performance, and consolidation within the industry has left the remaining players leaner and more efficient than they have been in the past. That in turn has made airlines profitable and better able to afford long-term investments in their businesses, making the more fuel-efficient new models from Boeing exceedingly popular. For years, Boeing has received orders that have dramatically outpaced its capacity to produce aircraft, forcing customers to wait years before expecting delivery. Image source: Boeing. The election of President Trump was a key catalyst in starting a new wave of growth for Boeing stock, because the Republican's attitude toward geopolitics has emphasized the need for a strong U.S. military that many see as boosting the defense contractor business broadly. Although some investors have become slightly skeptical about the president's ability to implement all of the administration's priorities as quickly as some would like, Boeing currently is in an enviable position atop its industry. As long as conditions remain favorable in both the commercial aerospace and the defense segments, Boeing has the potential for truly stellar growth. A big e-commerce push Tim Green (Wal-Mart Stores): Retail behemoth Wal-Mart isn't too far off from its 52-week high, with the stock buoyed recently by blockbuster e-commerce results. During the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales soared 29% year over year, with gross merchandise value climbing 36.1%. These numbers include both Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, and sales from the company's online grocery pick-up service. Wal-Mart is still far behind Amazon.com when it comes to e-commerce, but the company has gotten far more aggressive. The recent move to offer free two-day shipping on orders above $35, which easily trumped Amazon's non-Prime free shipping offer and forced the e-commerce giant to backtrack, is a clear sign that Wal-Mart is willing to sacrifice profits in the short term to catch up to the tech titan. Wal-Mart stock isn't all that cheap, trading for around 16 times the company's earnings guidance for 2017. But the company's stores are doing well, reporting consistent comparable-sales growth in a retail environment that is proving difficult for many of its competitors. The e-commerce push isn't going to be cheap, with shoppers expecting fast shipping and low prices. But ignoring e-commerce and ceding market share to Amazon is no longer an option. While shares of Wal-Mart are near their 52-week high, the company's strategy looks like the right one, and the valuation is reasonable. Despite its run, this growth stock is still cheap Brian Feroldi (Celgene): Biotech giant Celgene has been on a nice run over the past few months, and it's currently flirting with its 52-week high. Despite its run, I still think that it is a great time for growth investors to consider getting in.  Celgene's long-term success can be traced to the massive growth in sales of Revlimid, its top-selling drug that is used to treat blood cancer. Sales topped $6.9 billion last year, making it one of the best-selling drugs on the planet. However, Celgene also boasts a number of other drugs that are churning out billions in revenue and helping to drive growth. This includes the autoimmune disease drug Otezla, the blood cancer drug Pomalyst/Imnovid, and the breast, lung, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane. When combined, these drugs allowed the company to pull in more than $11 billion in sales last year, which was up 22% over the prior year.  Like any great biotech stock, Celgene also has a pipeline that is bursting with potential. While it has more than a dozen drugs in development, the one that I have my eye on is ozanimod. This product was brought into Celgene's pipeline from its $7.2 billion purchase of Receptos and promises to become a multibillion-dollar blockbuster in treating diseases like multiple sclerosis and several other autoimmune diseases. In total, management is so confident in its current product line and pipeline that it has stuck its neck out and projected that sales and earnings per share in 2020 will exceed $21 billion and $13, respectively. If true, that suggests that this company's top and bottom lines will expand by digits annually from here. And yet, despite its long history of success, burgeoning pipeline, and public commitment to double-digit growth, shares can still be purchased for roughly 13 times forward earnings. For a high-quality growth business like this, I'd argue that's a bargain. A great company at a fair price Matt DiLallo (Johnson & Johnson): Shares of healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson have been on fire recently, jumping about 10% over the past month to a new 52-week high. However, its recent surge didn't stop me from adding this top-quality stock to my portfolio. That's because this is a top-notch company that is actually trading at a fair price both historically and against the market. Currently selling for around 21 times earnings, J&J's recent rise only has it trading slightly above its five-year average multiple of about 20 times earnings. That's noteworthy because the stock's P/E ratio had largely matched the S&P 500 over the past five years. However, the index's post-election rally now has it selling for 26.5 times earnings, which makes J&J seem cheap on a relative basis. That seems like a more than fair price to pay for a fantastic business like J&J. Not only does the company sell some of the best-known consumer brands like its iconic Johnson's baby products as well as health and wellness products like Listerine, Band-Aid, and Tylenol, but it is a leader in both the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. These businesses combine to generate gobs of free cash flow each year, most of which the company returns to investors, including $8.6 billion in dividends last year and $7.5 billion of share repurchases since late 2015. In many ways, J&J is a classic Warren Buffett-type investment because it is a wonderful business that's selling at a fair price. Because of that, investors shouldn't pass on the opportunity to buy this stock just because its current price is at the highest level of the year.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of AMZN and Celgene. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Boeing. Matt DiLallo owns shares of AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. Matt DiLallo has the following options: long January 2019 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores and short June 2017 $70 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Health Care Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $176.98 no change (0.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $126.26 no change (0.00%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $123.37 no change (0.00%) Read More Obamacare and Wal-Mart Whack Part-Timers' Health Plans Boeing Flies High, but the Dow Can't Escape the Red Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Marijuana's Expansion Could Turn Into a Nightmare for Employers Why We're Excited About These 5 Top Stocks Obamacare's Cadillac Tax: What It Means for You Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read innovation agents They Bought WHAT? 10 Surprising Acquisitions A candy company that buys a dog-food brand might seem like it’s barking up the wrong tree. But these curious moves would prove prescient. Illustration: Rami Niemi By J.J. McCorvey03.20.17 | 6:00 am Companies acquire other firms every day, usually to get their hands on a complementary technology, product, or person. (See Walmart’s $3 billion grab for retail startup Jet.com last fall—which came with CEO Marc Lore, who now heads up all of Walmart’s e-commerce—and its recent purchase of fashion startup ModCloth.) Every now and then, however, well-known brands make deals that appear to be head scratchers, but somehow still pay off in the end. Here are 10 such acquisitions. 1. Mars And Chappell Brothers, 1935 In an early example of portfolio diversification, the Snickers maker acquired Chappell Brothers, which manufactured a decidedly less-craveable comestible: Chappie canned dog food. Why it was smart: Today, the majority of Mars’s business comes not from treats like M&M’s, but from pet brands such as Pedigree and Whiskas. 2. Tandy And RadioShack, 1963 Texas-based shoe-leather supplier Tandy purchased a flailing Boston radio-parts chain. With RadioShack as a launchpad, Tandy became an early player in the personal computer boom. Why it was smart: It turned out to be a good fit: CEO Charles Tandy grew RadioShack into an electronics powerhouse. 3. General Mills And Play-Doh, 1965 Seeing synergies between kid-focused foods and the toy market, General Mills snatched up Play-Doh maker Rainbow Crafts. That paved the way for its purchase of Kenner toys two years later. Why it was smart: General Mills soon merged Rainbow and Kenner, and a bet on licensing Star Wars toys paid off big after the 1977 film blew up. 4. Getty Oil And ESPN, 1979 Getty Oil spent $10 million on an 85% stake in what was then known as the ESP Network, a little-watched 24-hour satellite sports channel. Why it was smart: Cable TV soon grew into a massive business, with ESPN as one of the medium’s major anchors, and ABC purchased the network in 1984 for around $200 million. 5. Turner And MGM, 1986 When cable upstart Ted Turner bought storied studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, home of such classics as The Wizard of Oz, it was jarring evidence of a fast-changing media landscape. Why it was smart: Turner tapped MGM’s library when he launched movie-oriented channels TCM and TNT, which helped expand his media empire. 6. Starbucks And Hear Music, 1999 The coffee chain purchased a small San Francisco–based music retailer and record label, broadening its in-store offerings beyond food and beverage with exclusive albums. Why it was smart: The move helped cement Starbucks’s image as a lifestyle brand—a “third place” between home and work. 7. Coca-Cola And Odwalla, 2001 Coca-Cola poured $181 million into a deal to purchase California juice maker Odwalla, which had cultivated an image as a healthier alternative to soft drinks. Why it was smart: Coca-Cola has used Odwalla and brands such as Honest Tea to help fill the gap from slipping soda sales. 8. Clorox And Burt’s Bees, 2007 Best known for peddling bleach, Clorox created buzz when it bought Burt’s Bees, a Maine-based purveyor of natural personal-care products. Why it was smart: Burt’s Bees helped the company tap into the eco-products market: Clorox soon launched Green Works, a line of natural household cleaners. 9. Apple And P.A. Semi, 2008 Steve Jobs quietly paid a relatively small $278 million for a tiny maker of low-power chips. The move let Apple start designing the cores of its products rather than relying on Intel. Why it was smart: Controlling its own chips proved crucial as Apple developed products such as the Apple Watch, iPhone 7, and AirPods. 10. Facebook And Oculus, 2014 Virtual reality was virtually irrelevant when Facebook spent $2 billion to buy the Oculus Rift. Why it was smart: Though VR sales have been slow, the Oculus deal set off a tech race—from Microsoft to HTC to Samsung—and established Facebook as a bona fide hardware player and leader in a new computing interface. About the author J.J. McCorvey is a staff writer for Fast Company, where he covers business and technology. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories MIC Your Craniosacralist Will See You Now: Can A Startup Bring Alt Medicine To The Mainstream? MIC Thinx’s Stance On Period Leave Could Have Been A Harbinger Of Bigger HR Issues MIC Updates From Our Most Innovative Companies: Farfetch, Black Lives Matter, And More Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute How One Modeling Agency Is Diversifying The Runway You Can Land A Drone On This Vehicle--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Why This Psychedelic Drug Is Drawing Entrepreneurs To Peru How Diversifying Barbie's Look Dramatically Increased Sales Why This Bento Box Of Clothing May Be A Woman's Answer To Getting Dressed For Work These Companies Are Making Political Statements—But Staying True to Their Customers How Working With Youth Keeps Phillipe Cousteau Innovative Here's What Uber Needs To Do To Fix Their Broken Culture Netflix Wants To Be Your Personal Trainer--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Three Things You Might Not Know About Snap's Big IPO More Stories TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Entertainment “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns Ideas Ideas Some News From Your Friends At Co.Exist Ideas In India, 1,000 Villages Will Become Free Internet Hotspots Science Pharmacies Often Fail To Warn Customers About Dangerous Drug Interactions Entertainment Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Movies “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns TV Here’s Everything You Need To Know Before You Watch Dave Chappelle’s Netflix Specials Co.Design What Would The World Look Like Without Highways? This Designer Mapped It Spaces How 5 Chief Resiliency Officers Are Preparing For The Next 50 Years Interactive The Sexy, Scary Play That’s Influencing Google, Facebook, And Disney Fast Company TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report Sustainability How L’Oréal Is Turning Itself Into A Sustainability Leader Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Amazon's Latest Move in Grocery Is Nothing New Amazon is planning to open its own grocery pickup kiosks, but the initiative seems hardly differentiated from what Wal-Mart and Kroger have been doing for years. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 19, 2017 at 7:31PM Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is taking another step into grocery retail. After aggressively expanding its AmazonFresh delivery service and lowering its price last year, the company unveiled a new cashier-less prototype of a store called Amazon Go in Seattle last December. Now, Amazon is taking the next step into the industry with plans to open two grocery pick-up locations, also in Seattle, according to documents revealed by Geekwire. Image source: AmazonFresh Twitter Page The tech news website showed permits indicating that the e-commerce giant is seeking to open two "AmazonFresh Pickup" location in the SoDo and Ballard neighborhoods soon. According to signage, the stores offer customers the ability to "Shop online" and "Pick up here." The signs also say, "Relax while we load your groceries." The holy grocery grail Amazon has had its eye on the grocery industry for years since it first launched AmazonFresh in 2007. The company moved slowly, only operating Fresh in Seattle for several years, but expanded rapidly last year and now offers the grocery delivery service in more than 15 metropolitan areas. It's clear why Amazon is angling for a piece of the grocery market. Grocery store sales totaled $631.3 billion last year, one of the biggest retail categories and almost as much as from general merchandise stores, which hit $668.3 billion. Unlike chains like Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Costco, and even Target, which all derive a significant percentage of their sales from groceries, Amazon has only begun to penetrate the huge market. Groceries present singular problems for an e-commerce company like Amazon. Fresh produce, meat, dairy, and frozen foods can't sit out in the hot sun like the average Amazon delivery can, so the company needs to coordinate with customers to ensure they're home to receive their deliveries, or delivery them in packaging that will keep at temperature. Amazon also needs specialized trucks and facilities that will also keep foods fresh. Those challenges may explain why the company is increasingly turning toward brick-and-mortar stores to break into the delivery market with its new Amazon Go store and the upcoming pickup locations. The Wall Street Journal also reported last fall that Amazon was aiming to open as many as 2,000 grocery stores nationwide over the next ten years. However, Amazon denied that report. Late to the party Amazon is known for innovation, and though its new pickup sites may seem novel, they are not much different from what rivals like Wal-Mart and Kroger (NYSE:KR) are already doing at hundreds of stores. Wal-Mart introduced its own grocery pickup program in 2014, and has ramped it up quickly; the world's largest retailer expects to have pick-up kiosks at nearly 1,000 stores by the end of this year. Wal-Mart's dedication to expanding the program is a sign of its success, as the company's scaled back on opening new stores to make investments in programs like grocery pickup. Grocery pickup has also been a significant driver of the company's own e-commerce growth. The grocery segment makes up more than half of revenue at U.S. Wal-Marts, so it's key that the company defends its leadership from rivals like Amazon. Image source: Wal-Mart. Kroger, the nation's biggest traditional grocer, now offers its own grocery pickup service, ClickList, at more than 500 stores nationwide, and is also rapidly expanding it, as its management, like Wal-Mart's, has found an overwhelmingly positive response from consumers. Unlike Wal-Mart's service, which is free, ClickList costs $4.95 per shopping trip. The details of Amazon's new pickup service are unclear, as the company has yet to make an announcement about it. We don't know, for instance, it there will be a pickup fee; if the program will be exclusively for Prime members or open to all customers; or if there will be any bonuses or perks to the service. As it stands now, Amazon has given Wal-Mart and Kroger a big head start in grocery pickup, and those two retailers have a built-in advantage with thousands of stores that can easily host pickup kiosks. Amazon, on the other hand, needs to find and convert new real estate each time it wishes to open a new pick-up station. The economics of a store that customers can't actually shop in may be questionable as well.  Though the technology behind Amazon Go is potentially groundbreaking, the initial reports of Amazon Fresh Pickup seem like more of a me-too service. Investors won't get to make a full assessment until Amazon unveils it, but for now, the advantage in grocery seems squarely with Wal-Mart and Kroger. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 19, 2017 at 7:31PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $848.06 no change (0.00%) Target NYSE:TGT $53.58 no change (0.00%) Kroger NYSE:KR $28.96 no change (0.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $167.68 no change (0.00%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Amazon Forced to Backtrack on Free Shipping Minimum Amazon Prime Instant Video Is a Huge Loss Leader To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Here's What Amazon Actually Plans for Physical Stores Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Largest Employer in Every State By Evan Comen and Michael B. Sauter March 17, 2017 6:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet Most state economies are relatively diverse, yet it is not uncommon for a single industry to have an outsized impact on the state’s economy and labor market. In some cases, a single company employs a significant share of the state’s workforce. State governments tend to be the largest employers in each state. There are more than 22 million public employees nationwide. In contrast, Wal-Mart — by far the nation’s largest private employer — employs about 1.5 million full-time workers in the United States. When excluding public administrative bodies, Wal-Mart is often the largest employer in a state, but a number of other organizations also emerge as the biggest employer on the state level. The size of these companies varies considerably. In Alaska, the Providence Health & Services network of hospitals employs around 4,000 people. In Washington state, Boeing employs 18 times as many people. In Texas, Wal-Mart employs 171,531, at last count. Based on the most recent available full and part-time employee counts, these are the largest employers in each of the 50 states. Click here to see the Largest Employer in Every State. As the world’s largest retailer, Wal-Mart has a uniquely large impact on many state economies, and it is the largest employer in 23 states. The 53,310 people employed in Arkansas — the retailer’s home state — accounts for about 30% of the state’s entire retail sector, and about 4% of the state’s total workforce. Educational and medical institutions also frequently top a state’s list of employers. After Wal-Mart, one of the more common largest employer across the 50 states is a state’s university system. The State University of New York, which operates 64 campuses across the state, employs over 90,000 faculty and staff. Similarly, organizations operating in the health care sector and have multiple large campuses across the state are often major employers as well. In 14 states, a health care network is the largest employer, including Partners HealthCare in Massachusetts, which employs 68,000 people. Several of these health care networks are also part of a university system, such as the University of Pennsylvania Medical Center, which employs 61,000 people in the state. To determine the largest employer in each state, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed employment figures for nonprofits and private and publicly held companies from company press releases, government data, business journals, local media reports, as well as statements from company representatives. For the purposes of our analysis, we treated some state government employers like public universities as independent organizations, in keeping with how states frequently identify and compare company headcounts. Military bases were excluded from the list. In many cases, employee counts for the various colleges, laboratories, and medical centers falling under a single university system were combined. This was because these systems frequently attribute employees from the university and medical centers together. However, when a spokesperson from the medical centers or universities identified the organizations as distinct employers, they were counted separately. This are the largest employer in every state. Pages: 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/10/11 « How Adobe Earnings Are Pushing New All-Time Highs Fiat Chrysler Brands Ranked Worst in Customer Service » Read more: Special Report, featured Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores The Worst Counties to Live In America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Revisions show claims higher in 2017 than previously reported Four-week claims average rises 1,000 to 240,000 U.S. weekly jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 Why Is Skechers (SKX) Up 12.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is AptarGroup (ATR) Up 4.4% Since the Last Earnings Report? PPG Confirms Rejection of Revised Offer by AkzoNobel Global stocks, sterling hold steady after London attack As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Trump Tantrum looms on Wall Street if healthcare effort stalls Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Flathead Beacon Kalispell 34°F 1°C Clear Sky FOLLOW Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Tumblr RSS Feed SECTIONS News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events Marketplace Prev Next Let’s Not Repeat Main Street Mistakes Kalispell’s downtown parking is again being heavily used By Fran Tabor // Mar 19, 2017 // Letter, Opinion Share Share Tweet Print Email This winter’s heavy snow reminded me of those bad old days driving down Kalispell’s Main Street before we so wisely spent money to widen it. Back in the ‘80s all traffic came to a stop if someone wanted to back out of his or her parking spot. Unless, of course, traffic didn’t stop, in which case if you were the person trying to leave, you were stuck! I am thankful today such traffic-choking is temporary. Our improved, widened street makes driving and parking downtown easier and safer. There are plans to undue our wonderful Main Street widening, turn it back into only one-lane driving, with a center turn lane. Worse, these same “planners” think diagonal parking should replace our current parallel parking. With parallel parking all of us, even in the smallest cars, can easily see when it is safe to pull out. With the proposed three-lane and diagonal parking, if you are driving down Main Street and realize too late someone is trying to exit a diagonal parking spot, you have no choice but to turn into the center turn lane – an illegal maneuver, the center lane is for turning only! Why repeat yesterday’s mistakes? “People refuse to walk to businesses so we must have more parking on Main Street.” Has no one seen the Wal-Mart parking lot? Even the closest handicapped parking is across a wide, two-lane driving “street” away from Wal-Mart’s front door. Some of Wal-Mart’s parking spots are the equivalent of over three blocks away. On busy days even those distant spots are filled. People are willing to walk because there is something to walk to. After years of stagnation, Kalispell’s downtown parking is again being heavily used. This is good! We are discovering Kalispell’s interesting variety of small shops. Like Wal-Mart shoppers, we have a reason to walk. Kalispell is part of the national trend of increased downtown business successes. Whenever streets are torn up, shopping on those streets takes a dive. Street construction nationwide has forced many businesses into bankruptcy. A few years ago, Kalispell widened the sidewalks on First Avenues East and West. Shops endured months of reduced income. Several went from profitable to out of business. Their empty storefronts made neighboring buildings less valuable. Let’s spend on money on the streets with big potholes, on the many blocks with no sidewalks, on the new streets, street lights, landscaping, public sitting, public signage, and other expenses in the old train track area. Let’s not waste one penny resurrecting yesterday’s Main Street mistakes. Fran Tabor Kalispell Comments comments Share Share Tweet Print Email Prev Next More From The Beacon Not Digging It Best of Preps — Winter 2017 ‘Loving’ to be Shown at Museum at Central School on March 25 MASTHEAD Newsroom EMAIL news@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.257.9220 TWITTER @flatheadbeacon Follow Kellyn Brown Editor In Chief EMAIL editor@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9539 TWITTER @kellynjbrown Follow Myers Reece Contributing Editor EMAIL mreece@flatheadbeacon.com Greg Lindstrom Media Director EMAIL greg@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9541 TWITTER @gl_photo Follow Tristan Scott Senior Writer EMAIL tscott@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9540 TWITTER @tristanscott Follow Molly Priddy Staff Writer EMAIL mpriddy@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9542 TWITTER @FB_mollypriddy Follow Dillon Tabish Staff Writer EMAIL dtabish@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9543 TWITTER @djtabish Follow Justin Franz Staff Writer EMAIL jfranz@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9544 TWITTER @jfranz88 Follow Clare Menzel Staff Writer EMAIL clare@flatheadbeacon.com PHONE 406.407.9545 TWITTER @claremenzel Follow News & Features Sports Outdoors Arts & Entertainment Opinion Photos Events About Us Marketplace Advertise Subscribe Advertiser Tear Sheets Email & RSS Feeds Contact Us © 2017 Flathead Beacon, All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to the Flathead Beacon's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Flathead Beacon 17 Main Street Kalispell Montana 59901 USA (406) 257-9220
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Howden Joinery Group Plc’s (HWDN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities IQE plc (IQE) Price Target Increased to GBX 69 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Franks International NV’s (FI) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Trevena Inc (TRVN) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Given New $140.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Price Target Increased to $16.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Brokers Issue Forecasts for Fate Therapeutics Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (FATE) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by Monetary Management Group Inc. March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Monetary Management Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 28.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 5,900 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. Monetary Management Group Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $408,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. State Street Corp raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 72,714,226 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,026,451,000 after buying an additional 2,011,829 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,932,903 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,437,561,000 after buying an additional 623,646 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 15,071,579 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,086,962,000 after buying an additional 179,166 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.89 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $214.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.96 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $62.72 and a 12-month high of $75.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.19 and its 200 day moving average is $69.87. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.29 by $0.01. The business earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.92%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.48%. Your IP Address: Several analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $73.85 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.85. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $754,306,647.33. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 15,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $1,112,245,763. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Target Corporation (TGT): An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Time to add TGT to your income portfolio today By , Dividend Growth Investor  |  Mar 18, 2017, 9:00 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Target Corporation (TGT): An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale 2 REITs Delivering High Growing Income for Retirees (O, WPC) Recent Posts: 2 REITs Delivering High Growing Income for Retirees (O, WPC) Target Corporation (TGT): An Attractively Valued Dividend Champion on Sale Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Squeezes Out Another Dividend Raise View All Posts Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) operates general merchandise stores in the United States and Canada. Target is a dividend champion, which has paid dividends since 1965 and raised them every year for 49 years in a row. The most recent dividend increase was in June 2016, when the Board of Directors approved a 7.10% increase in the quarterly dividend to 60 cents per share. The company’s largest competitors include Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) and Amazon.con, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Over the past decade this dividend growth stock has delivered an annualized total return of 1.60% to its shareholders. Future returns will be dependent on growth in earnings and dividend yields obtained by shareholders. More recently, the stock price has been hammered by a decline in earnings expectations. This is why I wanted to take another look at Target. The company has managed to deliver a 3.60% average increase in annual EPS over the past decade. Target is expected to earn $4.01 per share in 2018 and $5.80 per share in 2019. In comparison, the company earned $4.09 per share for fiscal year 2017. Between 2005 and 2016, the number of shares outstanding has decreased from 912 million to 582.5 million. The decrease in shares outstanding through consistent share buybacks adds an extra growth kick to earnings per share over time. I do not like the fact that the net income between 2007 and 2017 decreased from $2.787 billion to $2.669 billion. Target focuses on affluent consumers with its upscale stores. Its customer base is somewhat different than that of competitor Wal-Mart. Many of Target’s customers enjoy shopping there, and are attracted by the appeal of offerings and overall atmosphere within the stores. Target’s stores are generally more appealing than those of Wal-Mart, and are cleaner. In addition, Target manages to retain shoppers with its RedCard. Shoppers who use the Target Card get a discount, but also tend to spend more than the average purchaser. In addition, the company has been able to drive more traffic with sales of grocery/food items. 7 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are Actually Safe What is the competitive advantage of Target? I believe that the company offers a unique shopping experience that competitors like Wal-Mart do not offer. I also believe that Target looks for a certain type of consumer, who does not like the assortment of goods and the experience that Wal-Mart provides, yet still wants to get a bargain. The company has been able to offer fashion chic items, which draw the specific type of shopper they target. The company also offers convenient locations for shoppers, who come to Target for its quality merchandise. I believe that shares could deliver a very good return to investors who are willing to weather near-term turbulence at the company. Growth for Target could be driven by expansion of number of stores in the US, growth in same-store sales, as well as expanding online sales. The company is targeting cost cuts, in order to boost margins. I am more interested in increasing the number of stores, in order to increase penetration in the US. Relative to the number of Wal-Mart stores in the US, I still believe there could be areas of new store development for Target, as long as this is executed in a smart way of course. Unfortunately, the number of stores has gone nowhere since 2010. Despite the issues that Target experienced with its Canadian expansion in 2013-2015, I think that the company may have an opportunity to expand internationally. This is a driver which could propel earnings per share forward for the next 20 years. It has to be executed better than the Canadian store fiasco however. Another driver for future growth could be the CityTarget stores, which are smaller, but provide the option to locate in densely populated areas. Those stores could have better productivity due to higher potential traffic and higher inventory turnover because of that. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/target-an-attractively-valued-dividend-champion-on-sale-2/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 65° 65° Low 68° High 85° Fri 67° 80° Sat 62° 83° Sun 70° 84° See complete forecast 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears Posted 7:06 AM, March 17, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears VERNON, Calif. – More than 21,000 pounds of frozen pizzas are being recalled due to possible listeria contamination, the US Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service announced Wednesday. RBR Meat Company Inc. recalled its Marketside supreme frozen pizza, which may have been “adulterated with Listeria monocytogenes,” according to FSIS. The pizzas were sold at select Walmart stores in a 50.6-oz. box containing single shrink-wrapped 16-inch pizzas labeled as “Marketside Extra Large Supreme Pizza,” with lot code 20547. During routine sampling, FSIS discovered the Listeria monocytogenes bacteria. “There are no confirmed reports of adverse reactions from consumption of the pizzas at this time,” according to the recall announcement. This recall is a Class I recall, which means it is “a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death,” according to the USDA. FSIS urges consumers who have bought the product to not eat it. They advise throwing away the pizzas or returning them to the place of purchase. The pizzas were shipped to Walmart distribution centers in California, Nevada, Utah and Washington. Listeriosis is a serious infection usually caused by eating contaminated food and can be particularly dangerous for pregnant women and older people. Symptoms include fever, muscle aches and sometimes diarrhea or other gastrointestinal problems, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. About 1,600 cases are reported in the United States every year, with 260 resulting in death, according to the CDC. Last week federal health officials announced an unrelated recall of soft raw milk cheese made by Vulto Creamery due to a listeria outbreak responsible for six cases of illness including two deaths. Last month Sargento Foods announced its own recall of several cheeses due to potential listeria contamination, which prompted the company to cut ties with one of its suppliers. Please enable Javascript to watch this video Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Local woman chronicles her battle with stomach cancer up until her last day Smiling mugshot of Lockhart teacher accused of inappropriate relationship with student goes viral That big chicken video isn’t fake, but it is terrifying Young woman shot, killed in vehicle on West Little York Road Latest News HCSO: At least 3 suspects arrested in drug, weapon raid at house in Crosby  Will 100% fruit juice make your child gain weight? 17,000 AT&T workers go on strike Fire destroys church owned by white supremacist in North Dakota Nation/World Edamame recalled over listeria fears Nation/World 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination Nation/World NewsFix Nearly 2 million pounds of undercooked chicken recalled Nation/World NewsFix Twinkies, Palmer Candy join recall over salmonella concerns NewsFix WinCo ranch dressing recalled in 8 states over allergy concerns Nation/World NewsFix 680,000 baby rattles recalled due to choking hazard Nation/World NewsFix Discovery of euthanasia drug prompts dog food recall; 15 states involved Nation/World Soy nut butter recall expands after more cases of E. coli NewsFix Sargento recalls cheese due to possible listeria contamination Nation/World Baby carriers, cribs, strollers linked to thousands of injuries every year Nation/World It may be National Frozen Yogurt Day, but every day is Fro-Yo day in Houston Nation/World NewsFix Fake news story leads to real threat at DC pizza joint Nation/World NewsFix Pineapple on pizza: Great or gross? Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local Trial Date Set For Man Accused Of Abducting And Molesting Girl 18 Years Ago Updated March 20, 2017 7:18 AM  Print    Archive    RSS (SEYMOUR) - The man accused of abducting and molesting a girl in Jackson County more than 18 years ago will stand trial August 22 at 8:30 a.m. 61-year-old Charley Hollin of Salem, Oregon was arrested and charged in January in connection with the 1999 incident. Federal authorities arrested Hollin, who had assumed the identity of an Indiana boy - Andrew David Hall. Hall had been killed in a car accident in 1975 in Fayette County, Kentucky when he was 8 years old. FBI agents arrested Hollin at a Walmart Supercenter where he had worked for 16 years. He had obtained driver's licenses in three states, a Social Security card and a U.S. passport in the dead boy's name. U.S. Attorney Josh Minkler says investigators tracked down Hollin after he was identified through facial recognition software of his passport photograph. Hollin, formerly of Clearsprings, Indiana, had been in federal custody until he was booked into the Jackson County Jail in Brownstown on Wednesday. He is facing three Class A felony charges of child molesting and two Class B felony charges of criminal confinement. He is also facing federal charges of identity theft and fleeing prosecution. The crime: According to court records, the 10-year-old girl was alone January 20, 1999, waiting outside the old Girls Inc. facility on West Second Street. Hollin asked her to come to his car, where he told her he had locked his keys inside and needed her help. When they got close to the car, police say Hollin cupped his hand over the girl's mouth and showed her a knife and threatened to kill her if she didn't come with him. He then made her put a stocking mask over her head and drove away to an undisclosed location, undressed her and sexually assaulted her. He then forced the girl, who was naked, out of his car, leaving her on an isolated road as he sped off, tossing her belongings out of the car as he drove away. The girl was later picked up by a passing motorist. When police went to the scene, they found the girl's belongings, as well as a coat, which had a day planner with Charles Hollin's name on it. Hollin told police the coat had been stolen out of his vehicle. FBI Agent Todd D. Prewitt wrote in the affidavit, that DNA samples from Hollin's car and coat and from the victim's coat, showed that Hollin was a match for the sample. Fibers on both coats matched the inside of Hollin's car. The Jackson County prosecutor charged Hollin with two felony counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three felony counts of child molestation. But when investigators went to arrest him, he had disappeared. When investigators interviewed Hollin's friends and co-workers, they learned he was an avid reader of detective magazines and had claimed to have many ways to disguise his identity, including fake hair pieces and mustaches. Hollin told his co-workers he knew the victim had identified him in a police lineup. He asked others if they would "'pull a Houdini" if they were facing charges, according to police interviews. "It would be better to be alienated on some tropical island somewhere than in a 10x10 jail cell," Hollins told his co-workers, according to court documents. "If you want to, and you know how, you can become someone else just like that." Police have spent 16 years trying to find and arrest Hollin. It wasn't until late last year, on December 20, that a facial analysis comparison test confirmed a "most likely'' candidate match between Hollin and "Andrew David Hall'' via a U.S. passport application photograph. Investigators learned the original Andrew David Hall was an 8-year-old boy who had been hit by a car and killed in Kentucky in 1975. The application indicated Hall had applied for a passport on April 26, 2007, to travel to China. The application said Hall was born in Massachusetts. He was able to get the driver's licenses, Social Security number and passport using the dead boy's name because on Hall's death certificate, the box for Social Security number was never filled in, FBI agent Prewitt wrote in his affidavit. A subsequent search of Accurint, a database tool used by government, police and commercial customers, showed Hall was possibly living in Oregon. FBI agents pulled Hall's birth certificate and found he had applied for a Social Security card on Feb. 18, 1988, at age 20, which was unusual, according to the Social Security Administration. Further investigation turned up that Hall had gotten a driver's license in Indiana on April 29, 1999, four months after the abduction of the 10-year-old girl. The driver's license information matched Hollin's height and weight and hair and eye color, the federal affidavit says. Indiana couldn't locate any photographs for the driver's license, the FBI agent wrote. It appears when Hollin got the Indiana license in Hall's name that the state didn't have the capacity to keep the motor vehicle license photos and couldn't use them for future facial recognition technology, says Tim Horty, a spokesman in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Indiana. Agents suspect Hollin, using Hall's name and driver's license, moved to Minnesota and got a Minnesota driver's license there in August 2001 before moving to Oregon and getting an Oregon driver's license on March 29, 2011. "This case is a prime example of the tenacity of the FBI," W. Jay Abbott, Indianapolis FBI Special Agent in Charge, says in a press release. "The public should be assured the FBI will not stop seeking justice for innocent victims." If convicted on the federal charges, Hollin faces up to eight years imprisonment, according to Assistant United States Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. If convicted on the Jackson County charges, Hollin could face decades in prison. The arrest occurred at the place he had worked for the past 15 years. Hollin had been in federal custody until he was booked into the Jackson County Jail in Brownstown on Wednesday on three Class A felony charges of child molesting and two Class B felony charges of criminal confinement. A Class A felony is punishable by 20 to 50 years in prison if convicted. His initial hearing was conducted Thursday afternoon by Jackson Circuit Judge Richard W. Poynter, who also set the pre-trial conference for 11:30 a.m. June 8. The charges stem from an incident in January 1999 involving the abduction of a 10-year-old girl at knifepoint from outside Girls Inc. on West Second Street in Seymour. The girl was taken to a secluded area, molested and released naked on a country road near Cortland. Her abductor threw her clothing out of the vehicle before she was found and rescued by a passing motorist. Investigators said Hollin was identified as a suspect from evidence collected at the scene, including a coat and a day planner that belonged to him and DNA evidence in the car. The car also had been recovered as evidence. He initially was charged in 2000 by the Jackson County Prosecutor's Office but then disappeared before police could arrest him. At the time of his arrest in January, U.S. District Attorney Josh Minkler said Hollin had first fled to Minnesota and later to Oregon. Minkler said Hollin had been arrested living under the name of Andrew David Hall, an 8-year-old boy who died in a car accident in Kentucky in 1975. Hollin faces a federal charge of identity theft because he used the boy's identity to obtain a driver's license and Social Security card, police said. The FBI identified Hollin using facial recognition technology comparing an older photo of him to Hollin's passport renewal application as Hall, Minkler said. Hollin was held in federal custody on the identity theft charge until federal law enforcement could make a decision about whether to charge him or defer him to stand trial for the charges on the state charges, Jackson County Prosectuor AmyMarie Travis said. "He will stand trial here first for the local charges," Travis said. Travis, who has been working on the case since 2007, said the next step in the process after Hollin's initial hearing involves discovery, where the state and attorney for the defendant gather and exchange information. Because of the time since the alleged crime occurred, Travis said there always is some difficulty with cases such as this one. "It can be difficult to find witnesses, but we have found them," she said. Travis said the next step would be up to the judge, who will set pretrial hearing and conferences dates, but a jury trial may not be set for five to six months. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Thursday / March 23, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds Jobs Cars Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Plan to close loophole aimed at Menards, other retailers A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature posted March 20, 2017 12:00 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Scott Bauer Associated Press MADISON — A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature. Republican-backed proposals, written in conjunction with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, are designed to close the so-called dark store loophole and increase how much the mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes. The bills come in reaction to court rulings in Wisconsin and nearby states — starting in Michigan — that have helped the retail giants lower the value placed on their stores for levying property taxes. The retailers have successfully challenged their tax assessments in communities across the Midwest, by arguing they are overtaxed and should pay the same rate as a store that is closed and vacant. That results in a shift of the property tax burden to smaller retail stores and property owners, said Jerry Deschane, executive director of the League of Municipalities. “We just think that’s fundamentally unfair,” he said. “The bottom line with the property tax is it has to be uniform.” The cities will have to overcome opposition from the powerful Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce and retail giants that stand to lose millions from a change in current practice. State Department of Revenue rules require that assessments be based on the fair market value of a property. The stores argue that the value of the underlying real estate should be determined by looking at comparable building sales, prices that usually fall far below the assessment of an operating store. Assessing the building as if it were empty has long been the standard in Wisconsin for determining its value, said Don Millis, a Madison attorney who has represented Target and other retailers in assessment challenges. Millis is also lobbying for Manufacturers and Commerce against changes to the law. “You value the sticks, bricks and mud,” Millis said. Cities have been incorrectly assessing the property based on the potential lease value, he said. “We don’t think they’re being undervalued,” he said. “We think assessors are being overly aggressive.” But Republican state Sen. Duey Stroebel, of Saukville, who plans to introduce a bill next month addressing the issue, said the potential lease value of the property should be considered when valuing it for tax purposes. That is what the bill he and others are working on will do, he said. Millis warned that changing the law “could have long-term unintended consequences” affecting how all property is valued. Big box stores such as Menards and Shopko have filed more than 20 lawsuits against Wisconsin municipalities in the past year challenging their property assessments. In one, Menards successfully argued last year that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $9.2 million should be no more than $5.2 million.  A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third. The dilemma for small cities is that the cost of defending lawsuits can equal or exceed the amount of property tax revenue at play, so they are more inclined to settle than fight it, said Deschane. Lawmakers in nearby states have had mixed success in tackling the issue. A proposal in Michigan that attempted to require the taxable value to be based on the highest and best use of a property failed to pass last year.  But in Indiana, the Republican-controlled Legislature, along with then-Gov. Mike Pence, enacted legislation to block what opponents call a tax loophole. The Wisconsin bill is modeled after the Indiana law. Email this: Plan to close loophole aimed at Menards, other retailers | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Eau Claire moms get probation for exposing kids to meth Sears has "substantial doubt" about its future Eau Claire County grants PTO benefits to part-timers Report: Wisconsin's older adults would pay thousands more under Republican health plan Voucher schools climb to nearly 300 in Wisconsin Police officer, 3 others killed in Central Wisconsin Viral video imagines Elmo getting fired over PBS budget cuts High Court bolsters rights of learning-disabled students Former Sen. Feingold launches new advocacy group Poll: President Donald Trump's job approval in Wisconsin at 41 percent Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Sacred Heart Hospital suing Marshfield Clinic Mills Fleet Farm to open $64.8M distribution center in Chippewa Falls Police probe Rice Lake nursing home death Menomonie area woman fined for prostitution Eau Claire moms get probation for exposing kids to meth More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
null
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email March/April/May 2017 How an Obscure Obamacare Provision Is Quietly Saving Lives, and Money, in Missouri Patients with mental as well as physical illnesses are hard to treat. The Show-Me State has figured out a better, cheaper way, using funds from Obamacare. Will Republicans in Washington kill it? by Sheree Crute Magazine Theo Welling Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email About a decade ago, Pat Powers’s life began to spin “out of control,” as she puts it. Powers, a soft-spoken Missouri native, was stressed out from working at Walmart and two other part-time jobs to make ends meet. She was also suffering from diabetes and severe anxiety and depression. She found her way to Crider Health Center, in St. Charles, Missouri, west of St. Louis, a federally funded community health facility that provides a host of physical and mental health services to Medicaid patients like Powers, all under one roof. There, a psychiatrist, realizing that Powers could not juggle multiple jobs and hope to get better, got her onto disability as he worked to stabilize her mental health issues. A physician also prescribed medication for her diabetes. Yet despite the treatment, Powers still couldn’t tame what she called her “nervous breakdowns”—emotional storms that left her seeking help in Missouri emergency rooms. While she fought to regain her emotional stability, her diabetes only got worse. The problem was that the care Powers was receiving wasn’t well coordinated, and she wasn’t receiving the guidance and support she needed. Her psychiatrist and the doctor treating her diabetes weren’t communicating sufficiently, and no one knew whether she was taking her prescribed medications (it turns out that she wasn’t, at least not regularly). The management at Crider, which is part of the Compass Health Network, was aware of the lack of coordination, and like thousands of health care professionals around the country, they were seeking ways to fix it. But like any facility trying to survive on Medicaid’s penurious reimbursement rates, the funding wasn’t available to do much more. Meanwhile, the lack of investment in coordination was, ironically, costing taxpayers a bundle. In 2011 alone, Powers racked up more than $10,000 in care, primarily in emergency rooms. Powers is a member of a group with a dubious distinction: the “5/50” population, short for the 5 percent of patients who account for approximately 50 percent of the nation’s health care costs. These are people who typically suffer from two or more chronic, complex health conditions. (See Anna Gorman, “Home Remedy.”) Many are elderly. Some, like Powers, also have mental health issues that make treating their physical ailments especially challenging. “They could be hearing voices, they could be in a manic phase and not be able to focus,” Pam Haynes, a nurse care manager at Crider says of her patients. “Some people don’t understand, for example, that a piece of paper they are given by a doctor is a prescription and that you actually take that to a pharmacy…[They] might go back to the hospital in three days and say, ‘I’m still having the same problem. What am I supposed to do?’” Things began to turn around for Powers in 2012. That’s when Crider and twenty-five other community mental health centers around Missouri began to receive two years of enhanced federal funding to test integrated care for high-need Medicaid patients as part of Medicaid’s Section 2703, a provision of the Affordable Care Act. Section 2703 grants help health care providers defray the costs of becoming “health homes”—that is, organizations that offer a range of carefully integrated services, including clinical and behavioral health care, along with supportive social services—care thought to be particularly effective for high-need, high-cost patients like Pat Powers. Crider used its share of the funds to, among other things, hire and train nurse managers to help patients set goals and guide their care. It also brought in integrated care managers to help all of the health home’s various care providers—and often outside social service agencies—work in concert for every patient. Those social services might include home visits, and support addressing tough issues like homelessness, unemployment, and social isolation. In Powers’s case, health home care involved sharing information about her medications, hospitalizations, diet, diabetes management, and even employment and housing status. “Like a lot of my clients here, she struggled with basic things, like ‘What’s a carbohydrate’ and how to eat for her diabetes,” says Mary Puetz, the dietician on Powers’s team. By working together, the team helped Powers lower her A1C (a measure of blood glucose) from a dangerous 9.0 to a more manageable 7.4 (6.5 is considered normal) and her cholesterol from 210 to 172. “They helped me understand my depression and cope with things that I stress on, and they helped me with my weight control and diabetes,” says Powers. “Now I’m taking my medication…and I lost ten pounds.” They also helped her find a part-time job. Now, instead of showing up at emergency rooms, she shows up to work the buffet at a local restaurant. “I feel better about myself,” she says with evident pride. “I know I can handle any situation I come across.” Missouri health care officials arranged for primary care doctors, psychiatrists, social workers, and others to be located in the same building so that patients could have “one-stop shopping.” But putting these professionals under the same roof did not guarantee that they would work together. They were neighbors, but not yet teams. The 2703 program is one of the many types of care delivery and payment reform buried in the ACA, and it’s been notably successful in improving patient outcomes while driving down health care costs in many states. Yet as congressional Republicans and the Trump administration try to make good on their promise to “repeal and replace” Obamacare—ostensibly because of its high cost—the 2703 program is at no small risk of getting wiped out. The idea of coordinating care for better results is hardly new. The concept dates back to at least the 1960s, when some pioneering physicians became concerned that ever-increasing medical specialization and the growth of complex chronic diseases among the elderly required a more integrated and scientifically driven approach to health care. These physicians organized the first large-scale health maintenance organizations (HMOs), in which primary care doctors would coordinate care in large, multi-specialty medical group practices that would be part of a system of hospitals, labs, and pharmacies. But the HMO experiment largely fizzled out, and numerous other attempts to encourage integration also failed to take off. One reason is that most health care payment systems, be they private insurance companies or government programs like Medicare, make it difficult for providers to be reimbursed for much of the work—like home visits and coordination meetings—that integrated care typically requires. Another obstacle is cultural: organizations are hard to change, and doctors, nurses, and other health care providers were trained to work in silos. The level of care integration—or “wraparound care,” as some experts call it—is a challenge to achieve. Health care professionals in Missouri understood the need for integrated care, especially after a 2006 report by Joe Parks, a researcher and the current director of MO HealthNet, a division of Missouri’s Department of Social Services, showed that patients with serious mental illness were dying twenty-five years earlier than the rest of the population. “They were dying of things we could help with—chronic health problems,” recalls Nancy Gongaware, a senior vice president of outpatient health care at Missouri’s Compass Health Network, “but we needed to develop a new way of taking care of them.” Among other things, Missouri health care officials arranged for primary care doctors, dentists, and psychiatrists, along with social workers, dieticians, and others, to be located in the same building so that patients could have “one-stop shopping” for all their health care needs. But just because these professionals worked under the same roof did not guarantee that they would work together. They were neighbors, but not yet teams. The opportunity to go further came when Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act in 2010. Missouri, under then Governor Jay Nixon, was one of the first six states to apply for the ACA’s new 2703 grants. Eventually, nineteen states, including the District of Columbia, would do the same. Now, instead of showing up in emergency rooms, Pat Powers shows up to work the buffet at a local restaurant. “I feel better about myself,” she says with evident pride. “I know I can handle any situation I come across.” For years, health policy experts have known that “a lot of the expense in health care comes from poor care coordination,” says Cheryl Damberg, who studies payment reform for RAND. The ACA established policies supplying billions of dollars that fast-tracked experiments in new and better ways aimed at comprehensive health care, while achieving savings through that improved care. According to a review by the Missouri Department of Mental Health, the results of the 2703 grant program in that state have been impressive. The more than 23,000 Missourians who have received care under the health home initiative met or exceeded six of nine benchmark goals for disease management after the ACA-supported expansion. For patients with diabetes alone (America’s most costly disease, at approximately $332 billion a year), the number with controlled blood glucose levels rose from 18 percent to 61 percent. The percentage of patients with hypertension and cardiovascular disease who controlled their blood pressure went from 24 to 67 percent, and their good cholesterol levels soared from 21 to 56 percent. On the cost side, hospitalizations and emergency room visits for this group dropped 14 percent and 19 percent respectively. This saved the state $31 million just in the first year of the program, and the savings have continued, according to Natalie Fornelli, manager of integrated care at Missouri’s Division of Behavioral Health. In 2015, Missouri’s health home program won the American Psychiatric Association’s Gold Achievement Award for community health services. The program is now considered a national model. If there is a downside to the health home initiative, it is that too few Missourians benefit from it. That’s largely because of the politics of Obamacare. While Governor Nixon, a Democrat, had the statutory ability to request the 2703 grant funds, and did so aggressively, Missouri’s GOP-controlled legislature adamantly opposed accepting federal Medicaid expansion funds under the ACA. As a result, 632,000 Missourians remain uninsured, including 40 percent of the one in ten Missouri residents with serious mental illness. That situation is unlikely to change anytime soon, unless Missouri’s new Republican governor, Eric Greitens, who replaced term-limited Jay Nixon in January, can convince his legislators to change course—an uphill climb at best. Last April, the legislature went in the opposite direction, passing a bill requiring Medicaid recipients to pay an $8 copay for any ER visit that is not deemed an emergency, or any missed doctor’s appointment. Former Governor Nixon vetoed the law in July. It will go to Greitens next. At the national level, the fate of the 2703 program is also in doubt. It’s possible that, as Republican lawmakers in Washington and the Trump administration wrestle with the complexities of repealing and replacing Obamacare, they’ll conclude that failing to continue the 2703 grants will likely cost more in tax dollars than it saves, even as it would deprive hundreds of thousands of poor, mentally ill Americans the coordinated treatment that can save their lives. But, as Sidney Watson, a professor at the Saint Louis University School of Law and an expert on health care access for the poor, observes, Trump’s new Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, “has expressed a lot of skepticism about the Medicare and Medicaid demonstration centers.” Still, the advances made at places like Crider Health Center are real and ongoing, even if, without more 2703 grants, they’re unlikely to spread to other community mental health centers. The improved care at Crider has certainly done a world of good for patients like Pat Powers. “Without it,” she says, “I wouldn’t be here. I’d be gone.” Sheree Crute Sheree Crute is a health policy writer based in Brooklyn, and the author of Health Insurance, a Brief History: The Impact of Obamacare. Related Posts A Cure for High Health Care Costs by Shannon Brownlee Republican reform plans misdiagnose the problem. The solution is better care for the minority ...read more Stealth Care: So Much for the “Pro-Life” Party by D.R. Tucker March 19, 2017 3:00 PM The man lies the way the rest of us eat, sleep and breathe. Listen to him, if you can stomach ...read more Antisocial Media: The Threat of Trump on Twitter by D.R. Tucker March 18, 2017 7:00 AM So what madness will he come up with next? It has been two weeks since he accused the former ...read more Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Economy Trump’s Trade Policies Could Crush Mike Pence’s Hometown by Saahil Desai March 14, 2017 In export-heavy Columbus, Indiana, anxiety is high about the administration’s trade priorities. Magazine Stanford’s Big Health Care Idea by Heather Boerner How an unconventional team of doctors figured out how to provide high-need university employees with better health care, for less money. Political Animal Blog Maddow vs. the Madhouse by D.R. Tucker March 18, 2017 11:00 AM What does it say about American society that it took... Political Animal Blog Will Republicans Settle For Only Passing Obamacare Repeal in the House? by Nancy LeTourneau March 15, 2017 3:42 PM A bill that can't pass the Senate could be just what they need. Magazine How to Make the Electoral College Work for Everyone by Steve Silberstein The Constitution asks us to elect a president of the United States, but what we get is a president of Ohio and Florida. There’s an easy way to fix that. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Close Breaking News ISIS claims responsibility for British Parliament attack Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Company recalls 21,000 pounds of frozen pizza By Fox News View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 19, 2017 | 7:04pm | Updated March 19, 2017 | 10:58pm Modal Trigger Getty Images Originally Published By: A California-based company is recalling more than 21,200 pounds of frozen pizza sold at Walmart retail stores in 11 states due to potential listeria contamination. RBR Meat Company Inc. issued the recall for its Marketside Extra Large Supreme Pizza after possible listeria was discovered during routine sampling. The product was available for purchase in Walmart store locations across California, Colorado, Nevada, Washington state, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah, Wyoming, Alaska and Hawaii. According to a news release on the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) the products were produced on Feb. 23 and are packaged in a 50.6-ounce corrugated box containing one shrink-wrapped 16-inch pizza with lot code 20547. According to FSIS, no illnesses tied to the recall had been reported as of March 15. However, consumers who have the product in their freezer or who have purchased it are urged to discard of it or return it for a refund. The recall comes amid a deadly listeria outbreak linked to a New York-based creamery that has resulted in at least six illnesses and two fatalities. Consuming foods contaminated with listeria could cause fever, muscle aches, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance, convulsions, diarrhea or other stomach issues. Pregnant women who are exposed to listeria may suffer miscarriage, stillbirths or premature delivery. Those with compromised immune systems are also considered at an increased risk of health complications after exposure. Consumers with additional questions may contact FSIS at AskKaren.gov or 1-888-674-6854. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on Fox News. Filed under bacteria ,  contamination ,  food recalls ,  pizza Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Senator: Trump owes America an explanation on wiretap clai... Read Next Senator: Trump owes America an explanation on wiretap clai... Share Selection Trending Now in News 89,310 Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' 51,020 Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt 35,334 Infant twin girls found dead inside apartment Now On Suge Knight hospitalized for blood clots Kate Winslet: My childhood bullies called me ‘blubber’ James Corden pays tribute to London terror attack victims SEE ALL Now On HBO's All-Time Sexiest Scenes From Their Best Shows SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Woman killed celebrating 21st birthday was 'severed in half' Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt This teacher is all smiles after student-sex bust Trump doesn't shake hands with Merkel during photo op More Stories pagesix Twitter freaks after Kristi Yamaguchi tells Nancy Kerrigan to 'break a leg' Now On Decider 10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far nypost Bull gores 11-inch horn up matador's butt New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Digital Trends Home > Gaming > Here’s where you should go to buy a Nintendo… Here’s where you should go to buy a Nintendo Switch GameStop will have more Switch units in stores March 22 By Michael Rougeau and Will Nicol — March 17, 2017 10:45 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Nintendo’s newest console, the Switch, launched March 3. After a holiday season where Nintendo consoles — namely the NES Classic Edition and 3DS — were nearly impossible to find, the Switch followed suit, with only a small selection of walk-in consoles available at retailers for those who hadn’t pre-ordered the system. More: Nintendo Switch: Our first take If you are looking to get a Switch as soon as possible, we currently advise you to sign up for the GameStop, Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart email lists, and periodically circle back to Target and Toys R Us. Additionally, a page on Nintendo’s official website lists the major retailers offering the Switch. It’s a good idea to check back to see if more retailers are added. Even though the Switch is currently almost impossible to find, a recent interview with Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime in Wired may ease concerns. He claimed that Nintendo plans to ship 2 million units in the weeks surrounding launch, and that he believes the shipped units will meet demands. “Our focus is making sure that the consumer who wants to buy a Nintendo Switch can buy a Nintendo Switch,” he said. That said, Nintendo is reportedly doubling Switch production to help meet consumer demand, following strong early sales. Here’s how you can currently secure a Switch, so you can start playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild as soon as possible. If none of these options work for you, keep checking back, as we’ll be updating this post as more stores announce Switch availability. GameStop GameStop recently announced that it will have the Nintendo Switch back in stock on March 22, according to a report by GameSpot. The retailer advised customers to check with their local store regarding availability, and stated that customers will not be able to “reserve units in advance.” Purchases must be made in-person, and Gamestop will only carry “individual” units — implying that the retailer’s recent console bundles will not be available for purchase. Sign-up for Switch updates Best Buy Both the grey and neon versions of the Nintendo Switch are currently sold out on Best Buy’s website. To stay updated on availability, it’s a good idea to click “Notify Me When Available” on both the Switch with gray Joy-Con, and the Switch with neon red-blue Joy-Con. If you’re in the market for Switch accessories, however, a two-pack of gray, blue, and red Joy-Con controllers is currently available, as is an extra AC adapter, which can come in handy if you regularly use the system as a handheld. Charging docks and cases are also available. Switch Gray Switch Neon Target Target currently has the gray Joy-Con Switch available in limited amounts for in-store customers, and the neon red-blue version was available until about 1:30 p.m. EST on March 6. We would continue to monitor the retailer’s supply, as it appears to be updating more frequently than other retailers’ websites. The retailer also has limited in-store availability when it comes to extra Joy-Con controllers, cases, and the charging grip. The Pro controller, however, is only being sold in stores. Switch Gray Switch Neon Walmart The Nintendo Switch is currently sold out at Walmart, both online and in stores. Extra Joy-Con controllers, charging grips, and cases are available. Pro controllers, on the other hand, are a different story. At Walmart, customers can also sign up to receive in-stock alerts. You can sign up for notifications for both the Switch with gray Joy-Con, and the Switch with neon red-blue Joy-Con inventory pages. Switch Gray Switch Neon Amazon Amazon currently has only one product page displaying the Switch with gray Joy-Con. That said, you can be added to a product availability mailing list by signing into your Amazon account and clicking “Add to List” — where “Add to Cart” is normally located. Cases, Joy-Cons, and screen protectors are all available through Amazon, though the Pro controller can only be purchased from a third-party seller. Switch Gray Toys R Us Both versions of the Switch, as well as a $500 bundle, are currently sold out at Toys R Us. Extra Joy-Con controllers are currently available in select colors. This article was updated on March 17 by Will Nicol to info regarding GameStop’s recent Switch availability.
Threat Forces Evacuation of Erie Walmart - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Threat Forces Evacuation of Erie Walmart Posted: Sunday, March 19, 2017 3:39 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, March 19, 2017 3:39 PM EDT An Erie Walmart was evacuated Saturday night because of a threat. Erie Police were called to the store on East 28th and Elm Street shortly after 7 p.m. Employees and customers were told to evacuate the building. Some huddled under the overhang for an old bank drive-thru. A spokes person from Walmart told Erie News Now this was not a bomb threat. Instead, the manager of the store took what he described as a threatening call and called police. Officers checked out the building and found nothing. The investigation lasted 45 minutes, and the store was reopened. Current Conditions 7-Day Forecast ---> Radar Satellite Temps Cameras Closings Get our FREE weather app: Apple | Android | Fire Upload your own image or video Loading... Tweets by @WICU12 Search Yellow Pages: Popular Searches Apartments in Erie Attorneys in Erie Auto Dealers in Erie Auto Parts in Erie Auto Repair in Erie Beauty Salons in Erie Car Rental in Erie Dentists in Erie Doctors in Erie Flowers in Erie Hotels in Erie Insurance in Erie Loans in Erie Mortgages in Erie Movers in Erie Pizza in Erie Realtors in Erie Restaurants in Erie Storage in Erie Tax Preparation in Erie Travel in Erie Featured More... Powered by Local Corporation Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> The Community Quickly Helps Cheerleaders Take a Bus to Hershey The Community Quickly Helps Cheerleaders Take a Bus to Hershey Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 11:13 PM EDT2017-03-23 03:13:35 GMT The Strong Vincent Cheerleaders are also Hershey bound, just like the boys basketball team. More >> The Strong Vincent Cheerleaders are also Hershey bound, just like the boys basketball team.More >> Harborcreek Racehorse Owner Goes to Extreme Measures to Save Colt Harborcreek Racehorse Owner Goes to Extreme Measures to Save Colt Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 6:47 PM EDT2017-03-22 22:47:02 GMT A local racehorse owner in Harborcreek goes to extraordinary lengths to save a colt, rejected by its mother. He turned a bedroom inside his home, into a stable.More >> A local racehorse owner in Harborcreek goes to extraordinary lengths to save a colt, rejected by its mother. He turned a bedroom inside his home, into a stable.More >> Police: Security Video Shows Shooting Victim Instigate Gunfire Police: Security Video Shows Shooting Victim Instigate Gunfire Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 12:24 PM EDT2017-03-22 16:24:51 GMT He showed up to the hospital with a gunshot wound to the foot, claiming to be the victim of random gunfire. More >> He showed up to the hospital with a gunshot wound to the foot, claiming to be the victim of random gunfire.More >> Erie School District could specialize sports offerings despite consolidation Erie School District could specialize sports offerings despite consolidation Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-03-23 04:12:17 GMT Gwendolyn Cooley's daughter played volleyball at East High School this year. Now, she's not only wondering where her daughter will play next school year, but if she can play at all. More >> Gwendolyn Cooley's daughter played volleyball at East High School this year. Now, she's not only wondering where her daughter will play next school year, but if she can play at all.More >> New Giant Eagle in Millcreek Marketplace to Open Thursday New Giant Eagle in Millcreek Marketplace to Open Thursday Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 1:02 PM EDT2017-03-22 17:02:30 GMT The grocery store will host a grand opening ceremony at 10 a.m. with a 10-foot Smith's hot dog cutting.More >> The grocery store will host a grand opening ceremony at 10 a.m. with a 10-foot Smith's hot dog cutting.More >> Jobenomics Announces Plan to Create 35 Hundred Jobs in Erie Jobenomics Announces Plan to Create 35 Hundred Jobs in Erie Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 10:48 PM EDT2017-03-23 02:48:23 GMT A town hall presentation on what Jobenomics has in store for Erie was held Wednesday night.  More >> A town hall presentation on what Jobenomics has in store for Erie was held Wednesday night. More >> Police: At least 40 people watched teen's sexual assault on Facebook Live Police: At least 40 people watched teen's sexual assault on Facebook Live Chicago Police are searching for as many as six people involved in the sexual assault of a teenage girl that was broadcast on Facebook Live, a police spokesman said.More >> Chicago Police are searching for as many as six people involved in the sexual assault of a teenage girl that was broadcast on Facebook Live, a police spokesman said.More >> WWII vet wins lottery on 94th birthday WWII vet wins lottery on 94th birthday Ervin Smolinski has a birthday tradition -- he gets lottery tickets as presents.More >> Ervin Smolinski has a birthday tradition -- he gets lottery tickets as presents.More >> 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Diego Giudice/Bloomberg Brazil Moves to Calm Beef Crisis, Temer Heads to Steakhouse by Fabiola Moura More stories by Fabiola Moura and Rachel Gamarski More stories by Rachel Gamarski March 19, 2017, 12:46 PM EDT March 20, 2017, 5:09 AM EDT EU seeking information from Brazil and may schedule meeting President calls emergency meeting in Brasilia for diplomats Brazil’s government moved to head off a crisis over allegations that meat exporters had bribed inspectors to approve tainted beef for sale and export by summoning ambassadors to reassure them they have nothing to worry about. President Michel Temer and his agriculture minister met with top diplomats of the European Union, Sweden, Canada and other countries to say slaughterhouses were being properly audited and that Brazilian meat is safe to eat. Temer said he was headed out for a steak afterward and encouraged others to do the same. Separately, China was said to have temporarily suspended beef imports from Brazil. Temer eats barbecue in a steak house in Brasilia on March 19. Photographer: Evaristo Sa/AFP via Getty Images “This is an urgent issue since it has repercussions for us internally and abroad,” Temer told reporters. “We spoke with embassies so that they could pass the word onto their governments in regards to any concern from the previous days. I invite everyone to go out to a Brazilian steakhouse now.” Temer then dined with 19 ambassadors at a 119 reais ($39) per person all-you-can-eat steakhouse, sitting between the Chinese and Angolan diplomats. Federal authorities said that an investigation unveiled Friday showed about 40 companies, including  JBS SA and BRF SA, had been involved in illicit activities such as bribing inspectors to approve the sale and export of spoiled meat and adding chemical substances to mask the poor quality. While the companies have denied the allegations, including through full-page ads in Brazil’s newspapers and spots on TV, their shares have tumbled at a time when both JBS and BRF are trying to access capital markets again. Explanations Sought The European Commission’s Health and Food Safety department is aware of the investigation and is seeking additional information, according to an emailed statement Sunday. The department said it hasn’t found any irregularities with health certificates related to meat from Brazil since 2015. China and the U.S. have also requested explanations, O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper reported, without saying how it obtained the information. China temporarily suspended imports from Brazil, according to people who received notice from the country’s quarantine authority. Goods currently at sea or at port will not be able to clear customs, according to one of the people. The China Meat Association is collecting information from individual companies about their purchases from Brazil and any potential losses they may have, Zhao Anli, an official at the group’s import and export sub-branch, said Monday. Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi said after the meeting Sunday that the issues unearthed by the investigations are not generalized or widespread in the industry, and that authorities are working to ensure the highest quality hygiene and transparency. “Brazil’s industry is robust and strong but it isn’t infallible,” he said. “We’re making sure that what’s being produced now is getting the proper inspection.” The presidency said in a statement that of more than 4,000 plants in the country only 21 are being probed, and that 33 of a total 11,000 employees in the industry are under investigation. Executive Arrested Federal police served hundreds of court orders related to the investigation on Friday, including more than 30 detention warrants, in what local media said was the largest police operation in the country’s history. Roney Nogueira dos Santos, a BRF executive, was arrested at Sao Paulo’s international airport on Saturday after arriving from South Africa. BRF said in an emailed statement that he surrendered to the authorities and is available to give all clarifications needed. China and Hong Kong, which together are the biggest export market for Brazilian meat, were the destination for about a third of the $5.5 billion of beef shipped from Latin America’s largest economy last year, according to the meat exporters group Abiec. The European Union is the second-largest market, with 13 percent of the exports. China and Hong Kong are also the biggest Brazilian market for chicken, while the European Union ranks third, according to the Brazilian Association of Animal Protein Abpa. Retail Chains Some of the tainted meat was sold domestically for school meals or to retail chains including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., according to police and Brazil’s Federal Revenue agency. Some was exported -- police allege three BRF cargoes tainted with salmonella are still en route to Europe. Wal-Mart said in a statement that it has requested explanations from the suppliers cited by the police, and that its internal procedures on food safety are reliable. The U.S. bought $297.8 million of red meat from Brazil in 2016, according to government data. That’s a fraction of the roughly $200 billion of meat Americans consume annually, the bulk of it from domestic sources, according to the North American Meat Institute. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up While prosecutors of the so-called “Weak Flesh” probe said the practice was widespread in the industry, there have been no cases of individuals getting sick from consuming the products, and Brazilians over the weekend were mostly buying meat as usual. It was alleged that some of the meat, including sausages and cold cuts, was adulterated with ingredients including pig heads, and that suspect smells were masked by applying acid. For more details on the police investigation, click here. Brazil’s Federal Inspection Service is one of the most efficient and rigorous worldwide, the Brazilian Ministry of Agriculture said Saturday in a statement. On Friday, it said that while the scandal revealed only isolated cases, it may more broadly harm the country’s global trade reputation. Salmonella Strain The kind of salmonella found in containers of meat en route to Italy is Salmonella Saint Paul, which is permitted by European standards, BRF also said in a statement on Saturday. Prosecutors said that BRF and JBS had influence in choosing the inspectors responsible for overseeing their plants and paid bribes to get clearance for their products. Two executives at JBS and three at BRF are among those being investigated, police said. Expansion Plans Sao Paulo-based JBS said in a statement that it “vehemently repudiates” claims it sold spoiled food. While the company denied its executives were targeted by court orders, it confirmed three of its plants were included in Friday’s probe. The investigation and any potential repercussions on business come at a bad time for the companies. JBS is trying to sell shares in the U.S. and expand in what’s proving to be its most lucrative market, while BRF is pursuing a sale of shares in its halal unit -- a plan already in doubt after the company posted a record quarterly loss. JBS slumped 11 percent and BRF tumbled 7.3 percent at Friday’s close in Sao Paulo, the worst performers on Brazil’s benchmark stock index. Bond yields for both companies also surged. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Cloudy with occasional rain showers. High 48F. Winds SE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%.. Tonight A few clouds. Low around 45F. Winds SSE at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 7:55 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Breaking Live updates: Muscatine mayor impeachment hearing AP Big box stores gird for battle with Wisconsin cities By SCOTT BAUER Associated Press Mar 19, 2017 Updated Mar 19, 2017 0 MADISON, Wis. (AP) — A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature. Republican-backed proposals, written in conjunction with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, are designed to close the so-called dark store loophole and increase how much the mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes. The bills come in reaction to court rulings in Wisconsin and nearby Midwestern states — starting in Michigan — that have helped the retail giants lower the value placed on their stores for levying property taxes. The retailers have successfully challenged their tax assessments in communities across Wisconsin, and the Midwest, by arguing they are overtaxed and should pay the same rate as a store that is closed and vacant. That results in a shift of the property tax burden to smaller retail stores and property owners, said Jerry Deschane, executive director of the League of Municipalities. "We just think that's fundamentally unfair," he said. "The bottom line with the property tax is it has to be uniform." The cities will have to overcome opposition from the powerful state chamber of commerce and deep-pocketed retail giants that stand to lose millions from a change in current practice. Wisconsin Department of Revenue rules require that assessments be based on the fair market value of a property. The stores argue that the value of the underlying real estate should be determined by looking at comparable building sales, prices that usually fall far below the assessment of an operating store. Assessing the building as if it were empty has long been the standard in Wisconsin for determining its value, said Don Millis, a Madison attorney who has represented Target and other retailers in assessment challenges. Millis is also lobbying for the Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce against changes to the law. "You value the sticks, bricks and mud," Millis said. Cities have been incorrectly assessing the property based on the potential lease value, he said. "We don't think they're being undervalued," he said. "We think assessors are being overly aggressive." But Republican state Sen. Duey Stroebel, who plans to introduce a bill next month addressing the issue, said the potential lease value of the property should be considered when valuing it for tax purposes. That is what the bill he and others are working on will do, he said. Millis warned that changing the law "could have long-term unintended consequences" affecting how all property is valued. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Big box stores including Menards, Lowe's and ShopKo have filed more than 20 lawsuits against Wisconsin municipalities in the past year challenging their property assessments. In one, Menards successfully argued last year that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $9.2 million should be no more than $5.2 million. A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third. The dilemma for small cities is that the cost of defending lawsuits can equal or exceed the amount of property tax revenue at play, so they are more inclined to settle than fight it, said Deschane, who's with the League of Municipalities. Lawmakers in nearby states have had mixed success in tackling the issue. A proposal in Michigan that attempted to require the taxable value to be based on the highest and best use of a property failed to pass last year. But in Indiana, the Republican-controlled Legislature, along with then-Gov. Mike Pence, enacted legislation to block what opponents call a tax loophole. The Wisconsin bill is modeled after the Indiana law. ___ Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/scott-bauer . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Local Taxes Local Governments Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance Home Improvement Store Operators Property Taxes Legislature State Legislature State Governments Legislation Discount Store And Superstore Operators Multi-line Retail × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muscatine Journal's 2017 All-Area Wrestling Team Rising Comet: Esmoil learns, adjusts and reaches top of podium Wieskamp earns INA 1st-team all-state honors, Massner named to 2nd team PREP SCOREBOARD | Tuesday, March 14 MHS gym addition will add easier access, new weight room More on this topic Applications for US jobless aid rise to still-low 258,000 ABC News says 3 of its Twitter accounts were hacked UK consumers spend more in Feb but underlying trend is down Officials: Tech company seeks $3.3M in state tax credits Lockheed Martin moving F-16 production to South Carolina Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Hearing to impeach Muscatine Mayor Diana Broderson will be broadcast live Living with brain injury: Muscatine woman wants to start a brain injury support group MHS Senior Survivor: Meet the teams Limoges: Lessons learned from Muscatine mayor fight New principal named at L-M Elementary Sara Creamer Sue A. Hatfield Robert ‘Bobby’ Nichols Building to the finish: Boyd's work pays off in final season for Columbus Funerals Currents Weather Ask the Weather Guys: 10 best questions about spring Election 2016 Live Timeline: Women's firsts in American politics Health The 40 granolas with the most sugar How to stay healthy at work Greta Garbo's former NYC apartment on market for $5.95M Pro Football Weekly 2017 NFL Mock Draft 1.0 US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business March 19, 2017 11:51 AM Big box stores gird for battle with Wisconsin cities By SCOTT BAUER Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MADISON, Wis. A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature. Republican-backed proposals, written in conjunction with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, are designed to close the so-called dark store loophole and increase how much the mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes. The bills come in reaction to court rulings in Wisconsin and nearby Midwestern states — starting in Michigan — that have helped the retail giants lower the value placed on their stores for levying property taxes. The retailers have successfully challenged their tax assessments in communities across Wisconsin, and the Midwest, by arguing they are overtaxed and should pay the same rate as a store that is closed and vacant. That results in a shift of the property tax burden to smaller retail stores and property owners, said Jerry Deschane, executive director of the League of Municipalities. "We just think that's fundamentally unfair," he said. "The bottom line with the property tax is it has to be uniform." The cities will have to overcome opposition from the powerful state chamber of commerce and deep-pocketed retail giants that stand to lose millions from a change in current practice. Wisconsin Department of Revenue rules require that assessments be based on the fair market value of a property. The stores argue that the value of the underlying real estate should be determined by looking at comparable building sales, prices that usually fall far below the assessment of an operating store. Assessing the building as if it were empty has long been the standard in Wisconsin for determining its value, said Don Millis, a Madison attorney who has represented Target and other retailers in assessment challenges. Millis is also lobbying for the Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce against changes to the law. "You value the sticks, bricks and mud," Millis said. Cities have been incorrectly assessing the property based on the potential lease value, he said. "We don't think they're being undervalued," he said. "We think assessors are being overly aggressive." But Republican state Sen. Duey Stroebel, who plans to introduce a bill next month addressing the issue, said the potential lease value of the property should be considered when valuing it for tax purposes. That is what the bill he and others are working on will do, he said. Millis warned that changing the law "could have long-term unintended consequences" affecting how all property is valued. Big box stores including Menards, Lowe's and ShopKo have filed more than 20 lawsuits against Wisconsin municipalities in the past year challenging their property assessments. In one, Menards successfully argued last year that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $9.2 million should be no more than $5.2 million. A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third. The dilemma for small cities is that the cost of defending lawsuits can equal or exceed the amount of property tax revenue at play, so they are more inclined to settle than fight it, said Deschane, who's with the League of Municipalities. Lawmakers in nearby states have had mixed success in tackling the issue. A proposal in Michigan that attempted to require the taxable value to be based on the highest and best use of a property failed to pass last year. But in Indiana, the Republican-controlled Legislature, along with then-Gov. Mike Pence, enacted legislation to block what opponents call a tax loophole. The Wisconsin bill is modeled after the Indiana law. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:18 Alex Rodriguez throws first pitch at Westminster Christian game Pause 2:20 Guerrilla artist: A Colombian rebel and painter emerges from the jungle 0:42 An off-duty cop went unconscious in a drive-thru. He jumped though the window to help. 2:17 Spoonbills indicator for health of Florida Bay 2:29 Miami Heat's Whiteside talks about hand injury 1:06 FHP trooper critically hurt in Dolphin Expressway accident 0:50 Manhunt for suspect closes Hialeah streets 1:42 Biden rallies Democrats on anniversary of Affordable Care Act 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Miami and Miami Beach take steps to fight Airbnb rentals 2:10 3 days ago Miami and Miami Beach take steps to fight Airbnb rentals 1:23 8 days ago A visual tour of Downtown Doral 1:10 10 days ago Celebrity Cruises’ new ship gets built in virtual reality View more video Business Mid-market sales still strong, but overall home sales in South Florida struggle ‘An outright attack on labor unions’ — or ensuring more accountability? Trump’s travel ban, new hotels and Zika (yes, still) are battering Miami tourism Business Plan Challenge draws 234 entries; finalists will be announced April 10 A health system bets big on Miami’s future in health-tech Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart Investing Heavily in Online Women’s Retail By Paul Ausick March 16, 2017 8:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Even before Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) paid $3 billion for online retailer Jet.com last year, the acquired company had itself been in full acquisition mode. Since Wal-Mart’s acquisition, Jet.com has added two more retailers, ShoeBuy and outdoor apparel seller Moosejaw. News website Jezebel reported Wednesday afternoon that Jet.com, through Wal-Mart, has acquired women’s fashion retailer ModCloth for an unspecified sum. The deal is expected to close Thursday and an announcement is scheduled to be announced Friday. According to a report at Recode, the struggling retailer had been unable to raise additional capital and likely sold for around $80 million, roughly equal to the amount of venture capital ModCloth had raised since its founding in 2002. When Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com last August, the world’s largest retailer said that it would retain the Jet brand in order to “continue to provide a unique and differentiated customer experience with a curated assortment.” ModCloth fits right into that mold. ModCloth positions itself as a hip, quirky, independent retailer of “indie-inflected” clothes. The company might fit in with Jet.com or it might not. According to Jezebel, ModCloth CEO Matthew Kaness told employees: I think there’s a lot of overlap culturally with what [Wal-Mart’s] about and what we’re about. I think over time this is going to become an incredible marriage. Jezebel then noted, “In the recording we heard, employees in the room can be heard laughing in what sounds like disbelief.” The deal is part of an attempt by Wal-Mart to gain market share from e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), which has taken business from brick-and-mortar retailers. Wal-Mart shares were down fractionally in Thursday’s premarket session, after closing at $70.58, down about 0.2%, on Wednesday. The stock’s 52-week range is $62.72 to $75.19. The 12-month consensus price target is $74.37. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and More Dollar Stores May Be One of the Last Few Retail Growth Spots » Read more: Retail, Mergers and Acquisitions, Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores The Worst Counties to Live In America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Revisions show claims higher in 2017 than previously reported Four-week claims average rises 1,000 to 240,000 U.S. weekly jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 Why Is Skechers (SKX) Up 12.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is AptarGroup (ATR) Up 4.4% Since the Last Earnings Report? PPG Confirms Rejection of Revised Offer by AkzoNobel Global stocks, sterling hold steady after London attack As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Trump Tantrum looms on Wall Street if healthcare effort stalls Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Why the Border Adjustment Tax Should Be Killed The BAT is a bad idea. There are far better ways to shrink the federal budget deficit. By Gene Epstein Biography March 18, 2017 “Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don’t love it,” Donald Trump told The Wall Street Journal shortly before his inauguration, noting that the proposed border adjustment tax was “too complicated.” Trump isn’t always right when he makes off-the-cuff remarks such as that, but this time he was. The proposed border adjustment tax is so complicated that even its advocates can’t agree on how its disruptive effects on the U.S. economy will play out, and there’s nothing to love about that. The BAT is a bad idea, and it should be... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market EBay is taking on Amazon Prime and Wal-Mart in guaranteed delivery, free shipping Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 10:05 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES David A. Grogan | CNBC Devin Wenig, incoming CEO of eBay. The e-commerce battle to get consumers what they want, when they want it, rages on. On Monday eBay announced that this summer its shopping platform will guarantee three-day delivery in the U.S. on more than 20 million items. Millions of those eligible items will also come with free shipping, according to the company's press release. And shoppers will be able to filter items by one- and two-day delivery. This news comes as the world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, announced earlier this year that it will offer free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items, when shoppers spend at least $35. The previous threshold of spending — to receive the free two-day shipping — was $50. In February 2005, Amazon launched Amazon Prime, which now has more than 50 million members in the U.S., according to research from Cowen and Co. And according to data from Kantar Retail, the biggest reason Prime members renew their subscriptions is for the free two-day delivery. EBay is the latest retailer to beef up its shipping options for customers, as speed is becoming a necessity for many these days. "Today's shoppers expect fast delivery and want to know exactly when their purchases will arrive," the company wrote in Monday's press release. EBay said it has more than 167 million active buyers on its e-commerce platform today. Bix-box retailer Target rolled out free shipping for the holidays and spent $1 billion in 2016 to upgrade its e-commerce platform. The company now has a threshold of $25 for orders to receive free shipping, dropping from what used to be a minimum amount spent of $50. EBay said it hopes the summer launch of "guaranteed delivery" will bring more sales, more control for sellers and happier customers. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- EBAY --- AMZN --- TGT --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Take Me Out to the Ballgame Win a Pair of Tickets to Americans Hockey Playoff Game March 29 Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Screen Repair + Bulbs Dental Heating & Air Home & Flooring Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Painting Services Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Bracket Challenge Baseball Contest Weather Report Insane Inflatable 5k Hockey Tix SCHOOL DELAYS Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Toddler Dies After Being Struck By a Vehicle in Walmart Parking Lot By Stacy Lee March 20, 2017 6:56 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter This tragic accident occurred Saturday March 18th at the Sunnyside Walmart. 19 month old Isabella Orozco died after being struck by a vehicle in the parking lot. It’s been reported the little girl ran out of the store ahead of her family and was struck accidentally by the vehicle. The girl was rushed to the Sunnyside Hospital and was pronounced dead shortly after arriving. The accident is under investigation at this time  according to NBC News. Our deepest sympathies to her family Category: Tri-Cities News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 Mayor of Everett Tries Suing OxyContin for Causing Heroin Epidemic 15 Reasons You Should Never EVER Move To Washington The Landing Bistro is Now Open in Richland and the Burgers are Legit! Serious Wreck Snarls Traffic at Blue Bridge-Columbia Drive Roundabout Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air The Glenn Beck Program Wall| Posts| Email Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Play the Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Local winner gets a 55-inch TV, 60 points or more wins $10k and a perfect bracket wins $1M Enter Now Top Stories Be Careful Near Rivers & Streams This Spring! GoFundMe Set Up for Former Cop With Blood Disease Walla Walla Teens Rob Woman at Gunpoint for E-Cig Burglar Tries to Evade Cops by Sitting in Abandoned Car Mayor of Everett Tries Suing OxyContin for Causing... Oregon Mulls Lessening Sentences for Drug Offenses $25 Certificate to Emerald of Siam Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
News Military Were store brands used to dampen commissary savings targets? Tom PhilpottContact ReporterMilitary Update Defense Commissary Agency officials say they correctly calculated the "baseline" shopper savings that Congress insisted be verified and preserved as commissaries are transformed into more business-like grocery operations. DeCA contends it determined savings by region using price comparison techniques that reflect more accurately than in the past the way commissary patrons actually shop for groceries on base and at local retail outlets. Advocates for patrons are skeptical. They suggest DeCA's approach isn't what Congress portrayed last year when it directed that existing discounts be accurately measured and protected. DeCA, critics contend, appears to have taken steps to dampen savings targets so they are easier to meet as it strives to cut operating costs. Paring DeCA's annual appropriation of $1.3 billion, after all, is indisputably the primary purpose behind transformation of base grocery stores. The most troublesome step to explain is why DeCA used discounted private label products sold by retailers as a significant element in revising savings calculations, at a time when DeCA only sells brand-name items. That decision alone, DeCA said, could have lowered baseline savings by up to two percentage points. DeCA officials last month gave conflicting reports on whether it weighted the baseline results at all, or at least sufficiently, to neutralize the impact of comparing retail private label prices to brand-name products in commissaries. For decades, up until this year, DeCA claimed commissaries saved patrons, on average, more than 30 percent compared with prices at commercial outlets. As defense budgets tightened, the Obama administration, backed by the Joint Chiefs, urged Congress to allow deep cuts to DeCA's appropriation so the money saved could be diverted to more pressing readiness needs. Two years ago, a study from Boston Consulting Group, which now has several contracts in support of commissary transformation, estimated that actual shopper savings were closer to 17 percent, which might be preserved even as DeCA's became more efficient through the adoption of commercial retail practices. Last year Congress authorized DeCA to phase out its tradition of selling only brand products and of pricing them always at cost plus a surcharge. Instead, DeCA will embrace variable pricing, reduce brand name product selections and introduce its own private label goods, like commercial grocers do, to offer lower prices on the shelves, expand profit margins and cut the annual taxpayer subsidy. Congress stressed, however, that DeCA must first calculate existing patron savings, by region, and then protect the savings during transformation so that shoppers see no diminution in the value of their benefit. In late January DeCA unveiled its baseline savings calculations: 23.7 percent globally, 20.2 percent stateside, and, for stateside regions, baselines range from 18.1 percent across South Central states to 32.6 percent for Alaska and Hawaii. Given that most of the regional baselines, plus global and stateside averages, came in far below the "more than 30 percent" average savings long touted, agency officials said they got swamped with calls for a more detailed explanation. DeCA said its revised method for calculating savings relied far more heavily than in the past on price comparisons with Walmart Supercenters. It also used in its calculations local price comparisons done manually for a smaller selection of popular products, roughly 1,400, and applied those results to lessen reliance on nationwide price comparisons across all DeCA-stocked products. But the step DeCA took that raised the most eyebrows was calculating regional savings in part by comparing prices on commissary brand-name products to outside private label prices. In February, Christopher Burns, DeCA's executive director of transformation, struggled through half of an hour-long roundtable discussion with trade press reporters to explain why including private label prices at retail outlets didn't distort commissary baseline savings. He didn't succeed. Burns noted that Congress wanted a more "granular approach to calculating savings" rather than rely exclusively on Nielsen nationwide price data to compare items sold in commissaries with average retail prices. So DeCA opted to conduct smaller "manual" or clipboard comparisons of more popular commissary items with prices for like products sold by at least two local retailers, often including a Walmart Supercenter and their discounted private label goods. Burns was asked why both those steps shouldn't be perceived as an effective way to dampen perceived commissary savings. He said DeCA had weighted its savings computations in a way that presumed commissaries also sold private label products, even though the first of commissary labeled goods haven't been produced or priced yet and won't be available for sale before May this year. Making private label price comparisons was important, he explained, because patrons buy these products at retail and it's critical to capture the choices they make at retail to more accurately calculate commissary savings. "It may not be brand" but it's what they want, Burns said. "So that's why we moved forward in putting those private labels in. We weren't trying to artificially lower that baseline savings; it is what it is. And again, on our end, we also factored in a weighting factor…for private label on our side as well." Later, in a statement, DeCA said "as our shoppers' behavior evolves, our measurement criteria should as well. Since shoppers buy both branded and store brand, or private label, products at a range of retailers, including superstores, the most accurate way to capture how much our patrons save…is to compare commissary prices for a product to commercial prices for that same product, including both branded and store brand options." DeCA added that "including store brand products in the savings calculation, in addition to brand named products, provides a more realistic assessment of patron savings in the area where a commissary patron shops." Brooke Goldberg, director of military family policy for Military Officers Association of America, said savings calculations for commissary shoppers need to be "fixed and transparent" to be credible as store operations are transformed. "The inclusion of private label in the benchmark does not reflect the patron shopping experience at the commissary today, and basing a savings calculation on a projected behavior allows for a larger margin of error," Brooke said. Eileen Huck, government relations deputy director for National Military Family Association, said the change in commissary shopper savings is hard to understand. "It made sense to me that in the past they excluded private label items from the price comparison since DeCA didn't carry a private label. It would seem more logical to wait to include generics in the price comparison once DeCA's own private label is introduced, so you aren't comparing apples and oranges." Whatever method DeCA uses to calculate savings and set prices must "be consistent and transparent to families," Huck said. "I'm not sure the new methodology meets either of those two goals." To comment, write Military Update, P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA, 20120 or email milupdate@aol.com or twitter: Tom Philpott @Military_Update Copyright © 2017, Daily Press U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 36°
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10045 213 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Profits are falling as labor and other costs are rising, experts say. Post to Facebook Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Profits are falling as labor and other costs are rising, experts say.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2nrmOwA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 102 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Zlati Meyer , USA TODAY 8:18 a.m. ET March 20, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Looking to save money at the grocery store? TC Newman (@PurpleTCNewman) has some tips! Buzz60 A shopper looks at an item in the dairy section of a Kroger grocery store in Richardson, Texas, in this 2014 photo (Photo: LM Otero, AP) 10045 CONNECTTWEET 213 LINKEDIN 102 COMMENTEMAILMORE Low food prices and razor-sharp competition are creating bargains for shoppers -- but killing profits for grocery chains. "It’s created a price war among everybody. This is great news for consumers, but bad news for businesses who sell food," said Phil Lempert, a supermarket analyst who is the founder of supermarketguru.com, a Web site tracking industry news and trends. At the same time, supermarkets are destroying their profit margins as they fight for new shoppers -- and fight off deep discounters like Walmart and online sellers. More on food prices:  Want to cut your grocery bill in half? Take these 3 steps Beer, snacks and cars: How a 20% Mexico tariff could cost U.S. shoppers It becomes a spiral. As food prices fall, retailers become more aggressive in trying to sell higher volumes in order to maintain revenue. "To do that, they’re putting things on sale and getting people into the store and hopefully selling them more quantity,“ says Jon Stringer, retail editor at Supermarket News. "As long as sales are growing, you’re able to get a little more out of fixed costs. Prices of supermarket items declined 1.3% last year, compared to the year before, says the Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service. It was the first annual decline since 1967. Just about every family will feel the impact since weekly household grocery expenses in 2016 were $107.34, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wegmans, a 92-store regional supermarket chain based in Rochester, N.Y., recently lowered prices on organic bananas from 69 cents a pound to 59 cents a pound. An 18-ounce jar of Wegmans house-brand peanut butter fell in price from $1.99 to $1.49. Prices on 40 key items, including beef, dairy and eggs, fell as well. Wegmans executives say they had no choice. "For us to be competitive, we’ve always had a commitment to our customers to have the lowest prices on products families use the most," explained Tom DiNardo, the chain's senior vice president of sales and marketing. "Everybody who sells food is our biggest competitor." Costco has cut some of its food prices as much as half. A carton of 18 extra large eggs was $3.61 last year. It came down to $1.79. A three-pound bag of Kirkland Signature pistachios was $19.99. It fell to $14.99; Arm & Hammer liquid laundry detergent came down to $10.99 from $15.79. Price deflation was to blame, according to CFO Richard Galanti. "As compared to 12 months earlier across all of our U.S. inventory on a cost, not sell basis, on like items, the average deflationary amount was slightly over half a percent, closer to 1% on foods," he explained. One of the largest supermarket chains in the country, Cincinnati-based Kroger’s, just ended a 13-year streak of quarter-over-quarter higher sales at stores open at least a year. It blamed lower food prices. Yet at the same time, Lempert says, labor and other costs were rising, thinning profits "and that’s everyone from Kroger to Whole Foods." Meat, chicken and eggs have seen biggest cuts because of oversupply and lower than expected exports. According to the USDA, agricultural exports dropped by $17 billion or approximately 11% between 2014 and 2015. "We’re definitely in a prolonged deflationary period," said Kelly Bania, a senior analyst at BMO Capital Markets, who covers food retailing. Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer 10045 CONNECTTWEET 213 LINKEDIN 102 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2nrmOwA
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 65° 65° Low 68° High 85° Fri 67° 80° Sat 62° 83° Sun 70° 84° See complete forecast Man accused of killing ex-girlfriend, officer won’t face death penalty Posted 11:39 AM, March 16, 2017, by Ciara Rouege Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — Markeith Loyd, the Florida man who sparked an extensive manhunt after allegedly killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and a police officer, will not face the death penalty, State Attorney Aramis Ayala said Thursday. At a press conference, Ayala said she had studied the issue and decided her office would not seek the death penalty in any cases, saying capital punishment in Florida had led to “chaos, uncertainty, and turmoil.” She argued that evidence showed the death penalty was overly expensive, slow, inhumane and did not increase public safety. Loyd was indicted on 11 counts, including murder, firearm and other charges in the December 13 death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon and the January 9 death of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton. He was captured January 17 after a nationwide manhunt. In a statement Wednesday night, Orlando police Chief John Mina said he was “extremely upset” to learn that prosecutors will not seek the death penalty against Loyd. “I have seen the video of Markeith Loyd executing Lt. Debra Clayton while she lay defenseless on the ground,” the police chief said. “She was given no chance to live. A cop killer — who also killed his pregnant girlfriend — should not be given that chance. The heinous crimes that he committed in our community are the very reason we have the death penalty as an option under the law.” Loyd and Dixon had been involved in a relationship and had a child on the way, authorities said. He had been on the run since her fatal shooting at an Orlando residence. Clayton received word January 9 that Loyd was near a Walmart and tried to confront him. Mina said the suspect “basically opened fire on” Clayton as soon as she told him to stop and continued to shoot even after she was down. Backlash to the decision The decision by Ayala, a Democrat, not to pursue death penalty cases in Florida’s 9th Judicial Circuit sparked a sharply negative reaction from several Republican officials in the state. In a statement, Gov. Rick Scott said he “completely disagree(s)” with the move and called on Ayala to recuse herself from the Loyd case. “She has made it abundantly clear that she will not fight for justice for Lt. Debra Clayton and our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day,” Scott said. Similarly, state Attorney General Pam Bondi, also a Republican, said it “sends a dangerous message” not to seek the death penalty. “It is a blatant neglect of duty and a shameful failure to follow the law as a constitutionally elected officer,” Bondi said. Shawn Dunlap, president of the Fraternal Order of Police Orlando Lodge 25, slammed the decision as an “epic injustice.” “The death penalty is the law of the land in the state of Florida, and I believe that if there ever was a case for its use this would be the one,” Dunlap said. Capital punishment has been in limbo in Florida recently. The US Supreme Court ruled in January 2016 that the state’s death penalty process was unconstitutional, and the state’s high court ruled against a proposed fix to that law late last year. On Tuesday, the governor signed a new death penalty bill, which was crafted to stand up to those legal challenges. ‘I’m a human being’ When asked to enter a plea this month, Loyd responded: “For the record, I want to state that I am Markeith Loyd. Flesh and blood. I’m a human being. I’m not a fictitious person. I’m not a corporation,” he said. Chief Judge Frederick J. Lauten entered a not guilty plea on Loyd’s behalf. Loyd had a series of verbal outbursts when he questioned why the court placed charges against him. “The state of Florida has charged you with these offenses, not the court,” Lauten explained. Loyd repeatedly insisted on representing himself. He was found competent to make that decision, but the judge ordered a public defender be assigned as standby counsel. Court documents indicate Loyd has not been diagnosed with a mental issue, has 10 years’ worth of schooling and has a GED certificate. Charges dropped for Loyd associates In other news related to the Loyd case, charges of accessory after the fact against Zarghee Mayan and Jameis Slaughter were dropped, according to a review of an Orange County court docket. Authorities said Mayan did not contact officials after meeting with Loyd, who allegedly told him he had killed Dixon. Slaughter was accused of collecting money to give to Loyd, a former boyfriend, while police were searching for him, authorities said. The court filing said the case is not suitable for prosecution. Slaughter still faces a misdemeanor charge of giving police false information. She’s accused of lying about her communication with Loyd while he was on the run. Trials set Heavily armed officers arrested Loyd at an Orlando house in January. At the time, Loyd said the full story had not been told about the fatal shooting of his former girlfriend. A pretrial hearing for the Dixon case is set for April 17, Lauten said. Jury selection for that trial will begin on May 1. The case is expected to last about two weeks. On June 19, Loyd will stand trial, accused of killing Clayton. A pretrial hearing is scheduled for June 12. The next status hearing is scheduled for Monday. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Local woman chronicles her battle with stomach cancer up until her last day Smiling mugshot of Lockhart teacher accused of inappropriate relationship with student goes viral That big chicken video isn’t fake, but it is terrifying Young woman shot, killed in vehicle on West Little York Road Latest News HCSO: At least 3 suspects arrested in drug, weapon raid at house in Crosby  Will 100% fruit juice make your child gain weight? 17,000 AT&T workers go on strike Fire destroys church owned by white supremacist in North Dakota NewsFix Accused cop killer captured, Orlando police say Nation/World NewsFix $100,000 reward for suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando officer, police say Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police shooting: Markeith Loyd stays out of reach Nation/World NewsFix Judge denies bond for suspect on Orlando police shooting charges Nation/World NewsFix Fallen officers: 4 killed in the line of duty in 2017 Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police officer shot, killed; manhunt underway for suspect Nation/World NewsFix Dylann Roof: ‘There’s nothing wrong with me psychologically’ Nation/World NewsFix Dylann Roof jury: Death penalty for Charleston church shooter Nation/World NewsFix Mass shooter Dylann Roof, with a laugh, confesses,’I did it’ Nation/World NewsFix Harris County man arrested in 2002 death of his common-law wife NewsFix Sources: Airport shooting suspect used gun once seized by police, confesses Nation/World NewsFix Former WWE star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Nation/World NewsFix Fort Lauderdale shooting suspect faces federal charges Monday Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Must-Read Money Stories for Monday, March 20 by Kristena Hansen March 20, 2017 Share this! Walt Disney Co. has agreed to pay $3.8 million for minimum wage law violations according to the Daily Caller. (Image “Disneyland” by Josh Janssen via Flickr, CC license via 2.0.) Trump eyes control of Consumer Protection Further attempting to weaken the Obama-era Dodd-Frank legislation born to bolster protections for consumers, Donald Trump is now asking the courts to declare the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau an unconstitutional agency. According to Forbes, a ruling in the president’s favor would allow him to oust the agency’s director without cause, as is currently required. Forbes notes that this would allow Trump, who signed an executive order in February requiring a review of Dodd-Frank, to put significant political pressure on the director and subsequently undermine the agency’s independence from the Wall Street giants it was set up to regulate. Disney fined over minimum wage Following a Department of Labor investigation that found violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, Walt Disney Co. has agreed to cough up $3.8 million in back wages, according to the Daily Caller over the weekend. The bulk of the fines will be dispersed to more than 16,000 hotel and time-share employees, whose paychecks included fee deductions to pay for costume or uniform costs, causing their hourly rates to ultimately fall below the federal minimum wage. Walmart eyes hipsters, buys ModCloth On the surface, Walmart and ModCloth couldn’t be more different. The former offers giant discounts on everything from household items to electronics at big box stores. The latter is a trendy online clothing retailer that sells hip, one-of-a-kind items to young hipsters. Despite their differences, the pair is now teaming up under the same roof. USA Today reports that Walmart, in an effort to allure younger shoppers and better compete with Amazon, has purchased ModCloth for an undisclosed price, although unnamed sources peg the price tag between $51 million and $70 million. Student debt protections rolled back President Trump late last week rescinded federal protections for students who would be charged big fees in the event they default on their school loans, according to the Washington Post. The revocation means the Education Department has instructed debt collectors to ignore an Obama-era memo that forbids them from tacking on fees as high as 16 percent on the principal and accrued interest of defaulted student loans held by guarantee agencies (but not the federal government), if the borrower entered the so-called Federal Family Education Loan Program within 60 days of defaulting. Get a quick snapshot of the day’s most newsworthy business stories in your mailbox each morning. It’s fast and free. Sign up here. Related Posts Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, March 15 Must-Read Money Stories for Thursday, March 16 Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, March 17 Must-Read Money Stories Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, March 22 Share this!What goes up The S&P 500 Index fell more March 22, 2017 Story Ideas: New Wedding Business Trends Share this!As newlyweds and their guests gear up for the March 22, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get daily money story ideas when you get Must Read Money delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list
Don't Miss: How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Sharky's true tales of Shark Tank Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only The ultimate guide to strategic tech partners Vendor health check: Salesforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Mar 20, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Chase's MCX tech buy will take time to pay off — time that it may never get MCX had to be a bargain for Chase, but a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: JP Morgan Chase More like this Walmart Pay vs. Apple Pay: Hardware age dictates all Isis CTO accuses retailers of turning off NFC and smartcard payment tech Merchant sites open door to Visa fraud Video MWC 2017: Top phones get a new lease on life When JPMorgan Chase on March 10 acquired MCX’s payment technology to help with Chase Pay, it likely received a bargain. After all, it’s hard to envision an entity in a weaker negotiating position these days than MCX, which has already surrendered on delivering its own payment system. But a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost. The MCX technology is based on QR codes, and even Walmart’s Walmart Pay is struggling with the same issues that have routinely plagued not-so-easy-to-scan-the-first-time QR codes. But it’s not the technology that attracted Chase. It’s the customers that are already prepared to accept it as payment. The only thing that MCX did well was to corral some of the nation’s largest retailers into becoming members. Walmart led off, followed by Target, 7-Eleven, Kohl’s, ShopRite, Publix, Wendy’s, Wawa, CVS, Meijer, Michael’s, Dunkin’ Donuts, Lowe’s, Sunoco, Best Buy, Mobil and quite a few more. Granted, just because most of those chains were ready to accept MCX doesn’t mean they still are. But it’s a start, and the one thing that Chase Pay needs more than anything else right now is merchants accepting it. Apple was smart to launch Apple Pay only after it had a decent number of major brands willing to accept it for payments. Shoppers with the latest iPhones wanted to at least try this new NFC payment method. If they hadn't been able to find any local merchants that accepted it, the momentum would have been halted before it began. With Chase Pay, which launched about four months ago, many Chase shoppers across the country struggle to find any physical store where it is accepted. Its “available now” merchant list is short. It claims Best Buy and Starbucks, but it appears to be only at select stores, and calls to stores in several states couldn’t find one where it was accepted. To be precise, I couldn’t find one where a store associate — the people at the POS — thought they could accept Chase Pay. And without associate training and awareness, few customers will be able to successfully use it. Chase Pay also theoretically will be accepted at LevelUp merchants, but only in three cities: Dallas, Denver and Boston. Chase spokesperson Maribel Ferrer added in an email that "other places we have announced and are in different stages are Atom Tickets, Parkmobile, HMS Host, Shell, Phillips 66, Walmart, ShopRite and The Fresh Grocer stores — supermarkets that are part of the Wakefern cooperative." In other words, none of those places accept Chase Pay yet. Chase Pay also says that it is accepted on various online sites. But the value-add in online is very different. The advantage for the customer is mostly found using the payment method in-store. Online payments today are fairly effortless, especially after the initial setup. And therein lies the problem. Shoppers who saw the MCX technology announcement and thought it meant that they could suddenly use Chase Pay in that rich list of retail chains that were once active with MCX will find themselves disappointed. Oddly, Chase Pay doesn't even embrace all Chase cards. Limiting itself to every card issued from just Chase would be restrictive, but doable. Given that only some Chase payment cards are payment options for Chase Pay further limits its viability. Don't forget that shoppers want something as close to "one payment method for all merchants" as possible. Having to use Walmart Pay in Walmart and Target Pay in Target is bad enough, but using Chase Pay only for some of its payment cards is frustrating. To be fair, none of these payment options is effective today. Apple Pay accepts far more cards and is accepted at a decent sliver of merchants, but can only be used with one brand of phone — iPhones, and only iPhones new enough to support NFC. Walmart Pay will work on a far larger number of phones from any handset maker, merely requiring the ability to host apps and have a decent camera to shoot the QR code. But it's restricted to just one merchant. In theory, Chase Pay could deliver the best of both worlds, offering itself for almost all phones and all merchants who accept Chase payment cards. But I'd argue that it launched far too soon, long before it could deliver either — including even supporting all of its own payment cards. The ability to be accepted at that wonderful list of MCX member retailers is intriguing, but only on paper. Chase Pay may have the best potential today, but it also has the worst immediate reality. Given that it was announced last year, that's remarkably far from good. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Retail IT Mobile & Wireless Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Benchmark Tool Sponsored BitSight Interactive Benchmark White Paper Connecting Financial Services' Hybrid IT Infrastructure Solution Center Sponsored Connect, Protect, and Manage Your Mobile Fleet Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Lake: Harnessing the Power of Unstructured Data White Paper Optimize Your Enterprise Data Warehouse with Hadoop Go Top Stories Wozniak on robots, design and Apple's origins More than 40 years after founding Apple Computer, Steve Wozniak has a lot to say about the early days... iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers threatening to wipe devices Hackers claiming to have hundreds of millions of iCloud credentials have threatened to wipe date from... Mingis on Tech: A dive into Windows 10 Creators Edition and the future of OSes Coming soon to a PC near you: Windows 10 Creators Edition. But what comes after that in the years ahead... Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Lucky us. Microsoft will no longer be supporting older Windows on newer processors. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
OUTLOOK 2017: How e-commerce, arts & entertainment, and health care are transforming the Lehigh Valley economy LV Business Cycle LV Outlook Small shops build markets online Outlook - Domaci in Bethlehem Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Nicole RadzievichContact ReporterOf The Morning Call How Lehigh Valley's small businesses are using ecommerce. The Domaci furnishings and gift shop in historic Bethlehem is a showroom of statement-piece furniture and home accents like vintage typewriters and glass bowls. But the small shop, which plays on the charm of yesteryear, was built on a relatively new business model: e-commerce. Owners Warren and Derrick Clark launched their dream business in 2015 on the internet as a virtual store, filling orders from inventory they kept in their garage and ordering the larger items on demand. They opened a "pop-up store" on Easton's Centre Square for three months as they combed the Valley for a location, debuting to much fanfare Mother's Day weekend last year at 523 Main St. in Bethlehem. Business, they say, is thriving. Visitors, lured to Bethlehem by Musikfest or Christmas diversions, have happened by their store and ordered things online after returning home. Where the jobs are in the Lehigh Valley Scott Kraus If you work in the Lehigh Valley, there's a better-than-even chance your job is in one of three dominant sectors of the local economy. More than half the region's jobs are now found in education and health services, leisure and hospitality or trade, transportation and utilities, the sector that... If you work in the Lehigh Valley, there's a better-than-even chance your job is in one of three dominant sectors of the local economy. More than half the region's jobs are now found in education and health services, leisure and hospitality or trade, transportation and utilities, the sector that... (Scott Kraus) "I think we would be here without e-commerce," said Derrick Clark, "but I don't think we would have grown as fast as we did without it." Domaci is just one of a growing number of small businesses in the Lehigh Valley that have turned to online shopping as the internet factors more and more into where consumers shop. Corporate giants like Wal-Mart and Amazon have defined and dominated that new market, racking up sales with deep discounts as they quickly ship the purchases from monster warehouses across the country — including Bethlehem's backyard. Small town shops have always separated themselves from the larger outfits by personal service and the experience of visiting the shop. But now those independent merchants are contending with changing habits and expectations of the consumers, who are comparing prices on the web and getting more comfortable buying online. There is an emerging generation that knows little about what life was like without a smartphone and can quickly find exactly what they're looking for with a few touches of the screen. The Pew Research Center says 77 percent of Americans own smartphones. Stitch Fix puts the personal in style Jon Harris If you drive on Hanoverville Road in Lower Nazareth Township and glance at the nearly 500,000-square-foot local home of online personal shopping service Stitch Fix, you would swear — judging from the unfilled parking lot out front — nobody works there. But around back, you'll find hundreds of vehicles,... If you drive on Hanoverville Road in Lower Nazareth Township and glance at the nearly 500,000-square-foot local home of online personal shopping service Stitch Fix, you would swear — judging from the unfilled parking lot out front — nobody works there. But around back, you'll find hundreds of vehicles,... (Jon Harris) "Smartphones are driving retail sales more than ever, and retailers have found that even modest investments in mobile initiatives can result in huge returns," Artemis Berry, vice president for digital retail at the National Retail Federation, said in a statement. While physical stores still account for a vast majority of sales, online sales are rising. The National Retail Federation estimated in February that online retail sales will grow this year between 8 and 12 percent, three times higher than what retail is doing industrywide. Forrester Research, a marketing research company, estimated in 2016 direct online sales totaled 11.6 percent of total U.S. retail sales, or about $394 billion, according to National Retail Federation. It's unclear how many of Northampton County's 23,390 and Lehigh County's 29,533 small businesses use e-commerce. But if they follow the national average, those using the technology account for the minority. A 2015 SurePayroll Small Business Scorecard showed just 26 percent of small businesses use their website to sell their products or services directly online. And two in five said they don't need additional help with their websites because the internet doesn't play a significant role in their business. Tomias Hinchcliff, owner of Genesis Bicycles in Easton, said if you're going to do internet sales, you have to be all in. He decided to ditch them after years of dabbling. He said he didn't have the resources to do quick shipping that online customers demand, and preferred to focus on the core of his business: customer experience. He said it's not unusual for him to spend three hours with a customer talking about the different features of a bicycle or gear. He still uses the site to keep in touch with the biking community. Genesis organizes community rides, provides pro tips, offers tools like calorie calculators and has an online catalog. Customers can build a "wish list" online and pick the item up in the store. And customers have done that, Hinchcliff said, one recently from as far away as Washington, D.C. Patty Gatter, who had a career in health care sales, said she knew e-commerce would heavily factor into her fledgling business, The Breastfeeding Shop, when the entrepreneurial bug bit her. She decided to sell breast pumps when Obamacare passed and promised insurance coverage for the devices. Her website allows women to examine top-rated pumps, download insurance forms and scroll through blogs dealing with traveling during the first trimester, or the dos or don'ts of thrift-store shopping. In effect, Gatter is extending the professional expertise and personal touch — the hallmarks of independent businesses that define small downtowns — on her website. She said the site factors in 90 percent of her sales of items shipped from five warehouses all over the country. Yet she runs the shop out of a small storefront, 344 Main St. in Emmaus, and is opening a second store nearby on South Fourth Street. The Women's Health Shop looks like a lingerie store but sells bras and other items aimed at women who have had mastectomies. Many of those items are covered by insurance. She's hoping the shops will raise her profile locally, perhaps adding more foot traffic to the web traffic that has built her business. nicole.mertz@mcall.com Twitter @McallBethlehem 610-778-2253 Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Musikfest E-commerce takes bite out of traditional retail Prepare: The robots are coming for your distribution job Public ready to take a stand in Lehigh Valley warehouse boom Breaking Popular Obits Top Workplaces Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 27°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Jet Integration Extension, by Cedcommerce, now live on Official Prestashop store. jet prestashop store product on jet.com March 18, 2017 – (Portland, Oregon) – The Jet Integration extension, by Cedcommerce, can now be downloaded from the Official Prestashop Store. This is an addition to its extension already available at Official store of different frameworks – Shopify, Bigcommerce, and 3dcart Store. The app facilitates multi-channel selling and enables online Prestashop user offer their products at Jet.com Marketplace. Specifications and Features: The extension enables willing Prestashop users integrate their shops directly with Jet.com and upload their products in bulk. Also, changes made in product information or inventory from their Prestashop is reflected at Jet.com On-The-Go Integration: Feed all the product assortment and data in one-go directly at Walmart.com Centralized Status Update machinery send dynamic alerts and compliance reports for the entire product fulfillment cycle Help in Uploading Products, expert training to make you familiar with navigation and operation. Expert advice and support for hassle-free operation, better product discoverability and higher sales. Pricing and Availability: Besides CedCommerce’s website, the Jet Integration app can, now, be purchased from the official Prestashop website (addons.prestashop.com/jet-integration ) and is priced at 214$/year. Also, the comes with 3-month Free Support. Started in 2010, the company has been involved in over 1000 ventures of customizing solutions to address all the unique needs. Fueled by its rich experience, the company has developed family highly popular Integrations connecting online sellers with marketplaces across the diverse platforms. And it is being app being used by 1000+ sellers across United Stated of America. The company offers all the products that make selling easier on e-commerce. 1812 N Columbia Blvd, Suite C15-653026, Portland, Oregon This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance, Companies, company, jet Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 35 MM & 50 MM F MOUNT LENSES – LINE SCAN CAMERA INDIA Next PostNext Cell Culture Media Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Police, March 20 From staff reports / Published: March 20, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Trespass charge for Tamaqua man A Tamaqua man entered a store he was banned from and now faces a count of defiant trespass, police say. Rush Township police filed the charge against James Bloss, 61, on the day of the incident, Feb. 23, and issued it via summons which he accepted Feb. 27. Arrest papers state Bloss was issued a trespass notice after his last arrest at Wal-Mart in Hometown and told not to re-enter the property. He admitted to knowing he wasn’t supposed to be back in the store when police apprehended him but said he went inside for a kid’s toy, according to court papers. Fire alarm leads to marijuana bust A fire alarm at a Nesquehoning apartment building led borough police to a stash of marijuana, court records say. Crystal L. Miller, 37, faces possession of marijuana, use or possession of drug paraphernalia and tampering with evidence after the Jan. 29 fire call at 6:49 p.m. Jessie Steigerwalt, 29, was charged with possession of marijuana and use or possession of drug paraphernalia. The charges were filed against both March 7 and issued via summons, which they both accepted March 10. Arrest papers state the alarm sounded at 1 W. Garibaldi Ave., an apartment building, and police arrived to find Steigerwalt standing in a doorway. Inside the apartment, police said, they smelled marijuana and saw young children in the unit with Miller. Both adults denied knowing why the apartment unit smelled like weed, arrest papers state, but upon searching the residence officers found a small bag of marijuana, a digital scale and a marijuana smoking pipe they say Miller was trying to put in a bag. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Woman charged with assaulting officer at Kearny Walmart AHarrell.jpg Aniyyah Harrell, 22, appears in court in Jersey City yesterday, March 17 2017, on charges she assaulted a police officer at Walmart in Kearny. (Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal) Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on March 20, 2017 at 8:21 AM comments A 22-year-old Pennsylvania woman has been charged with kicking a police officer arresting her following a disturbance at Walmart in Kearny on Thursday. Aniyyah Harrell is charged with aggravated assault on a police officer, resisting arrest and purposely causing or recklessly creating the risk of public inconvenience, annoyance or alarm, the criminal complaint says. Responding officers said they were flagged down by about 15 customers and employees who directed them to the grocery section vestibule where Harrell was assaulting someone, the criminal complaint says. "Harrell's behavior was out of control as she was kicking, pulling away from officer, screaming and cursing." When the officers managed to calm Harrell down, she allegedly provided a fake name, the complaint says. An officer helped Harrell make a few phone calls in an attempt to get a ride but she again became belligerent and violent and the officers placed her under arrest. While being handcuffed, Harrell allegedly kicked an officer in the knee twice, the complaint says. Harrell made her first appearance on the charges Friday in Criminal Justice Reform Court in Jersey City via video link from Hudson County jail in Kearny. She was released pending trial with conditions of supervision. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. N.J. tops many states on healthcare scorecard Map shows N.J. poor, elderly to be hardest hit under GOP healthcare plan Everything you need to know about N.J.'s medical marijuana program MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Century Considers 59% Water And Sewer Rate Increase, 36% Garbage Rate Hike Gulf Power Reaches Rate Increase Settlement Bratt Brush Fire Quickly Extinguished Camp Fire Kids Celebrate Incredible Kids Day; Camp Fire Birthday Northview Tribal Beat Band Names New Drum Major, Assistant Senate Moves Forward With State College Changes Missing Escambia County Senior Located Century Holds Community Cleanup Day Two Injured In Wreck North Of Flomaton Jay Man Airlifted After Saturday Crash Regulators Ready To Grapple With Gulf Power Rate Increase Request March 20, 2017 State regulators are poised to hear arguments about a request from Gulf Power to raise base electric rates for hundreds of thousands of customers in Northwest Florida, amid opposition from consumer, business and environmental groups. The Florida Public Service Commission is scheduled Monday to begin a multi-day hearing on Gulf Power’s request for a $106.8 million base-rate increase. Pensacola-based Gulf provides electricity to about 450,000 customers in eight counties and is one of four major investor-owned utilities in the state. In a document filed last month in advance of the hearing, Gulf said the increase is needed “both to continue to provide reasonable and adequate service to its customers and simultaneously to recover the costs of providing that service including a reasonable and adequate rate of return on invested capital.” “If Gulf is rendered unable to meet its obligations to the customers and shareholders due to inadequate rates, both stakeholder groups will suffer,” the document said. “The customers will suffer from less reliable service and eventually higher costs of electricity than would otherwise be the case, while the shareholders will suffer from an inadequate and confiscatory return on investment and will seek other places to invest their money.” But the proposed increase has drawn objections from the state Office of Public Counsel, which represents consumers in utility cases, and other parties ranging from Walmart to the Sierra Club. The Office of Public Counsel and other opponents have argued, in part, that Gulf Power’s base rates should decrease by about $2 million — not increase. “The ultimate issue to be addressed by the (Public Service Commission) in this proceeding is whether Gulf Power Company needs any additional revenues in order to provide safe, adequate, reliable service, to recover its legitimate costs of providing such service, and to have an opportunity to earn a fair and reasonable return on its legitimate investment in assets used and useful in serving Gulf’s retail customers,” Walmart said in a filing last month. “The evidence offered by intervenor parties … shows that, in total, the answer to this question is that Gulf can indeed fulfill its duty to provide safe, adequate, reliable service with no rate increase at all and probably with a modest overall rate reduction of approximately $2 million per year.” Public Service Commission hearings in base-rate cases are highly technical and include detailed information about utility finances and operations. Gulf Power’s current base rates stem from a settlement of a 2013 rate case. A key issue in many rate cases — and likely in the upcoming Gulf hearing — is setting a “return on equity,” a measure of profitability. In its proposal, Gulf Power is seeking an 11 percent return on equity, while the Office of Public Counsel argues the rate should be 8.875 percent. Another issue in the case involves whether costs related to a Georgia power plant, known as Plant Scherer, should be included in the base rates. Gulf and other utilities have owned stakes in the plant. In the past, Gulf Power sold electricity generated at the plant on the wholesale market but now uses power from the plant for its retail customers. “Gulf is requesting that the (Public Service) Commission now include in retail rates the portion of (the plant) that is no longer committed under long-term off-system wholesale contracts,” Gulf said in the document filed last month. “This action is necessary to honor the regulatory compact that contemplates that Gulf is entitled to the opportunity to earn a fair return on prudent investments that are used and useful in the public service.” But the other parties in the case are fighting the proposal to include the costs in base rates. The Office of Public Counsel, for instance, argued that “Gulf is asking the commission to let it put a 30-year-old coal plant in retail rate base after its shareholders had wrung out all of the profit from it in the wholesale market place since it was acquired but never needed for retail rates.” by Jim Saunders, The News Service of Florida Comments 13 Responses to “Regulators Ready To Grapple With Gulf Power Rate Increase Request” Retired on March 20th, 2017 11:56 pm They asked for X amount, knew they would have a backlash, settled for X/2 knowing that’s all they would get, a story comes out that the consumers win because it is less. Now they have an increase and they tell the consumers they won. I grew in European open market barter system, they always ask for twice what they want to sell it to you for. Saw it coming. "WELL" on March 20th, 2017 8:13 pm What’s the saying ” stick it to the man” I’m not sure but, it clearly says without saying “hey screw the customer ” we have company pickup trucks we have to pay for that sit under trees, we have to pay for guys to go to the shop and get a truck an equipment instead of when they’re called out at the time of the call leaving from home which just about any “on call” company does but gulf power, oooh lets not for get the investors and corporate guys wanting to go golfing so forth and so on, the government sticks it to the man enough. Any corporation for that fact but who has to stay and live below grade because everyone and their stinking mother is MONEY HUNGRY and can’t leave things the way they’ve been or lower the rates to see how much more customers would do/ use if they could afford it. I’m done, this country, corporations, all of y’all SUCK and don’t give two gosh darn hoots about anyone not in your “click” upper class, whatever you want to call it mike on March 20th, 2017 4:26 pm Have not used my AC in going on 2 years, still went from around $165 to $228 a month, what I would call a whopping increase. Now they want more. This is just (unprintable). anne 1of2 on March 20th, 2017 11:56 am We all have a dog in this fight and mine is gnawing at his chain right now. Let’s try a no lights night to show Gulf Power just how strong 450,000 of us can be. Those investors aren’t going anywhere, they already know how bad the little people are being ripped off or they wouldn’t be invested with GP. So, when is the meeting about starting a second power company? I’ll invest in that, I promise. Grace on March 20th, 2017 11:35 am So all you Gulf Power whiners, here is my advice to you and myself, EREC is a monopoly, no other choice. As with ALL utilities. I do appreciate turning on a switch and having electrity and sometimes it is up to me how much that bill will be each month. Do you complain about that smart phone for each family member plus all the other electronic bills ( cable, direct TV, game stations, etc each month? Perhaps we all could cut back on expenses if we really wanted to instead of playing the blame game. Have a great day and God Bless ! Grace on March 20th, 2017 11:25 am My electricity and water is provided thru Escambia River Electric Co-op. In the past I was home most of the time and could understand the HIGH bills. Due to a family member illness, I am home less than 50% of the time. Same HIGH electric and water bill with 50% less usage. We have to pay for Digital Remote read meters but still have water meter readers to come out and read those each month. Two weeks ago the Digital meters were replaced because they were not working properly. Helping hands on March 20th, 2017 10:16 am If they need more money then stop sending your crews to other areas to help in emergency assistance. I’m all about helping those in need but if your company isn’t doing well financially then maybe it’s time to think of other ways to help those in need instead of expecting others to pay for your humanitarian adventures. I donate all year to the United Way. Keyword is “I” donate. Don’t take recognition for a job well done then ask customers to pay for your kind deed. It feels like you should leave the money in an envelope on the dresser on your way out the door Shay on March 20th, 2017 10:07 am I guess I’m uneducated about this because I can’t figure out for the life of me why I should pay more so “shareholders” see a profit. Aren’t making money? Sell your shares and invest in a more profitable company. I guess I just don’t get it. David on March 20th, 2017 9:26 am Stockholders….let them pay for the increase because its about the money in the very beginning. The Gulf Power ” if you dont” tactic is like extortion and a threat. Gulf Power is a good provider…I want the people working there to be safe on their jobs. But dont paint a gloom and doom to all of us under a guise of you not being able to function as a business as no other business constantly asks for these types of constant increases. Again…the company trying to appease the stockholders…they never get enough.. James on March 20th, 2017 9:19 am GP air public service commercials telling us how to save on kilowatts by having timers, improving insulation and such. Then they turn around and want to jack up the price on the base meter fee. Sounds like a win win situation for them. We use less electricity and they and they still charge us more. BB on March 20th, 2017 8:54 am Gulf Power are becoming a bunch of crooks! Don’t tell me it is the cost of doing business either. Southern Company needs some competition to prevent monopolizing. Maybe we all need to invest in solar power. tg on March 20th, 2017 5:55 am Reminds me of that song Here We Go Again. marc cayson on March 20th, 2017 5:50 am In walnut hill our power bill way usually close to $200 a month. Moved to north Dakota and its usually around $50 a month even in the winter. Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under Archive    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 3/23/17 - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, Jevic - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren Worried - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Alice in Gender-Gap Land - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/22/2017 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Taking on Trump’s Agenda: Nine Tough Questions for SEC Chair Nominee Jay Clayton on the Eve of His Confirmation Hearings - 03/22/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 3/22/17 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Even Before Brexit Triggered, EU Again Signals It Is Not Budging on “Shape of the Table” Issue - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients? - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Will Amazon Destroy More US Jobs Than China? Posted on March 20, 2017 by Yves Smith A MarketWatch article last week by Rex Nutting posited that Amazon could destroy as many as 2 million jobs, which are as many as one study said were lost to China. While the China estimate strikes me as low, Nutting’s math on Amazon appears reasonable. Basically, more and more people have become habituated to online shopping, even for categories like apparel. I have to confess I’ve done a fair bit of the little clothes shopping I’ve done in the last couple of years on line. On the one hand, I hate dealing with stores because finding anything is so hit or miss, but at least when you find something that looks good in the mirror, it’s usually a keeper. On the other hand, with online shopping, you can find targets more efficiently, but the “hit or miss” element shifts to fit, color, and quality of fabric/tailoring. And if you don’t have time or patience for returns, you wind up with stuff in your closet that eventually goes to a charity. Here is the guts of Nutting’s argument: But for retail workers, Amazon is a grave threat. Just ask the 10,100 workers who are losing their jobs at Macy’s. M, +0.43% Or the 4,000 at The Limited. Or the thousands of workers at Sears SHLD, +1.00% and Kmart, which just announced 150 stores will be closing. Or the 125,000 retail workers who’ve been laid off over the past two years. Since 2012, department store jobs have shrunk by 250,000, 14% of that sector’s total employment. Retailers now employ 16.5 million, and Nutting backs out categories like gas stations that aren’t subject to competition from Amazon. Bear in mind that Amazon is trying to move into groceries, but Nutting deems those jobs to be safe for now. He deems the 12 million workers to be at risk, particularly the ones in stores classified as GAFO, for general merchandise (think everything from sporting goods to hardware and electronics), apparel and accessories, furniture and other sales. GAFO merchants are still mainly brick and mortar operators, and rely heavily on malls, which is where Amazon is doing the most damage. Mall anchors like Macy’s have been particularly hard hit by competition from Amazon, and once a mall loses an anchor for good, it’s on its way to a death spiral. Nutting again: There’s not much retailers like Macy’s, The Gap, Best Buy, and Barnes & Noble, can do about it. Their business will be much, much smaller. And now that Amazon is getting serious about groceries, even Wal-Mart is threatened. Although retailers have been laying off workers, they probably aren’t laying off enough, considering how quickly their sales are eroding. While sales fell 0.6% in 2016, employment at the GAFO stores increased by 1.6%, or about 95,000. You don’t make money by hiring more people to sell less. So what’s the big deal? Won’t the people who once worked at Macy’s just work at Amazon instead? Well, no. Amazon needs about half as many workers to sell $100 worth of merchandise as Macy’s does… What’s most troubling to brick-and-mortar retailers and their workers is that Amazon’s sales growth is accelerating (19% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 28% in 2016), and shows no sign of plateauing. Amazon isn’t just taking sales from brick-and-mortar stores; it’s also taking market share from traditional retailers’ online stores…. Could Amazon actually kill more American jobs than China did? It’s quite likely. Economists David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson have estimated China’s manufacturing exports to the U.S. may have cost as many as 2 million jobs. If Amazon can capture 40% of the GAFO market within five years (as seems likely), about 1.5 million jobs at brick-and-mortar stores could be lost. Add in the jobs Amazon will kill at grocery stores, drugstores, warehouses and delivery services, and the total would be well over 2 million. And unlike the manufacturing jobs lost to China, which were clustered in a comparatively few counties, those retail jobs are located in every city, town and hamlet in America. It’s a remarkable admission of elite blindness for Nutting to depict manufacturing losses as “concentrated in a comparatively few counties.” Has he ever looked at a map of Rust Belt states? And let us not forget that Obama himself touted Amazon as generating “middle class” jobs, when its warehouse jobs are both physically exhausting yet poorly paid. As we wrote in 2013: Obama needed a visual to show that, no, really, truly, jobs really are being created somewhere in America for yet another one of his exercises in trying to pretend that he’s on the side of ordinary Americans. But it’s hard finding any really good success stories in an economy with 12.2 million counted as unemployed and over 28 million as “disemployed” which is the number of people out of work relative to normal labor force participation rates when the economy is in good shape. So Obama chose as his backdrop an American success story, Amazon, which is opening a new a warehouse in Chattanooga and hiring 7,000 people…. If you had any doubts that that vision of middle class life was on its way to extinction, the Obama speech made it official. Amazon has been repeatedly cited here and abroad for abusive conditions in its warehouses…. So notice, first, that those 7,000 jobs aren’t in Chattanooga, but all over the US. Second, Amazon’s cash comp is markedly below local averages. And although it offers a “benefits package,” it’s not clear that it’s better than what other area employers offer. The article doesn’t add that some of these 7,000 jobs are part time and/or seasonal. A quick look at a Chattanooga job site shows the hourly for a comparable job at $9 an hour for someone with a minimum of six months recent experience. That’s just above the living wage for a single person in that city of $8.92…. The message from Obama is clear: Americans are now expected to celebrate when companies are willing to pay at or not much above a living wage. As long as you pay enough that the workers don’t wind up having to seek public assistance in the form of food stamps or emergency rooms for medical care, you’ll now be promoted as creating better conditions for Americans. That’s true as long as you remember that the Americans that benefit from this grinding down of ordinary citizens are Obama’s backers and other members of the elite. Sadly, the Nutting article indicates that the Amazon-induced hollowing out of America could still have a long way to go. 120042 This entry was posted in Doomsday scenarios, Economic fundamentals, Free markets and their discontents, Income disparity, Technology and innovation, The destruction of the middle class on March 20, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Uber President Resigns Unexpectedly, Citing Problems With “Beliefs and Approach to Management” Oil And Gas States Forced To Cut Education Spending → Subscribe to Post Comments 83 comments UserFriendly March 20, 2017 at 2:49 am Neofeudalism full steam ahead! Reply ↓ Tim March 20, 2017 at 6:52 pm Yep Feudalism 2.0 progresses. The workers get nothing and like it and the (Amazon) equity owners take the productivity improvements in share price and dividends and run with it, and will only cash out for a better rent extraction or productivity based profit opportunity down the road. Reply ↓ HotFlash March 20, 2017 at 7:00 pm Tim, we workers don’t like it. Reply ↓ Brian M March 21, 2017 at 2:40 pm I think most workers HAVE bought into the Late Stage Capitalism mythologies. (See Coal Country-bring back the GLORY DAYS of mine fires and black lung disease! Vote Trump!) Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:18 pm Surely you know that’s not what the miners are saying? I know it’s fashionable in some quarters to frame workers as stupid, but really! Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 20, 2017 at 3:32 am For the last decade or so, I’ve thought of Amazon as the WalMart of online shopping. It hadn’t occurred to me that they might be the WalMart. Every year or two, I find a new reason not to do business with Amazon. Guess I just learned my reason for 2017. Reply ↓ Another Anon March 20, 2017 at 4:34 am I have been wondering whether in the long term, things like 3-D printing will affect even companies like Amazon in that if one could make an item in ones home, why order it as one could immediatly see, smell or wear the item. True, while 3-D printers that an individual can buy are not very versatile, I have seen videos of clothes made by 3-D printers and I wonder if such machines will ever be affordable. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 20, 2017 at 6:21 am There is a limit to 3D printing; namely the ‘ink’. Most use thermoplastic, which is fine for things that can be made with plastic. The handful of other things that can be 3D printed need a whole different kind of printer, not just a different ‘ink’ cartridge. Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 20, 2017 at 2:08 pm Yes, that’s a clear limitation to the current technology. Another is that you still have to order the “ink” from somewhere. What happens when everyone’s out of blue ABS plastic #2 ? Reply ↓ visitor March 20, 2017 at 7:05 am There are industrial (-grade, -size and -price) 3D printers that can produce objects in a variety of materials, including metallic ones. There are still plenty of restrictions on the kinds of “ink” that can be used reliably though, and the costs are astronomical for large series — for which traditional manufacturing techniques are much more economical and flexible regarding materials. Reply ↓ tegnost March 20, 2017 at 1:07 pm yes, I’m picturing the stockpile of raw materials one would need to construct quality items and thinking it won’t work, but there is a remote chance it could work in a community/co-op situation, I’ve heard that someone involved with the lopez island dump wants the community to buy one so there is less shipping waste (styrofoam, peanuts, etc…) Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob March 20, 2017 at 2:28 pm 3-D printers should at some point become extremely cheap providing the materials necessary to construct the 3-D printer itself aren’t prohibitively expensive. Just program the printer to make a copy of itself and there you have it – Amazon is toast. Unless of course Amazon becomes the sole supplier of the ‘ink’…. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money March 20, 2017 at 5:08 am Middle class jobs in warehouses; what do the working class do? Has anyone asked the one percent how they stratify themselves nowadays? I imagine that it is old money knickerbockers at the top with graduations down to pushy-trashy-grabbers at the bottom. As I understand it, Downtom Abbey was a big hit stateside. Was this something to do with the one percent becoming more prominent after 2008? For us Brits, Downton depicts a version of a pond we all used to swim in. The pond water has changed somewhat since then, but the old stratifications were fairly rigid. For that reason we measure ourselves against the good old – bad old days, and of course, money and the ‘right’ education still count for a lot. Us Brits don’t like talking about our money, but will talk endlessly about class. From the British point of view, Americans are more than happy to talk money, but seem to be very reluctant to talk about class. I realise that these are broad generalisations. What are the current trends? Would anyone agree that those who deny the existence of the class-war are those who have already won it? Nothing to see here; just a police-action. Reply ↓ Carolinian March 20, 2017 at 9:16 am Downton was a big hit on our PBS, but while PBS has some squillionaire angels the audience likely tends to be upper middle class for their popular Brit tentpoles. These viewers probably saw Downton as a how to guide for gracious living as much as an entertainment since drama-wise the show was impossibly dull. That said, the much better Poldark import was decidedly class war-ish as was Indian Summers. I’m not sure you can use these pop entertainments as some sort of barometer for elite sentiments. Also here our public television depends heavily on pledge drives and contributions and the programming reflects this need for a well heeled audience. As for Brits talking endlessly about class–interesting. What do they say? Reply ↓ Lee March 20, 2017 at 11:38 am I would add Call the Midwife to the list of PBS British programs that deals with working class issues, with particular focus on the positive effect of the UK universal healthcare system in its early years. Reply ↓ gardener1 March 20, 2017 at 6:41 pm “These viewers probably saw Downton as a how to guide for gracious living as much as an entertainment since drama-wise the show was impossibly dull.” Oh yes, I think I managed to make it through one episode and never again. The real deal was Upstairs Downstairs, it was everything that Downtown is not. Reply ↓ marcos March 20, 2017 at 10:26 pm Downton played as it did because so many Americans see themselves as temporarily embarrassed millionaires. Reply ↓ P Fitzsimon March 20, 2017 at 10:46 am In America talking about class, religion or politics in polite society is viewed as unacceptable behavior. I come from a working class background, my wife more middle to upper-middle class. She advises me to avoid these subjects when in contact with her relatives. Money on the other hand … Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 20, 2017 at 5:15 am Voters in Pennsylvania’s Luzerne County, which flipped to Trump, turned thumbs down on warehouse jobs. They’re crapified. So it only took four years for the reality of Obama’s con that warehouse jobs are “good jobs at good wages” to bubble up into press reports. I would imagine working people, er, worked it out the con much more quickly than the political class did. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 10:19 am If there is anything that demonstrates the weakness of organized labor in the U.S., it is the lack of all out effort to organize Amazon warehouses. Virtually all of them are brand new and built with significant public financial support for which job promises have been made, so the relocation threat should be basically non-existent. Yet as far as I can tell, there is no real organizing taking place. Manufacturing jobs were sh1t jobs in the 1930s (and many are again sh1t jobs now) before the unions made them better. Amazon ought to be the #1 organizing target in the U.S. right now. Reply ↓ neo-realist March 20, 2017 at 4:45 pm From what I’ve read about it, I suspect the micromanaging nature of the Amazon workplace makes it very difficult to organize. Any small stray from the company policies by an employee can cause one to be written up and fired shortly after if more rabble rousing “occurrences” happen. Probably enough desperate unemployed/underemployed wastrels who will take what they can get from the company in the cities where the warehouses are that allow for easy replacement. Akin to working in a police state environment. Reply ↓ thoughtful person March 20, 2017 at 11:45 pm Per previous articles on NC re: amazon warehouse working conditions, it is amazon policy to ‘retire’ most workers after about a year. In addition to not paying benefits, this practice no doubt puts, a damper on organizing. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:22 pm When I read these two wonderful posts by Outis on Amazon (here and here) the idea struck me that Jeff Bezos’s true innovation was creating a workplace that would be impossible to organize. It seems that the workers are completely isolated from each other. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 5:15 am Its gotta be remembered of course that malls cost a lot of retailing jobs as well. Big box and out of town stores have significantly fewer employees per $ of sales than traditional town and city centre shops. So my sympathy for those companies is somewhat limited. I do wonder though why Amazon isn’t cheaper and more profitable if it has so few employees per item sold. Is it that the delivery process itself is so expensive? If so, it may be a case of displaying costs from wages to capital (or even just to fuel costs, if its all in complex delivery movements). Although this may be balanced out by people needing to travel less to shop. But I think it does suggest that the commercial advantages are limited. I’m inclined to think there is a natural level for online shopping. A friend of mine who had a baby alone last year became obsessed with ordering everything on Amazon as she hated to leave her home. It was understandable at the time, but I’ve noticed that now the baby is a bit more mobile she is doing more ‘conventional’ shopping. Amazon was useful, but it meant I had to make weekly trips to her apartment to help her put together all the stuff she ordered, and doing returns was a major hassle. there are lots of things that are simply better to see and touch before you buy (not least clothes), and shops are generally better at providing support and help for things like buggies or bike trailers (I persuaded her not to buy the latter online as I knew I’d end up being the mechanic for free). Reply ↓ Foppe March 20, 2017 at 5:58 am Commercial advantages always come 2nd to perceived political advantages (e.g., that drivers are less likely to organize, because they have much less time to interact with colleagues, than store personnel is/was). Also, they’re less likely to get in your way / get close to you. Reply ↓ amousie March 20, 2017 at 8:56 am I do wonder though why Amazon isn’t cheaper and more profitable if it has so few employees per item sold. Profitable: Have you ever stopped to consider exactly all of the industries Amazon is involved in? They are far beyond retail and getting more vertically integrated every day. Their vision was always far-ranging. In many ways, their investors floated them for the last 2 decades to disrupt the industries they are in as well as local governments. e.g., Book sales, distribution and publishing. Movie / tv development, streaming and distribution. Server farms and database development internal and sold to 3rd parties. 3rd party sales on new and used items via their marketplace. Social media: Good Reads, etc. Device development like the Kindle and Fire. Robotic development for their warehouses. Shipping: their own delivery fleet, eventually drones, potentially tankers or at least their own logistics fleet which would probably be open to 3rd parties like most of their other offerings. Financial services. etc., etc., etc. As far as cheaper is concerned, many items listed for sale on Amazon are not sold (some aren’t shipped) by Amazon. In fact, I’d say you really have to pay attention to individual listings instead of simply clicking buy now. It sounds like Walmart has gotten more serious about competing with them. Free 2-day shipping on orders or $35 or more. No annual membership required. Considering that Walmart is much cheaper on single item grocery items and well other things, they could give Amazon some competition if they can break into Amazon’s online brand loyalty, especially if they decide to go into the entertainment venue. Wouldn’t it be interesting if they did something like buying Netflix and creating their own annual membership fees. Another wedge would be ordering online for Walmart and picking up your order same day at the store. Plus the local returns. Interesting times. I suspect Target will be next. Of course, there will be a lot more cardboard recycling required and someone has to be around to accept the deliveries. Think also about the current Walmart workforce, distribution centers and product lines. How can Walmart both leverage and streamline it if they break into Amazon’s online market. Once you start thinking about all the industries these giants touch, you realize that the job disruption could be much deeper (and more seemingly indirect) the more successful they get. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 9:37 am Yes – this is why I think the threat of Amazon is less on the obvious – online delivery – and more on its overall strategy, which seems to be all about carving out monopolies. Online delivery isn’t really all that new or original. There have been catalogue retailers for decades, many very successful. Ordering from a catalogue is just a little less convenient that ordering online. And there have been many varients. I was reading a while back a history of a prosperous suburb in south Dublin, and like many at the time, the retailers in the Main Street had set up an instant order delivery service, serving a wide area and all the retailers, with deliveries 3-4 times a day. Essentially, you could call any shop, order groceries, flowers, hardware, etc., and they’d arrange for it all to be collected from the individual shops and delivered to your door within an hour or two of your call. This was very successful for years. I’m not sure exactly why it eventually failed, but I think it was mostly the arrival of mass car ownership and supermarkets – i.e. it was bigger retailers destroyed the notion of regular home deliveries – in effect, its been a circular change, nothing new. Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:06 pm It’s also a payment service, buying things through Amazon is about as secure as buying anything on the net can possibly be (from simple criminals stealing credit cards that is, I’m not worrying about the NSA here, but theft). I’ve had my credit card hacked several times buying directly from retailers. But PayPal? Well PayPal is really not user friendly and it sucks, so PayPal’s act is most certainly not together. If there was a better alternative to the suck that is PayPal in wide use then more people would buy direct from the company. It’s true the credit card company will generally eat the loss on theft if using a credit card, but who wants to go through that? Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 1:44 pm I should have said above that the system I was reading about lasted I think from the 1920’s to the 1950’s, and there would have been numerous similar systems. Of course, payment would have been on tabs, paid up in cash at the end of the month. A much more secure method than credit cards. Reply ↓ jackiebass March 20, 2017 at 5:57 am I don’t know much about business but I’ve made an interesting observation. There is always a top dog and several pups that want to be the top dog. Today we have Walmart as the top dog with Amazon trying to take over. My observation is that no business is the top dog forever. Eventually their place at the top gets eroded by the competition and or poor management. Think of Sears. Once they were at the top of the heap and now it’s predicted they will go out of business. This seems to happen with all retail businesses. They exist either at the top or as one of the pups for a time then they disappear. If you made a list of once profitable businesses that no longer exists it would be a long lis. Reply ↓ Doug March 20, 2017 at 6:07 am And Tennessee gave Amazon corporate subsidies (corporate welfare) as part of the deal: http://www.nashvillescene.com/news/article/13038454/the-messy-truth-behind-amazons-tennessee-tax-tradeoff For which, Amazon was so grateful the company turned around and threatened to leave if Tennessee adjusted sales tax revenues See Race to Bottom: http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/03/race-bottom-cities-states-spend-45-billion-per-year-competing-jobs.html Reply ↓ nycTerrierist March 20, 2017 at 10:38 am If one looks at the broader picture, it’s as if government pays companies to gut wages. #RaceToTheBottom Reply ↓ james wordsworth March 20, 2017 at 6:50 am Lots of courier jobs! and eventually a drop in miles driven/gas sales. The other interesting one is the junk you can buy from China on Ebay etc. I can buy items for 99 cents with free shipping! In what universe is that a remotely viable strategy? (and yes the items do get here and if they don’t I get a refund). Still scratching my head on these ones. Reply ↓ cnchal March 20, 2017 at 8:14 am Freeee schipppping. You know how USPS does that? It is subsidized by customers that ship packages long distance, where the price increases are double digit percentage points. Something that does not affect Amazon with their government subsidized warehouses plopped where the subsidy is greatest, so I suspect the negotiation between Amazon and USPS goes similar to this. Amazon: raise prices on long distance shippers to lower ours, unless it’s really long distance and coming from China. USPS: We are happy to slaughter businesses for you. Reply ↓ Jim A March 20, 2017 at 9:31 am Yes, Amazon may only employ half as many people to sell $100 but there should at least a few relatively stable union jobs added with delivery companies. In the long term…Has Amazon broken even yet? We simply just don’t know how competitive it REALLY is with brick and mortar stores because every sale is subsidized by investors. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 10:23 am While that might have been true in the early years, I believe Amazon is funding virtually all of its more recent growth with internally generated cash flow. Reply ↓ tegnost March 20, 2017 at 12:53 pm yeah, hide the profit, feed the metastasis…. Reply ↓ oaf March 20, 2017 at 7:15 am Define *job*,,,There are other ways to be poor that don’t hurt so bad. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre March 20, 2017 at 7:20 am If already not stated the above of course also applies to Europe. Reply ↓ der March 20, 2017 at 8:21 am Amazon warehouse jobs ($13 hr max) were never meant to be more than temporary (2 years avg.) as a job with a “future” would be expected to offer benefits. As to Eddie Lampert’s Sears his Randian mid-level executive department competition plan is the primary reason the company is hemorrhaging money. Both companies are poor representatives of any place to look for a job with a future. And on the east coast Baltimore is a boarded and abandoned shell of its once thriving manufacturing working class base, Uber, Lyft and casino gambling are its greatness now. Reply ↓ human March 20, 2017 at 1:26 pm Add Bridgeport, CT to your list. The recent arrival of a Bass Pro Shop, and its’ attendant 300 retail jobs, was the best news in decades. Reply ↓ a different chris March 20, 2017 at 9:16 am Well Amazon is the most horrible of horrible — but OTOH, kids are being priced out of automobile ownership and my observation is that if you make it to your late 20s w/out a car you (wisely) aren’t so sure you want one. But this is just an observation since I’m not only a Baby Boomer but also a gearhead… So the idea of shopping that requires a car seems like it is maybe on its last, um, legs. Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:15 pm The true suburban idea, driving everywhere to buy anything, was somewhat only made possible by unpaid female labor anyway (doing all that driving around to shop). Before that there were a lot of delivery services, so that idea is not new. Reply ↓ oho March 20, 2017 at 9:26 am >>Mall anchors like Macy’s have been particularly hard hit by competition from Amazon, Do the stats support this statement? electronics and home goods I absolutely see losing to Amazon but apparel too? comparing online sales to ‘mall-type store’ sales isn’t apples to apples. I thought Macy’s was more a symptom of declining real income for the ol’ suburban middle class. And people spending less on clothes and deciding to buy clothes from Wal-Mart/Target instead of Macy’s/JCP. Reply ↓ Katharine March 20, 2017 at 12:21 pm I’m not sure why focusing on mall anchors matters. Historically, they only became commonplace about forty years ago, maybe a bit more. Before that, roughly speaking, there were downtown department stores, neighborhood or small-town clothing shops and shoe stores, and the Sears catalog (and a few others) for people too far from those resources. If the major chains wipe out, it is only after having themselves destroyed more local and independent stores, and there is some temptation to say bad cess to them. What surely does matter is what happens to jobs and to people’s ability to find the things they need, as distinct from those someone wants them to buy, but those problems have been growing for a long time. As far as I can see, Amazon is part of a long ugly trend rather than a novel villain. As the latest part, it’s currently the ugliest, but God knows things could still get worse. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 20, 2017 at 2:23 pm Huh? Town centers were displaced as the main nexus of shopping by malls. To say, “Oh it was different 40 years ago” is like using the world pre-personal-computers as a benchmark for today. Macy’s is an important guide because until it was displaced by Amazon last year, it was the largest apparel retailer in the US. You can see that its store closures are almost without exception in malls: https://www.thebalance.com/macys-store-closings-2892434 I didn’t find any stats in 5 mins on Google, but I am pretty sure that for bricks and mortar apparel stores, that malls were a higher % of total sales than “high street” locations. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 2:47 pm Yes, but what I think Katherine is implying is that there are large downsides to malls and that the death of them, if you could rebuild brick-and-mortar retail in a more social way, would not be a bad thing. I hate Amazon but I will never be a mall shopper. It can’t be that those are the only two options going forward. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:27 pm > if you could rebuild brick-and-mortar retail in a more social way, would not be a bad thing It would be great, but if it needs to be done with local tax revenue, how does that get bootstrapped, with the mill gone, and the mall gone? Reply ↓ jerry March 20, 2017 at 10:15 am “What’s most troubling to brick-and-mortar retailers and their workers is that Amazon’s sales growth is accelerating (19% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 28% in 2016), and shows no sign of plateauing.” Wow, those are big time sales growth numbers.. the technological displacement is going to happen either way, we might as well just get this thing over with and face the music. Either the government is ok with millions of people living in cardboard boxes, or we will finally get some kind of BIG/JG when demand goes down the tubes. Reply ↓ washunate March 20, 2017 at 10:39 am I find it intriguing that a lot of economists and commentators don’t take the opportunity to talk about jobs in the macro context of what is going on. Could Amazon actually kill more American jobs than China did? This whole setup is a poor construction that doesn’t add to our understanding of either the production or distribution of resources. Neither companies nor countries (nor robots, for that matter) kill jobs. They create (or destroy) leisure time, time that we have as human beings to do things other than work to produce the basic needs of keeping our species going. How we distribute leisure time is what determines the quantity of jobs, since number of jobs is a dynamic ratio, not a constant (to simplify, total jobs = total # of hours worked divided by avg # hours per job). If productivity increase decreases aggregate hours required from 40,000 to 20,000, that doesn’t necessarily reduce the number of jobs from 1,000 to 500. It could reduce the work week from 40 hours to 20 hours instead. That’s a policy choice, not something decided by economic laws or corporate competition. It’s particularly ironic in the context of retailers. The economic activity of shopping is heavily dependent upon people having large amounts of time not at work. Macy’s was a quintessential example of this. Their model of the department store was for an adult to spend all day there. Get your hair done. Eat lunch with friends. Browse the merchandise. This can only occur if you have free time and disposable income, and is only fun if you also have friends with free time and disposable income. Just some food for thought from 30,000 feet. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 11:53 am Aye. That’s an interesting observation. Especially when you note that the workforce is becoming stratified into two distinct populations: Full-time workers who get good wages and benefits, but have less free time than ever before due to the increasingly “Internet-tethered” nature of work, and part-time workers who have more free time but get lousy wages and benefits and can barely make ends meet. Friends with both free time and surplus disposable income are becoming increasingly rare. [That’s certainly the situation in my own social circles. They’ll have one or the other, but not both. Only retirees with good pensions get the best of both worlds, and we all know what’s happening to pensions…] Perhaps it’s time for a 32-hour work-week? Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:24 pm the lack of time is probably part of why they internet shop yes. It’s hard to say if they shop less or more though, I’m going with less because of no time, but working so much also forces compensatory behaviors (shop therapy sometimes but also buying stuff rather than any more time consuming way of solving whatever problem one would solve by buying something – say maybe by fixing something one already has etc.). Life is lived more sensibly overall with time to breath. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 2:00 pm Lack of time is definitely why I typically Internet shop. I barely have time to haul myself to even one store to look for something. And if I strike out and have to seek out a second store or (shudder) even a third… There goes my down time and then some. [Amazon does provide me with a true service in that regard: They save me time. Something I greatly value these days.] I’d quite cheerfully hand back 20% of my paycheck in exchange for a 32-hour work-week. But given that the per-employee overhead expenses (i.e., healthcare and other benefits) wouldn’t go down along with it, I don’t see the corporate world going for this unless legally required to do so. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:30 pm For me, too. I have no car, and it takes two hours for the bus to get me to the mall, and two hours to get back (and the last bus back leaves downtown, unbelievably, at 5:15PM, so I can’t even eat dinner downtown!). If I’m going to have a day trip to the Bangor Mall, heck, why not just go to Boston? More expensive and time-consuming, for sure, but orders of magnitude more fun… Reply ↓ Susan the other March 20, 2017 at 12:09 pm I would like to know how many jobs total were offshored from the 80s on. To read here that China only displaced 2 million US jobs (manufacturing) – it is a mind-boggling pittance. The effect is greater. Because those jobs slowed retail which in turn finally couldn’t compete with Amazon buying cheap imports (textiles and manufactures, in bulk) and clearly demand is down so nobody’s gonna start the next LLBean any time soon just to import cheap stuff and put their label on it. And etc. And also too, the biggest culprit is automation. It all looks like industrial policy by default to me. Reply ↓ human March 20, 2017 at 1:38 pm The biggest culprit is not automation. It is reliance on short term profits and the bottom line. I see any number of retailers who are now realizing that they have overbuilt (same store sales declining while gross receipts increase only slightly), relying on subsidized construction and real estate costs, when they should have built stronger customer service teams with more reliable and greater selection/sizes of products. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic March 20, 2017 at 1:58 pm Exactly. What all the wailing and gnashing of teeth drowns out is the fact that the retailers mentioned are all public owner companies that have chosen Shareholder Value over running an outstanding business. I order from Amazon half the time because a retail store is out of stock of what I need. Or the lines are too long because some MBA titan of industry is watching labor budget dollars. The shopping experience is so crapified at these big stores that Amazon is a better experience. It’s not evendors about the money for me, it’s about my TIME and frustration with stock. Reply ↓ Brian M March 21, 2017 at 3:33 pm I have read statistics that claim that the United States has 3-8 times as much retail space per capita as most “advanced” economies. All in the pursuit of customer convenience. Why go to a monolithic faceless slice of Big Box Generica (The National Automobile Slum) when one can more easily buy on line and avoid the horrors of the power centers and suburban megamalls? Reply ↓ McWatt March 20, 2017 at 11:28 am Walmart killed local small community retail, Amazon is killing big urban retail. There is no question that retail locations over built and over expanded nation wide. There was bound to be pull back. However, this retail pull back is beyond what everyone was expecting and the culprit is Amazon and other on-line retailers. I have stores in two of the old line large residential communities in the Chicago area. The big chains are pulling out leaving empty storefronts. The small retailers that appear to have been successful for years are closing, leaving even more empty storefronts. Both communities are doubling down on large cash retail grants, land gifts, zoning variances and Sales Tax Rebate Programs to new business to come in. And they are doubling their efforts with developers to build apartments on top of what? More retail space. Insane. Reply ↓ Sluggeaux March 20, 2017 at 12:09 pm Just depressing. Malls and big retail killed our towns. Now Amazon is killing the malls. Soon waiting for Amazon to deliver will be the American equivalent of waiting in the queue at the GUM — the Main Universal Store on Red Square in the bad old USSR. Obama claiming that working at an Amazon fulfillment center is “middle class” was no different than Brezhnev’s Nomenklatura and Apparatchiks showing up in their black limos to exhort the workers at the tractor factory. Why shouldn’t American life be as dreary as life was depicted to be in the Soviet Union? After all, Steve Bannon claims to be a Leninist… Reply ↓ mirjonray March 20, 2017 at 2:02 pm A huge feature of those Soviet-style queues is hoping that soap or heads of cabbages will still be in stock by the time you reach the head of the line. I live in a respectably large metropolitan area, and I’m finding that I have to order more and more of my everyday supplies online simply because I can’t count on finding them in my local stores at any given time. I’ve also found out a long time ago that if one store is out of an item, chances are really good that its competitors will also be out of that item as well. What’s really frustrating is when items are also out of stock online. I’ve had to come up with an absurd little inventory control system to make sure I always have these items available. For example, there as several items that I make sure I always have one extra container on hand, and for a few other items (like my favorite store brand of skin lotion) I have to make sure I have at least three extra containers on hand to get me through those 6-8 week dry spells when they’re just not available anywhere. I believe I read a few months ago that Wal-Mart isn’t even trying to keep their shelves fully stocked because they want to save costs by having people purchase their products online from warehouses rather than from their more labor-intensive stores. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 2:54 pm Gah. It sounds like the management fad of “just-in-time” inventory management has finally hit retail. We’ve been dealing with it for years in heavy industry, where “inventory turns” somehow became a key metric to be maximized. But somehow, nobody accounts for the customers who get mad because their desperately-needed spare part takes forever to be shipped because it has to be JIT manufactured from components bought from a third-party supplier that also practices JIT inventory management that in turn buys sub-components from yet another company that’s on the JIT bandwagon. In theory, it all works. In reality, there are too many possible sources of delay. And if you acknowledge the reality of Murphy’s Law, you can see how this will happen far too often. I can’t imaging this making retail customers happy. It’ll only push them to online sellers. Or into maintaining their own inventory management schemes, like you’ve done. It’s enough to make a person grumpy. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic March 20, 2017 at 10:33 pm Inventory management has cost plenty of big retailers to lose my dollars. Most recently, I walked away from Petsmart after continued frustration of them being out of stock. There’s only just so many times I was willing to go to another store in order to (maybe) complete my shopping trip. I started ordering a few things from Amazon at first, then they offered me discounts if I set up subscriptions. I now subscribe for deliveries of food and cat litter. I’ll never darken Petsmart’s doors again because I kept running into empty shelves and they wasted my time (and gas) too often. Target lost my business for much the same reason. I’ve cut my trips to Home Depot in half and order many things online now. How’s that Shareholder Value working out for y’all? Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:47 am “I live in a respectably large metropolitan area, and I’m finding that I have to order more and more of my everyday supplies online simply because I can’t count on finding them in my local stores at any given time.” That’s very different from my experience here in Queens. I never order online, and I easily find everything I need in the many thousands of retail stores within a thirty minute subway ride from my home. I do, however, often have to do some online research– to discover where these retail outlets are located. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:59 am Contrast this to the approach of having lots of stuff, along with plenty of well-trained staff, that I find whenever I shop at a Wegmans upstate. No wonder they are the most popular grocery store in the country! Reply ↓ Rich March 20, 2017 at 2:18 pm To see the future just watch the movie Elysium Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:47 am Yep. :( Reply ↓ WorldBLee March 20, 2017 at 2:26 pm I think it’s less Amazon killing jobs as corporate America killing jobs left and right. If there were no Amazon, all the big retailers would be selling more items through their online channels–but the retail jobs would still be suffering as a) people have less disposable income and b) retailers can sell stuff with fewer jobs by shipping straight from the warehouse (and they want to cut their costs as much as they can). Plus, as others have noted, online shopping saves time, something that’s also in short supply. Amazon happens to be the most successful company in the online retail space but they’re the beneficiary of the trend that would be occurring anyway in my view. Reply ↓ sd March 21, 2017 at 1:27 am Over the last ten years, I’ve seen a real drop in the availability of building materials. Items that used to be same day delivery now require 3 day lead time. Consistently, flooring is 6 weeks out. Lumber is wet, it’s no longer kiln dried (or if it is, it damn well doesn’t look or feel it) and don’t get me started on the various things called “metal” Increasingly, everything is coming out of a warehouse overseas. If we don’t start manufacturing items again in the US, the day is going to come where we can’t get anything and the shelves are bare. Amazon or no Amazon. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:33 pm > I’ve seen a real drop in the availability of building materials. Yikes. Reply ↓ Olivier March 20, 2017 at 6:26 pm Why the focus on Amazon? Much retail activity will be moving online with or without Amazon. It’s not like Amazon has a lock on the technology: the online shopping cart is ubiquitous. Amazon is a threat primarily to other online retailers, not to brick-and-mortar stores, which are doomed anyway. Reply ↓ RBHoughton March 20, 2017 at 11:28 pm I don’t agree with the thesis. Last month the wife’s food mixer started to fail. The motor is too small to mix bread dough. After two years it was scratching the bowl. I order a UK brand from Amazon USA and it was delivered to me in Hong Kong the following day. Not only that but it was 60% of the price in the local shops where we had wasted half a day searching. Then there’s Tesla. No servicing required. If Tesla discovers your car is not performing optimally it reprograms your car’s computer whilst you are asleep. No more carless days waiting for a mechanic to do his job. Habit and routine are being replaced by original thought and America is way out ahead. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 1:16 am Who is going to have the income to support your cheaper shopping? You have lost sight of the fact than if people have to work as a condition of survival, it becomes a responsibility of the ruling classes. The end game of your little contented shopping is vastly more income and wealth disparity, which is highly correlated with shorter lifespans, even for the rich due to the greater stress of living in a highly stratified society, and more violence. I do not want to live in a society where rich people have snipers on their roofs, as I have seen in some countries. But you seem just ducky with the larger externalities as long as you have your easy shopping. Gah. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:52 am “I do not want to live in a society where rich people have snipers on their roofs, as I have seen in some countries. But you seem just ducky with the larger externalities as long as you have your easy shopping. Gah” Very well said! “Gah” seems like the mildest expletive possible to respond to such a stunningly selfish statement! Reply ↓ REX NUTTING March 21, 2017 at 9:32 am Thanks for hosting a good discussion of this topic, Yves. There was another good discussion on Reddit. I stand by my statement that manufacturing jobs are more concentrated in “a comparatively few counties.” This is not, as you “a remarkable admission of elite blindness” on my part, but a simple acknowledgement of the facts. You should really look at map of the Rust Belt if you don’t believe me. According to the Commerce Department, there were 181 counties (out of 3,141 total) where manufacturing accounted for at least 20% of employment. Most of these counties are the Midwest and South, and most of them are rural or micropolitan areas. Manufacturing accounts for only about 7% of national jobs, but more than 20% in Indiana and Wisconsin, and more than 14% in Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Kansas, Alabama, Arkansas, South Carolina and New Hampshire. Retail, by contrast, is spread fairly evenly across the country. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 1:52 pm Thanks for replying but the statistics you are citing are not relevant to your claim. Looking at where jobs are now does not tell you where jobs were before the losses occurred. In 1973, manufacturing employment as a share of the civilian noninstutional population was 2.5 times what it is today. At its peak in 1977, manufacturing was 22% of nonfarm payrolls. Reply ↓ REX D NUTTING March 21, 2017 at 10:04 pm Challenge accepted. The vast majority of manufacturing jobs lost between 1967 and 2014 occurred in just 173 counties out of more than 3,100. (National manufacturing employment fell from 19.3 million to 11.9 million, as employment in these 173 counties dropped from 12.4 million to 4.4 million). Net manufacturing employment actually rose in the remaining counties. Specifically: 4.1 million jobs were lost in 50 counties, including Cook County, LA County, Wayne County, Cuyahoga County, and Allegheny County. Employment in these counties went from 6.7 million to 2.6 million. Chicago lost 78%, Detroit lost 82%, Pittsburgh lost 81%, Dayton lost 76%. A further 2.4 million jobs were lost in 26 other counties, where employment went from 2.8 million to around 400,000. These counties encompass New York City, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Boston, Newark, St. Louis, Atlanta, Gary, Providence and San Francisco. Manhattan lost 96% of its manufacturing jobs. About 1.5 million jobs were lost in 97 other counties. In many of these 173 counties, more than half of the jobs were lost. On average, they lost 48% of their factory jobs. To sum up: Manufacturing job losses were concentrated in a comparatively few counties. Manufacturing was and remains highly concentrated. By contrast, retail job losses hit nearly every city and town in America. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 11:25 pm When you present the identity of these “counties” in terms of total number of inhabitants, it undermines the minimization of “relatively few counties” which comes off as trivializing the hollowing out of manufacturing. Most readers would assume that those “few counties” were in the Rust Belt, not huge urban centers. To say that it was concentrated in line with where population historically was concentrated is not consistent with the impression you give. The raw data is that more manufacturing jobs WERE lost than Amazon could displace. Manufacturing was a higher percentage of total employment, at 37%, than retail ever was, at roughly 10% per the BLS. And the BLS does not project that the percentage of people employed in retail trade will decline by 2024. And those jobs were on average higher paid. Thus it appears that you’ve cherry picked statistics to make the possibly waning future of retail employment to be more consequential than the fall in manufacturing jobs, when it isn’t. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:42 pm A couple of impressionistic responses: I’m not sure “counties” is the right way to think of this. For example, I don’t think of Los Angeles as a “county,” I think of it as a city. If — I’m guessing — manufacturing distribution follows a power curve, not a bell curve, we would indeed expect to find a very few counties (cities) at the top of the curve, followed by a long tail of manufacturing in the rest of the country (counties without large cities). I am a railroad fan, and looking at the articles and the models built from the 50s, it was quite normal for many, many towns to have railroad spurs for the local lumber yard, the brewery, the furniture factory, the metalworking shop, and so on. Much, even almost all of that, is gone now. (See Chris Arnade’s photographs). This is what I remember growing up, in my home town, and driving across the country. And where those workplaces were boarded up, communities were destroyed as well. In order words, manufacturing can still be “highly concentrated,” and yet its destruction at the long tail could also have massive effects on communities across the entire continent. Reply ↓ REX D NUTTING March 22, 2017 at 8:56 am My apologies if the evidence doesn’t lead where “most readers” or you would like it to. Most of the manufacturing jobs lost were lost in large urban centers, mostly in the Rust Belt stretching from New England to the Great Lakes. That’s just a fact. But because (some) big cities are good at creating jobs, people have found other work. There is no nostalgia in Manhattan for the factory that is now gone, the way there’s nostalgia in Milwaukee, Buffalo, Baltimore or Youngstown. It’s in the smaller cities and towns where there’s a problem, because once the factory leaves, the only employment left is the Wal-Mart. There is a huge hole in those towns that cannot be filled. Here is the point: Retail now occupies the role manufacturing once did: It supplies a lot of jobs for people with very few skills. And I raise the warning in a clickbait-y way that those jobs are in danger of being lost forever to “technology.” But this time it isn’t the evil Chinese doing it, it’s Jeff Bezos. (Of course, a significant portion of those manufacturing jobs were lost to technology as well, not to the Chinese, but that’s something we must never mention because it spoils the narrative.) The working class that fell from manufacturing to retail will now fall another rung. They’ll have to find other low-skilled work. Probably in health care and other minimum-wage social services. Or they will go on disability and Oxycontin. Or I suppose they could improve their skills and move to where the jobs are. … Nah! This economic transformation accompanying the loss of retail jobs is likely take a different character than the loss of Rust Belt manufacturing did, because retail jobs are spread out more evenly across the country. It’s possible no one will even notice, except the millions who’ve fallen further from the American Dream. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:45 pm > Retail now occupies the role manufacturing once did: It supplies a lot of jobs for people with very few skills. I disagree that manufacturing does not involve skill. Let’s not confuse skill with credentials or with symbol manipulation. See “Credentials, Jobs and the New Economy” by Tressie McMillan Cottom. On “most of the manufacturing jobs were lost,” see my comment above on a possible long tail; it’s community impact that matters, I think, and not numbers per se. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 22, 2017 at 2:57 pm “Or I suppose they could improve their skills and move to where the jobs are. … Nah!” Yes– because it’s sooo easy for an unemployed autoworker in Lordstown, OH, to abandon his elderly mother, get a master’s degree in a STEM field at Stanford, and “network” his way into working for those wonderful employers out there like Uber!/s “The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die.” http://www.nationalreview.com/article/432876/donald-trump-white-working-class-dysfunction-real-opportunity-needed-not-trump Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:17 pm > On the other hand, with online shopping, you can find targets more efficiently, but the “hit or miss” element shifts to fit, color, and quality of fabric/tailoring. Being a guy, I have my products. I don’t want new ones; I want the same product when the old one wears out. Online doesn’t help with that at all. I have a brand and make of pants that I like (khaki, I’m a WASP, mkay?). Ordered some a few years ago, from Amazon; ordered the “same” pants again last summer, and the manufacturing quality was a lot worse. Worse zipper, worse stitching, no tacks where I expected them, worse fit though the “size” was the same. Online does not, in other words, prevent crapification. (Except through the reviews, I imagine, but multiple outlets sell the same products, and so reviews don’t aggregate by product.) Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments toshiro_mifune on Links 3/23/17Children understand far more about other minds than... inhibi on Links 3/23/17Disgusting. The new normal where you own nothing,... lyman alpha blob on Links 3/23/17I quit smoking at about the same time... financial matters on Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients?Yes, most hospitals, physician groups wouldn't be able... washunate on Alice in Gender-Gap LandEnjoyed the read because wage inequality is at... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,635) Brexit (45) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,621) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,454) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,402) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,425) Health care (386) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (943) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (494) Investment outlook (849) Japan (204) Legal (1,874) Links (3,031) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (228) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (286) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,997) Private equity (508) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,566) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,009) Social values (1,782) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,328) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (637) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
null
Hot Topics: Judge: Longmont can cut tree 7-vehicle crash Johnnie St. Vrain Rabbit Mountain elk hunt New breweries News tips TC Line: Sorry to see Penney's go Posted:   03/19/2017 04:52:54 PM MDT Updated:   03/19/2017 04:53:34 PM MDT JC Penney • I'm really sorry to see that JC Penney is leaving Longmont after all these years. It has a strong heritage, including the original person, James Cash Penney, who started here in Longmont, It's just kind of a shame to see it go after all these years, but times change and that's what happens. • Don't worry about losing JC Penney. We still have Kohl's and Walmart. Citizenship solution It's nice that the churches are wanting to help the immigrants, but what's the long term solution? The long term solution to citizenship. Why don't they help them on becoming coming citizens? Now that be a more productive effort. Veteran discounts We were at Culver's, my brother and husband and I. My husband is a veteran, and he was wearing his hat that said "I served in Vietnam." And he got a discount for his food, and I believe that all restaurants should honor our veterans all year long, not just on Memorial Day and Veterans Day. Again, a big thank you to Culver's for giving my husband that discount. Trump travel costs If you run the numbers related around Trump traveling to Florida almost every weekend, maintaining a residence in New York for his wife, and the cost of the security protection for his family as they flit around the world, in four years this will cost the American taxpayers and estimated $1 billion. Chuck Berry Advertisement This goes out to Chuck Berry. I was fortune enough to see Chuck Berry at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame opening, as I donated money to build that place. Even at just about 58 years old back in 1985, the man still put on a great show at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I hope he's riding along in his automobile, his baby beside him at the wheel. Not our rep I'm a Frederick/Firestone resident, and last night I saw on the TV news a state representative who is pushing his political agenda in Weld County. He does not represent our area. He represents Louisville. He is very much anti-fracking, very much anti-commerce, very much anti-oil. I want him to keep his nose out of our business. ... Boulder County does not hardly have any oil wells at all, yet they get all up in the air about it. Caring for others? I think I've got this right, that Trump promised to put America first and that many of his voters were from the Christian right. ... Why isn't the Christian right screaming and yelling at Mr. Trump about cutting funding to ... children's food programs in the schools, women's health care and the whole long list of services that are provided to help the Christian perspective achieve their goal of taking care of the poor, the sick and the elderly? Enemies of press I think it was a political cartoon that I saw that suggested how much better off we would be if both parties were the enemy of the press instead of just one. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont weather: Red flag warning but a chance of overnight snow Longmont-area events for Thursday, March 23, 2017 Judge clears way for Longmont to cut down disputed cottonwood tree   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Hot Topics: Drought in Loveland US 34 Reopening School Innovation Proposed Police See More Weapons New CSU Stadium Entertainment This Week RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 18-19, 2017 Posted:   03/19/2017 07:15:57 PM MDT Notable calls Saturday • Noon. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Wilson Avenue and West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 1 p.m. Restraining order violation, 1000 block of East Fourth Street. • 1 p.m. Fraud, 800 block of White Elm Drive. • 1 p.m. Shoplifting in progress, Wal-Mart Supercenter East, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Taft Avenue. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 300 block of South Lincoln Avenue. • 3 p.m. Theft, 1700 block of East 17th Street. • 5 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Wilson Avenue and West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 7 p.m. Traffic stop, 3300 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 10 p.m. DUI, 2600 block of North Taft Avenue. • 10 p.m. DUI, North St. Louis Avenue and East First Street. • 10 p.m. Drugs, 3300 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 11 p.m. Traffic stop, 1400 block of North Lincoln Avenue. Sunday • 1 a.m. DUI, East 10th Street and North Washington Avenue. • 2 a.m. Drugs, 900 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 2 a.m. Forgery/counterfeit, 7-Eleven West, 2081 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 3 a.m. Warrant, 900 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 8 a.m. Criminal trespass, 1400 block of Cheyenne Avenue. Advertisement Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Pressure increases on Johnstown decision Traffic signal planned for 29th and Beech SAINT executive director to retire after 15 years   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Beverage Giants Continue to Shift Gears as Bottled Water Consumption Surpassed Soda in 2016 The decline of carbonated beverages in the U.S. is a decade-long trend -- here is what investors need to consider. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Mar 19, 2017 at 8:00PM In this segment from Motley Fool Money, the team discusses the results of recent research regarding soda and bottled water consumption. As bottled water grows in popularity -- and soda declines -- investors will have to consider the long-term impact this trend will have on beverage industry leaders, including Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Pepsico (NYSE:PEP), and Sodastream (NASDAQ:SODA). A full transcript follows the video.    This video was recorded on March 10, 2017. Chris Hill: Move over soda, there's a new leader in the US. According to the latest research, Americans drank more bottled water in 2016 than soda. And Jason, we have seen soda consumption on the decline for over a decade. But I was still a little surprised by this news. Jason Moser: I actually was not, and the reason why was because I look at myself and I think -- I mean, I have been so ingrained in my Diet Coke habit for so long, and if I have made such a drastic change in my Diet Coke consumption, and I really have -- you look at the kids today, soda just doesn't maintain the same position in the typical U.S. household than it did, perhaps, when we were growing up. And I think that's just a real proxy as to what's going on here. Andy Cross: When's the last time that someone brought a soda into the studio for this show? Just sat down with a Coke bottle right here? It's got to be a long time! Matt Argersinger: I see a water bottle, I see tea. Cross: Right, and coffee. Moser: I feel like I did, probably, at some point this week. But to your point, this really was a matter of when, not if. And if you look at just one example, look at the litany of Coca-Cola earnings reports where it seems like every quarter, sparkling beverage unit case volume declined 2% for the quarter, and still beverage unit case volume grew for the quarter. And that's just been the story for the last two to three years. So, it's not a surprise. The health benefits are clear. Argersinger: And I applaud Coca-Cola for making some pretty early investments in those still beverages areas, Honest Tea being one which is a really popular one, and just diversifying as much as they can. It's still amazing to see that such a -- is it fair to say -- staple of the American diet has come down so much? Now, I know they have a lot of growth outside of North America, overseas and internationally in emerging markets. So, there's still, obviously, healthy demand for carbonated beverages. But I'm surprised, too, to see this on the decline. Cross: Pepsi was on this years ago, when they expanded into the snacks business, which is very nicely profitable, and actually is under a lot of pressure, too, and they're starting to diversify away from that, trying to get more than half their sales tied to more healthy alternatives with people outside of soda and snacks. So, it's definitely the trend that's playing that these guys aren't picking up. There are plenty of upstarts and really young, innovative companies are going to come in and take that share from them. Hill: And let's be clear. While water is on the rise, it is in particular packaged water. I couldn't help but think about a company like Sodastream when I was looking at this story, where they have the reusable bottles and you can make it at home, you can make your own carbonated water, that sort of thing. One ripple effect of this story is the ecological one. Bottled water sales are on the rise. That's great in terms of health, except if we're talking about health of the planet. Moser: I think more places are also setting themselves up with water coolers like we have. So, I'm drinking more water, but it's not like I'm buying a bottle of water every time, I'm just refilling that same bottle. We'll probably see more and more of that type of behavior as well, which certainly doesn't hurt the environment. Cross: Yeah, and La Croix, which offers their seltzer water in a can as opposed to a bottle, which is far more recyclable and better for the environment than the bottles that you get from some of the other providers. Andy Cross owns shares of PepsiCo. Chris Hill owns shares of Coca-Cola. Jason Moser has no position in any stocks mentioned. Matthew Argersinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool owns shares of SodaStream. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Mar 19, 2017 at 8:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $42.38 no change (0.00%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $112.02 no change (0.00%) SodaStream NASDAQ:SODA $47.24 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Frontier Communications, Nike, and Sirius XM Slumped Today Why Shake Shack Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About 5 Things Ulta Salon Management Wants You to Know Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays The Biggest Risks Facing Las Vegas Casinos Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Beverage Giants Continue to Shift Gears as Bottled Water Consumption Surpassed Soda in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $KO, $PEP, $SODA
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ה אדר תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – March 19, 2017 Business Briefs – March 19, 2017 Sunday, March 19, 2017 at 9:12 pm | כ"א אדר תשע"ז Germany’s Merkel and Japan’s Abe Urge Free Trade With Jabs at U.S. HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) – German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke up for free trade at a major technology fair on Sunday with jabs clearly pointed at an increasingly protectionist United States. Both called for a free trade deal to be reached quickly between Japan and the European Union, in comments made after G20 finance ministers and central bankers dropped a long-standing mention of open trade in their final communique after a two-day meeting in Germany. Neither leader named the U.S. government as they opened the CeBIT technology fair in Hanover, but both used the opportunity to distance themselves from protectionist tendencies coming from the Trump administration. “In times when we have to argue with many about free trade, open borders and democratic values, it’s a good sign that Japan and Germany no longer argue about this but rather are seeking to shape the future in a way that benefits people,” Merkel said. As G20 president, Germany feels especially committed to these principles, she added. After meeting President Donald Trump in Washington on Friday for the first time, Merkel said she hoped the United States and the European Union could resume discussions on a trade agreement. Trump said he did not believe in isolationism but that trade policy should be fairer. Auto Industry Backs Commitment To Fuel Economy Amid Doubts DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) – Just because President Trump may weaken U.S. fuel economy requirements, don’t expect gas guzzlers like the giant 13 mpg Hummer H1 to make a comeback. Executives from automakers and suppliers gathered at a conference said looser fuel economy standards might allow for sales of more trucks in areas where they’re popular. But otherwise, the pursuit of fuel-efficiency technologies would proceed unabated. Wal-Mart Buys Online Clothing Seller ModCloth NEW YORK (AP) – Wal-Mart is buying trendy online clothing selling ModCloth. The company has been making a big push to pick up smaller online brands as it tries to make headway against Amazon. But winning over ModCloth’s customers, who are fans of its vintage-inspired patterned dresses and inclusive sizing, may be a challenge. “Soda Tax” Stakes Escalate in Pivotal Philadelphia Fight PHILADELPHIA (AP) – Philadelphia has become a pivotal battleground in the beverage industry’s push to stop “soda taxes” from gaining momentum. Since a new tax on sweetened drinks went into effect Jan. 1, a coalition of businesses looking to overturn it say sales are down so much they need to cut jobs. Tax supporters question the announcements of layoffs so soon after the tax went into effect, and note beverage distributors and supermarkets aren’t required to pass on the entire cost of the tax to shoppers. Dallas Offers Cautionary Tale As It Moves to Fix 911 Woes DALLAS (AP) – Dallas has been experiencing disruptions in its 911 service that began in October and at one point last week resulted in 360 calls being placed on hold. More dispatchers have been assigned to field 911 calls and technological glitches have been fixed, which should smooth operations, a city spokeswoman said Friday. But the problems plaguing Dallas can be found with other 911 systems that rely on increasingly obsolete networks that are incompatible with new technologies and protocols. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – March 16, 2017 Business Briefs – March 15, 2017 Business Briefs – January 18, 2017 Business Briefs – January 24, 2017 Business Briefs – February 9, 2017 More in Business Mexico Emerges as Most Alluring Emerging Market, India Worst Bank Leumi and Chinese Insurance Giant Ping An to Cooperate in Promoting Israeli High-Tech in China FOCUS: Currency Fallout Seen as Israel Closes in on Citi’s Bond Index One Day After Steep Stock-Market Drop, S&P and Nasdaq Rise as Investors Seek Bargains Existing-Home Sales Slowed in February After Surge in January OP-ED The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh What the FDA Gets Wrong About E-Cigarettes The Intelligence Committee’s Hearing On Russia Won’t Satisfy Democrats Features Editorial Cartoon – March 23, 2017 Ten Nutrition Mistakes Even Really Healthy People Make Breakfast, Fasting, Snacking: Heart Panel Weighs In on Top Meal-Timing Questions Great Granola Nichum Aveilim 25 Adar/March 23 This Day In History 25 Adar/March 23 Nichum Aveilim 24 Adar/March 22 This Day In History 24 Adar/March 22 Beware the Ice of March Sudoku – March 22, 2017 Get Moving The Odd Side – March 21, 2017 This Day In History 23 Adar/March 21 World of Wonder – March 21, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 28°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,821.64 +27.82 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,348.45 +4.43 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9264 GBP 0.8015 ILS 3.6440 CHF 0.9917 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's trading partners alarmed by food import controls By Associated Press Published: 20:19 EDT, 19 March 2017 | Updated: 20:19 EDT, 19 March 2017 e-mail BEIJING (AP) - China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans to require intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in commerce. The rule could inflame tensions with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has promised to raise tariffs on imports from China, and the European Union. Under the rule, due to take effect as early as October, each consignment of food would require a certificate from a foreign inspector confirming it meets Chinese quality standards. Other countries require such inspections only for meat, dairy and other perishable items. In this Tuesday, March 14, 2017 photo, a man looks at imported wines on display for sale near the imported cookies and nuts, at Walmart in Beijing. China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans for intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in trade. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) That alarms suppliers that see China as a growing market for American fruit juice and snack foods, French wine, German chocolate, Italian pasta and Australian orange juice. They complain Beijing already uses safety rules in ways that hamper access for beef and other goods in violation of its market-opening commitments. "It could bring down food imports quite dramatically," said the German ambassador to Beijing, Michael Clauss. "It often seems it is more about protecting Chinese producers than about food safety." The requirement would add "unnecessary regulatory complexity" at a time when Beijing has promised to reduce regulation, Jake Parker, vice president of China operations for the U.S.-China Business Council, said in an email. Chinese regulators say closer scrutiny is needed as food imports increase. They say they are willing to consider suggestions about alternatives, but foreign officials say they have yet to make any changes. China contends the inspections requirement is supported by the Codex Alimentarius, the "Food Code" of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and World Health Organization, according to a person familiar with the discussions. The Codex sets quality standards but other nations say it recommends certificates only for risky products. The president of the Codex council, Awilo Ochieng Pernet, a Swiss lawyer, will attend an April 6 seminar with Chinese officials in Beijing to explain its standards, according to that person, who asked not to be identified further. Participants plan to propose alternatives such as giving Beijing access to electronic records to track sources of shipments. Ambassadors from the United States and another government expressed concern in a letter in January to Wang Yang, a deputy premier who oversees farming and commerce. Officials of the United States, the EU, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Argentina, Chile and other governments sent a similar letter to the Chinese product quality agency, the General Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine, known as AQSIQ. EU officials believe requiring health certificates for all products "is not scientifically justified," the EU mission in Beijing said in a statement. The rules would be a burden on foreign suppliers and "a waste of the precious control resources" that should focus on risky products, it said. The rules follow an avalanche of scandals over Chinese suppliers caught selling tainted milk and other shoddy or counterfeit food products. Western officials say the proposed food rules appear meant to shift responsibility away from AQSIQ, which Chinese consumers often blame for safety failures . In a written statement, AQSIQ told The Associated Press it is talking with more than 30 exporting countries and regions including the European Union, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Japan. The agency said it welcomes suggestions of "alternative solutions." The measures are aimed at "promoting the international co-governance of food safety," the agency said. It said that would improve regulators' ability to trace imported food and block counterfeits. "We have to assess the food management of areas abroad that export food to China to ensure the food safety of our country," the minister in charge of AQSIQ, Zhi Shuping, said at a March 14 news conference. Zhi did not refer directly to the inspection requirement but said his agency's activities are "in line with international practice." Beijing already is at odds with the U.S. and Europe over low-priced exports of steel and aluminum they say are hurting foreign competitors. In the Trump administration's first trade complaint, a group for American aluminum producers asked March 9 for higher import duties on Chinese-made aluminum foil to counter what it said were improper subsidies. Clauss, the German ambassador, said the rules should be submitted for WTO review - a step that AQSIQ said in its written statement it will take. "We don't see that they really are trying to compromise on this so far," said Clauss. "To our knowledge, this doesn't exist anywhere else in the world." ___ General Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine: www.aqsiq.gov.cn Codex Alimentarius: www.fao.org/fao-who-codexalimentarius In this Tuesday, March 14, 2017 photo, a woman walks by a section selling imported foods and beverages at Walmart in Beijing. China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans for intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in trade. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts The Spokane Falls Know Spokane Gonzaga basketball Fairchild at 75 Doctors of Debt Coming to America Police searching for suspect in armed robbery near Walmart on Colton Street SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 2017, 4:16 P.M. By Jonathan Glover jonathang@spokesman.com(509) 459-5013 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Spokane Police are searching for a suspect who robbed a delivery driver near the Walmart Supercenter at 9212 N. Colton St. Saturday night. Officers say a man with a knife robbed the delivery driver in a residential area near the store at about 9 p.m. The robber, whom police described to be in his late 40s, heavyset and wearing a sleeveless shirt and camouflage baseball hat, fled the scene and was not located. The driver was not injured. Police are asking anyone with information to call Crime Check at 509-456-2233. Published: March 19, 2017, 4:16 p.m.  Tags: public safety, robbery, Spokane Police Department, walmart Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
birminghammailLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Local News Midlands News UK News Homes and Property Politics Crime Education Business Nostalgia Showbiz Health MotorsExpand In Your Area What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Theatre Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Shopping CompetitionsExpand Villa Blues Albion Sport Latest Sport Aston Villa Birmingham City West Brom Wolves Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport National Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Nostalgia Celebs & TV Quizzes Food & Drink Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Cashback Dating BuySell Book an Ad Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home News Midlands News Asda News Asda withdraws Slimzone ready meals after Slimming World row The Slimzone ready meals, launched in January, included ingredients which were classed as "free" under the Slimming World diet plan  Share ByJames Rodger 19:31, 19 MAR 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextMuslim MP Khalid Mahmood says terrorists are not Watch this video again Watch Next BBC News presenter's blunder during reporting on 0:26 Ashley Cole opens up about leaving Arsenal for Ch2:06 Paul Suart on Craig Dawson's England chances1:30 Mel B on her and Stephen Belafonte not having a l0:42 Emmerdale fans fall in love with adorable Amelia0:40 Video will play in  Which 2017 diet is the one for you Share this video Watch Next  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda is withdrawing a range of ready meals from stores after a disagreement with Slimming World, it has been confirmed. The supermarket chain, which operates multiple stores in Birmingham and across the West Midlands, is removing products from its shelves after a row concerning the Slimzone Range. The Slimzone ready meals, launched in January, included ingredients which were classed as "free" under the Slimming World diet plan. But a spokesman for the Walmart-owned supermarket confirmed on Sunday it was removing the 12 meals from shelves because of the method used by the weight loss organisation to assess whether ready meals were "free" or not. Asda introduced its Slimzone range of 13 frozen meals and meat products last month Read More Slimming World news: Legal action launched over Asda diet food range The spokesman said: "We take great pride in the integrity of the claims we make about our products. "Recent information has come to light indicating that the method used by Slimming World to assess whether a ready meal is free or not, surprisingly, is partly subjective and involves more than simply making food with free ingredients. "Slimzone was always intended to bring more choice and lower prices to customers shopping for healthy frozen ready meals but because of this new information, we have chosen to remove the range while we consider the best option for our customers." Read More Male stripper SHORTAGE - here's how you apply for the job The meal packs included a statement informing customers that the range was not endorsed by Slimming World. Supermarket Iceland sells a range of ready meals which is endorsed by the diet plan. A spokesperson for Slimming World said: "Slimming World has been engaged in a legal action to ask Asda to remove our trademarks (Slimming World, Free and Extra Easy) from their Slimzone meals since the range launched in January. "Asda’s decision to withdraw the meals comes just before a court hearing next week in which we were seeking an injunction over the trademark issue. "We have been open with Asda and our members about the fact that we were unable to give an accurate value for the Slimzone meals, and that our evaluation process for ready meals is complex, and has subjective as well as objective aspects. "Although we repeatedly asked Asda to give us a more detailed breakdown of the ingredients used so that we could make an accurate assessment, they would not supply those details – so we were unable to confirm whether or not the meals would be designated as Free Food on Slimming World’s healthy eating plan. "It’s never been our intention to prevent Asda from selling healthy meals that help people lose weight – our concern has been about our trademarks, and we hope that Asda will be able to relaunch the range without relying on Slimming World’s trademarks or name." Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @BirminghamMail Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Asda NHS News all Most Read Most Recent West Midlands PoliceLive: Birmingham arrests linked to London terrorist attack amid reports car rented from Solihull Police operation in Hagley Road, Edgbaston late on Wednesday night West Midlands PoliceCar used in London terrorist attack rented from Enterprise in Solihull It has been confirmed that the Hyundai 4x4 used in the attack was hired locally TerrorismSee inside the Birmingham flat raided over London terrorist attack Hagley Road address stormed by police in late-night raid Theresa MayWatch: Dramatic footage after police terror raid on Birmingham home Seven people arrested in series of swoops following Parliament attack which left four dead Hagley RoadLondon terrorist attack suspect 'from Birmingham' Reports that he hired the vehicle used in the horrific London carnage in the city TerrorismThe 'lone wolf' London terrorist and his Birmingham links Hagley Road flat raided and car rented in Solihull Liam PayneLiam Payne wanted by Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber for new Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat The Wolverhampton star is thought to be topping the list for the cast of the forthcoming production kodiKodi box legal decision set to be made in landmark court case Mr Thompson is thought to be the first man brought to court to face allegations of selling pre-loaded Kodi or Android boxes TerrorismLondon terror attack: Muslim MP says terrorist is 'not of my religion' Birmingham MP Khalid Mahmood speaks out after Prime Minister says London terrorist was 'inspired by Islamist ideology' Terrorism#WeStandTogether Birmingham in solidarity after London terrorist attack Community and faith groups unite in condemnation of terror attacks and solidarity with victims Most Read Most Recent West Midlands PoliceLive: Birmingham arrests linked to London terrorist attack amid reports car rented from Solihull Police operation in Hagley Road, Edgbaston late on Wednesday night West Midlands PoliceCar used in London terrorist attack rented from Enterprise in Solihull It has been confirmed that the Hyundai 4x4 used in the attack was hired locally TerrorismSee inside the Birmingham flat raided over London terrorist attack Hagley Road address stormed by police in late-night raid EasterEaster 2017: When are the dates for Good Friday, Easter Sunday and Easter Monday bank holidays this spring? When are the 2017 Easter holidays? These are the Easter dates you need to know Theresa MayWatch: Dramatic footage after police terror raid on Birmingham home Seven people arrested in series of swoops following Parliament attack which left four dead Birmingham City FCBirmingham City quiz: How well do you know your 80s Blues players? Test your Blues knowledge by identifying 15 faces Clayton DonaldsonGianfranco Zola says this Birmingham City player's return is 'like a new signing' BCFC thrilled to have another striking option available for busy run in TerrorismThe 'lone wolf' London terrorist and his Birmingham links Hagley Road flat raided and car rented in Solihull Liam PayneLiam Payne wanted by Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber for new Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat The Wolverhampton star is thought to be topping the list for the cast of the forthcoming production kodiKodi box legal decision set to be made in landmark court case Mr Thompson is thought to be the first man brought to court to face allegations of selling pre-loaded Kodi or Android boxes Top Stories TerrorismSee inside the Birmingham flat raided over London terrorist attack Hagley Road address stormed by police in late-night raid Hagley RoadParliament terrorist attacker 'from Birmingham' - neighbour Reports that he hired the vehicle used in the horrific London carnage in the city TerrorismThe 'lone wolf' London terrorist and his Birmingham links Hagley Road flat raided and car rented in Solihull CrimeWANTED! Police release details of suspects after burglary spree Gallery of people being hunted by cops who are appealing for help to find them Theresa MayWatch: Dramatic footage after police terror raid on Birmingham home Seven people arrested in series of swoops following Parliament attack which left four dead TerrorismLondon Terrorist Attack: Westminster attacker was British born and had been investigated by MI5 Theresa May tells Parliament 'we are not afraid' Midlands NewsResidents: Machine-gun police raided neighbour's house in terror swoop More than a dozen black-clad heavily armed officers smashed their way in to an address in Hagley Road TerrorismMP tells Birmingham children caught in London terror attack: 'We're so proud of you' MP Jess Phillips delivers letters to the Birmingham schoolchildren who were held in Parliament as terrorist attacked Westminster McDonald'sMcDonald's Monopoly is back - and here's how to get FREE stickers The prizes for the 2017 game have not yet been confirmed by McDonalds, but last year you could win holidays, a car and big cash TerrorismThousands raised in memory of policeman Keith Palmer killed in London terror attack PC Palmer was stabbed to death outside parliament yesterday during terror attack TerrorismLondon terror attack: Muslim MP says terrorist is 'not of my religion' Birmingham MP Khalid Mahmood speaks out after Prime Minister says London terrorist was 'inspired by Islamist ideology' West Midlands PoliceBirmingham terror raids: Police say no 'immediate risk' to safety Seven arrested in series of swoops amid rumours attacker is from city West Midlands PoliceLive: Birmingham arrests linked to London terrorist attack amid reports car rented from Solihull Police operation in Hagley Road, Edgbaston late on Wednesday night West Midlands PoliceCar used in London terrorist attack rented from Enterprise in Solihull It has been confirmed that the Hyundai 4x4 used in the attack was hired locally TerrorismSee inside the Birmingham flat raided over London terrorist attack Hagley Road address stormed by police in late-night raid Theresa MayWatch: Dramatic footage after police terror raid on Birmingham home Seven people arrested in series of swoops following Parliament attack which left four dead Hagley RoadLondon terrorist attack suspect 'from Birmingham' Reports that he hired the vehicle used in the horrific London carnage in the city TerrorismBirmingham raids after London terrorist attack - what we know so far Hagley Road raid comes after London was hit with a deadly terror attack FacebookWatch: Primary school teacher's XXXX rant at bouncers School launched investigation Emily Higgins shouts bad language at door staff at Geisha in The Cube The ApprenticeLondon terror attack: Fury as Katie Hopkins says people are 'cowed and afraid' Controversialist speaks out to Americans on Fox News - sparking outrage Jaguar Land RoverTerrorist attack: Erdington couple saw knifeman gunned down Jayne Wilkinson and David Turner had a lucky escape when terror struck in the capital CourtsAlleged Birmingham terrorists called themselves the 'three musketeers' Arabic word for infidel scratched onto machete blad, 'terror' trial jury told CrimeWANTED! Police release details of suspects after burglary spree Gallery of people being hunted by cops who are appealing for help to find them Midlands NewsLondon terrorist attack: Machine-gun police raided Hagley Road house in terror swoop, say residents More than a dozen black-clad heavily armed officers smashed their way in to an address in Hagley Road AmazonUsing Kodi is legal - but this is when it can become illegal A trader is being hauled to court in a landmark case over the legality of selling boxes loaded with Kodi West Midlands PoliceBirmingham terror raids: Police say no 'immediate risk' to safety Seven arrested in series of swoops amid rumours attacker is from city PoliticsTheresa May asked to explain why London's homeless families are being moved to Birmingham London homeless families are moved to Birmingham, while Birmingham council moves local families OUT because there's no housing for them. BBCWestminster terror attacks: How residents were told to stay out of part of Birmingham during armed raids Eyewitnesses reported dozens of armed officers storming a premises over a restaurant TerrorismLondon Terrorist Attack: Westminster attacker was British born and had been investigated by MI5 Theresa May tells Parliament 'we are not afraid' TerrorismHow Birmingham schoolchildren helped MPs stay calm in face of terror attack MP Jess Phillips delivers letters to the Birmingham schoolchildren who were held in Parliament as terrorist attacked Westminster Midlands traffic and travelBirmingham Live: Terror raid on Hagley Road address, updates on London terror attacks, traffic and travel updates All the latest news updates throughout the day on Thursday, March 23 West Midlands PoliceLive updates: Hamstead Road in Lozells sealed off over gunfire reports Man attacked and dragged from car, say police News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Clark Talks: Podcast discusses dangers to kids online Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Weather Eye: Rain, ‘March mudness’ not letting up yet State of City address scheduled for March 30 C-Tran board approves land buy near its headquarters Landslide unstable; Highway 503 span closed through spring State Highway 503 at the northeast end of Lake Merwin will remain closed through the spring due to an active… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Prep Baseball: Strong senior class has B.G. thinking big Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head High school scoreboard, March 23 Oberg steps down as Washougal basketball coach Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head BATTLE GROUND — Baseball America, which prides itself on covering America’s pastime at just about every level, has named a… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Local roasting company Relevant Coffee opens cafe in Uptown Village Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Airlines expect March, April to set records Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Sears: ‘Substantial doubt’ about future Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.9 percent Push to sow wildflowers backfires, brings criticism to General Mills Singletary: Personal testament to value of Medicaid General Mills sales drop faster than expected Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Nike dropped in early trading after third-quarter sales missed estimates, giving fuel to critics who say it’s losing ground to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Pack rats, minimalists find peace Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens Deaf students thrill to vibrations of whales Weeds, meet your new worst enemy: Black tarps Energy Adviser: Soil content critical for native plants Faux can be friend, not foe Controlling weeds starts with the seeds Researcher says when planet gets hot, animals get smaller Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens This warm winter has not only confused plants into bearing flowers way ahead of normal, it has been troublesome for… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sunshine Worth Price Parker: Gorsuch nomination Trump’s most redeeming act Letter: Choose light over deception Letter: News must be fake, right? Letter: Nothing wrong with being average Letter: No need to spend big on genes Letter: Crack down on litter Letter: Be careful who you call ugly In Our View: Pot News a Mixed Bag Camden: Price of car tab taxes in Seattle prompts familiar outrage Editorial Cartoons March 19-25 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Toddler dies after being hit by vehicle in Sunnyside Wal-Mart parking lot By Molly Rosbach, Yakima Herald-Republic Published: March 19, 2017, 3:20 PM A   A SUNNYSIDE — Police released more detail Sunday morning about the 19-month-old toddler who died after being run over in a Wal-Mart parking lot Saturday afternoon. Isabella Orozco was leaving the Sunnyside store with her mother just after 3 p.m. Saturday when she ran from her mother, into the path of an oncoming pickup driven by a 68-year-old Prosser man, a Sunnyside Police report said. First aid was administered on the scene by nearby witnesses, and the girl was taken to Sunnyside Community Hospital. She was pronounced dead there shortly before 4 p.m., Yakima County coroner Jack Hawkins said. The driver of the pickup remained at the scene and is cooperating with the ongoing investigation, police said. Washington State Patrol is assisting in the investigation. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Troopers arrest RI fugitive in Putnam Sunday Mar 19, 2017 at 6:26 PM Mar 20, 2017 at 11:01 AM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB DANIELSON — State troopers took a fugitive wanted in Rhode Island into custody during a traffic stop at about 2 a.m. Friday in Putnam.  A trooper pulled over a rental car on Route 44 near the Putnam Wal-Mart, according to state police. The occupant was identified as James Wells, 32, police said. He was found to have an active felony arrest warrant out of Rhode Island, police said. Police did not provide an address for Wells nor say what charges he was wanted for in Rhode Island.  Wells was taken to Troop D, where he was held on a $250,000 cash surety bond and was scheduled to appear Friday in Danielson Superior Court. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times comments Seen them? Cops looking for vacuum-toting thieves Print Email Pamela Sroka-Holzmann | For lehighvalleylive.com By Pamela Sroka-Holzmann | For lehighvalleylive.com The Express-Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 19, 2017 at 3:17 PM, updated March 20, 2017 at 1:10 PM comments Bethlehem Township police are searching for a pair they say made off with a Dyson vacuum cleaner from Wal-Mart. Bethlehem Township police are searching for a pair they say stole a vacuum from Wal-Mart. (Courtesy photo)  The two males sometime March 10 stole the vacuum, which can range in price from $300 to $600, and fled the store. They were last seen leaving in a red Ford, possibly a Ford Focus. Police obtained store surveillance footage of the men. One is described as white, wearing glasses, a black jacket and dark shirt. The other is described as black, much taller than the other male, and wearing glasses, a red shirt, black jacket, gray pants and dark sneakers. Knife-carrying thief nabbed in N.J. car burglary, cops say Those with information are asked to call 610-419-9252 or email akanaskie@bethlehemtwp.com. Tipsters also can text "TIP BETHLEHEMTWP" followed by a message, to 888777 or visit https://local.nixle.com/tip/township-of-bethlehem/. Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Man Breaks Leg Allegedly Escaping From Burglary and Then Calls Cops For Help Maya Chung Inside EditionMarch 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A man’s getaway plan from a burglary didn’t quite work out. Leoul Yosef was allegedly burglarizing a Virginia apartment on Wednesday when the owner of the home showed up. Read: Man Steals $100 Bill From Toddler at Walmart: Cops In an attempt to escape, Yosef, 21, allegedly jumped off the balcony, breaking his leg, and then called police for help.  Fairfax County Police Officer Don Gatthardt says Yosef left tracks in the snow when he jumped. Officers say they were following the snow trail when they received a 911 call from a man in the vicinity saying he'd broken his leg.  Read: Business Owner Takes Matters Into Her Own Hands, Catching Would-Be Burglar at Gunpoint: Cops Responding officers matched the identity of the caller to the burglary suspect. Gatthhardt says Yosef will be charged after his release from the hospital, according to reports.  Watch: Burglar Caught On Surveillance Stealing From Store In A Dance Leotard: Cops Related Articles: Animal Shelter Wants Elderly Dog to Get Adopted Before He Dies of Kidney Failure Woman With Down Syndrome Makes Television Debut as Meteorologist Girl Snaps Eerie Photo of 'Ghost Man' Standing Next to Her Brother Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Donald Trump Jr sparks storm over terror comments made by London Mayor Sadiq Khan 2261 messages4%61%35% The Wraith Black Badge sets a new standard for Rolls-Royce 6 messages0%75%25% London terror attack: Watch the moment three shots were fired after attacker stabbed police officer 2472 messages5%66%29% Attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London 336 messages5%69%26% Intelligence committee chair reignites wiretapping scandal 12 messages0%67%33% Texas Teacher, 27, Accused of Improper Relationship with 17-Year-Old Male Student 1933 messages7%74%19% Sophie Simmons Calls Katey Sagal ‘Low’ for Revealing Dad Gene’s Affair 2423 messages3%82%15% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have beauty products 1 messages0%50%50% Photos of the day - March 22, 2017 22 messages3%81%16% Now you can use Facebook Livestream from your desktop Aaron Rodgers' Green Bay house is for sale, and you might even be able to afford it! 170 messages5%82%13% 8 arrested over 'sick' terror attack in London that killed 4, including attacker 1189 messages3%69%28% Val Kilmer’s Twitter Feed Is a Hidden Gem of Bizarre, Star-Studded Stories 114 messages14%72%14% Drones all around — Unmanned aircraft take on various roles 124 messages2%77%21% A new twist on the classic 'Wizard of Oz' tale 3 messages0%50%50% A teen made a website where kittens punch Trump. So, Trump unleashed his lawyers. 8068 messages5%59%36% Starbucks investor booed while questioning decision to hire 10,000 refugees Steve: So Starbucks discriminates. Nice knowing they dislike American's. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 368
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 01 45 PM IST Narendra Modi said to mull luring foreign retail for Make in India push Narendra Modi’s government is considering easing rules for foreign retailers if they agree to sell more locally produced goods, according to an official with knowledge of the matter. Subscribe to our newsletter. Shruti Srivastava India’s department of industrial policy and promotion is considering allowing 100% FDI in products which carry the Made-in-India label, says an official. Photo: Hindustan Times New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government is considering easing rules for foreign retailers if they agree to sell more locally produced goods, according to an official with knowledge of the matter. Global companies with a permit to sell local food items — Amazon.com Inc. is reported to have applied for a license — may also be allowed to market made-in-India non-food products such as toothpaste and towels worth about 25% of total sales, the official said, asking not to be identified citing rules on speaking to the media. India may also allow more foreign direct investment (FDI) in multibrand retail if companies such as Wal-mart Stores Inc. and Carrefour SA agree to stock only local products. While India already offers 100% ownership in food and 51% in multibrand retail, there are few takers due to strict rules including those that require companies to put half their investment into warehouses and other back-end infrastructure. Retail is a sensitive subject in India, and tough opposition to slash rules comes from within Modi’s Bharatiya Janata Party because its traditional support base has been small traders. This month’s broad, decisive win in state polls can embolden Modi to overlook some of this opposition as he struggles to create jobs before national elections in 2019. While India is dotted with mom-and-pop stores that employ local residents, these jobs aren’t well paying and don’t offer the insurance and leave benefits that typically accompany a formal employment contract. Make-in-India The proposals can also help Modi’s flagship Make-in-India campaign to boost local manufacturing. While India attracted $324 billion foreign direct investment from 2000 through the end of 2016, the biggest share of $58 billion has gone to services and only about $14 billion has come into trading. About 44% of India’s $620 billion retail market comprises food and grocery items, said Arvind Singhal, chairman at consultancy firm Technopak Advisors Pvt. While the sector has been growing by 12 percent each year, foreign companies are staying away because the government’s policies are too restrictive or confusing, he said. India’s department of industrial policy and promotion is considering allowing 100% FDI in products which carry the Made-in-India label, the official said. An external company handling media relations for Amazon didn’t immediately comment on a report that Amazon has sought a food retail license. JP Mattu, spokeswoman of the commerce and industry ministry, didn’t answer calls to her mobile phone on Friday. Bloomberg Shruti Srivastava Topics: Narendra Modi Foreign Retail Make in India FDI Locally Produced Goods More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying First Published: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 01 44 PM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows India’s current account deficit widens to $7.9 billion in Oct-Dec quarter: RBI Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Thursday, March 23, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News ‘We Are Not Afraid,’ British Leader Says ISIS Claims Attack That Killed Three; Eight Are Arrested By DAN BILEFSKY, STEPHEN CASTLE and PRASHANT S. RAO 7:23 AM ET Prime Minister Theresa May described the assailant in Wednesday’s attack in London as British-born. She said Britain’s domestic intelligence agency had investigated him for ties to violent extremism. Terror Attack Strikes Heart of London By KATRIN BENNHOLD and STEPHEN CASTLE After ramming his vehicle into dozens of pedestrians, the suspect ran toward Parliament, where he fatally stabbed a police officer. At least 40 people were injured.  Comments Donald Trump Jr. Criticizes London Mayor After Attack The driver crashed the vehicle and was later killed by police. BIG BEN Direction of vehicle The bridge leads to buildings where members of Parliament were gathered. Many were wounded, and at least three were killed. A driver mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London. Direction of vehicle Composite image by The New York Times based on aerial footage by CNN Following the Path of the Attack By JOSH KELLER, ANJALI SINGHVI and K.K. REBECCA LAI An aerial view of the scene in London after a driver plowed through pedestrians and crashed outside Parliament. 1:24 May Says ‘Resolve Will Never Waver’ By REUTERS What We Know and What We Don’t Know Developments, and remaining questions, in the attack. Tributes Pour In for Constable Stabbed to Death By GERRY MULLANY Information also started to emerge about some of the injured. The 45th President House Republicans Search for Votes to Repeal Obamacare By THOMAS KAPLAN and ROBERT PEAR 7:15 AM ET Leading Republican representatives will meet with all members of their party at the Capitol on Thursday before a full vote on their shifting health care proposal. Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Covering Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Health Bill Teeters as Fence-Sitters Face Pressure From Party How House Republicans Are Planning to Vote Spies ‘Incidentally’ Heard Trump Team, House Leader Says By MATTHEW ROSENBERG, ADAM GOLDMAN and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN Monitoring described by the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee would have been targeted at foreign officials, not specific members of the Trump transition. In Greeting to Iran, Trump Leaves Out Their Government By MARK LANDLER 5:00 AM ET The White House sent out a greeting to the Iranian people for Nowruz, the Persian New Year. Hard-liners stripped it of references to engaging with the country’s government.  Comments Gorsuch Completes a 20-Hour Test. So How Did He Do? By MATT FLEGENHEIMER, ADAM LIPTAK, CHARLIE SAVAGE and CARL HULSE 5:00 AM ET Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, the Supreme Court nominee, went through three days of hearings that left the Senate Judiciary Committee where it began. 1:43 Gorsuch Is an Originalist. What’s That? By NEETI UPADHYE and DAVE HORN Democrats Fail to Move Gorsuch Beyond Generalities Highlights From Day 3 The Daily 360 2:15 What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation David Maurice Smith for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Thursday Briefing By CHRIS STANFORD 7:40 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. New York Today: Spring Cleaning 5:55 AM California Today: Measuring the Snowpack From the Sky By MIKE McPHATE 8:49 AM ET A new way to measure the Sierra snow, the governor’s impassioned speech on health care, and readers on a controversial I.C.E. practice. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Republicans control the government. So why, as they head to a vote on the Republican health care plan, is the bill so disliked — and the party so divided? Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix When Decorating Styles Clash By MICHELLE HIGGINS For couples or roommates with different tastes, finding a happy compromise can be challenging. But it’s not impossible.  Comments Contributing Op-Ed Writer Depressed by Politics? Just Let Go By ARTHUR C. BROOKS Stop obsessively checking the latest news on Twitter, CNN and Facebook and you’ll be happier.  Comments Taliban Take a District That Many Marines Died to Keep By TAIMOOR SHAH and ROD NORDLAND 3:36 AM ET The yearslong offensive in Sangin, a district in southern Afghanistan, took the lives of more combatants than any other fight for territory in the country. From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow By MIKE McPHATE, DEREK WATKINS and JIM WILSON Using NASA data, we compared this year's snowpack in the Sierra Nevada with that of 2015, when the state was in the grip of drought. AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube By SAPNA MAHESHWARI and DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI Several companies said they planned the decision after their ads appeared alongside videos that promoted hate speech. Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Clippers’ ball-hawking guard has paid a price — multiple injuries to his fingers — for collecting more steals than any other active N.B.A. player. A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory By JENNIFER SCHUESSLER Kory Stamper reveals the secret life of dictionaries in her book “Word by Word,” and in a visit to headquarters (oddities in the basement included).  Comments John Mayer Knows He Messed Up. He Wants a Chance. By JOE COSCARELLI 5:00 AM ET After more than five years of self-imposed pop exile, this guitar virtuoso wants another blockbuster album. Then he hopes to settle down. Manhattan Killing Suspect Hated Black Men, Police Say By ASHLEY SOUTHALL James Harris Jackson, 28, a military veteran from Baltimore, was arrested in the fatal stabbing of a homeless man, the police say. More News Death on a Prison Bus as Safety Improvements Lag In Liability Case for Police Shootings, Court Shows Divide U.S. Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Title New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day North Korea Said to Be Investigated in $81 Million Cyberheist The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Best of Late Night: Colbert on a Sex Scandal The “Late Show” host fretted that he was spending so much time on President Trump, he didn’t have time for the most obvious material. 36 Hours in San Antonio Known for its 15-mile riverside promenade, which opened in 1941, the city offers a version of Texas that mixes traditional with innovative. ‘Love Actually’ Children, Grown Up and Reunited Thomas Brodie-Sangster, now more familiar from “Game of Thrones,” and Olivia Olson are taking part in a short film based on the original romantic comedy. The Opinion Pages Editorial President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Forcing local authorities to help round up unauthorized immigrants is wrong on both practical and constitutional grounds.  Comments Editorial: Predator Colleges May Thrive Again Blow: Birth of the Biggest Lie 3:21 AM ET Kristof: ‘There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air’ 3:21 AM ET A ‘Stand Your Ground’ Expansion That Expands Inequality 3:21 AM ET How Martin Schulz Could Beat Angela Merkel 5:14 AM ET What a Le Pen Win Would Look Like By MATTHEW J. GOODWIN 4:10 AM ET The National Front leader is a serious contender for the French presidency. What Does It Take to Climb Up the Ladder? By THOMAS B. EDSALL 3:21 AM ET Cognitive skills are important, but so are strengths that fall under the heading of what is sometimes called character.  Comments Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work How the Depressed Find Solace on Yik Yak 3:21 AM ET Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions ‘Highly Unusual’: The New Business as Usual? In the Heart of the Newsroom, a Nod to Journalists in Harm’s Way Times Insider » ‘Highly Unusual’: The New Business as Usual? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Baseball Japan’s Double Threat: A Tricky Path to the Majors Opinion Why Trump’s N.I.H. Cuts Should Worry Us Books Dissident Book Smuggled From North Korea Arts A Hong Kong Streetcar That Cuts Through Time Opinion Don’t Let the Anti-L.G.B.T. Bigots Win Travel Tulips, Windmills and Barnyard Animals Baseball Yankees’ 2nd Chance With Star Who Got Away Opinion ‘Cure’ Me? No, Thanks Art & Design Sculptor Robert Morris, at 86, Is Still Blazing Trails Opinion Op-Docs: How Does Life Live? Dance Ballerinas Step in New Dance Directions Hockey A Determined Champion for Women’s Hockey Sections World » Deadly Attack Near U.K. Parliament; Car Plows Victims on Westminster Bridge London Attack: What We Know and Don’t Know India’s ‘Phone Romeos’ Look for Ms. Right via Wrong Numbers Business Day » AT&T and Johnson & Johnson Pull Ads From YouTube Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises ‘Turkish Trump,’ a Hotel Plan and a Tangle of Foreign Ties Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Why Medicaid Work Requirements Won’t Work Editorial: President Trump’s Reckless Shame Game Frank Bruni: Tweeting Toward Oblivion U.S. » From the California Sky, Measuring All That Snow Death on a Prison Bus: Extradition Companies’ Safety Improvements Lag Eyeing Trump’s Budget Plan, Republican Governors Say ‘No, Thanks’ Technology » China Bets on Sensitive U.S. Start-Ups, Worrying the Pentagon State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. Airbnb’s Rivals in China Hold Hands in a Nervous New Market Arts » A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Fighting Words: Three Words We Love to Argue About Two Female Playwrights Arrive on Broadway. What Took So Long? Politics » House Republicans Search for Votes to Repeal Obamacare In Greeting to Iranian People, Trump Leaves Out Their Government This Commercial Break, Brought to You by Tax Policy Fashion & Style » This Artist Is Calvin Klein’s Latest Muse Now on Twitter: Chelsea Clinton, Unbound Critical Shopper: The Man Who Loathed Pajamas Movies » ‘Love Actually’ Youngsters, Grown Up and Reunited for a Short Sequel Review: ‘Wilson,’ With Woody Harrelson as a Misanthrope In a Surprise, the Overseas Movie Box Office Shows No Growth New York » New York Today: New York Today: Spring Cleaning Suspect in Manhattan Killing Hated Black Men, Police Say Records Leak in Eric Garner Case Renews Debate on Police Discipline Sports » United States 8, Puerto Rico 0: United States Beats Puerto Rico for First World Baseball Classic Title Chris Paul’s Fast Hands and Gruesome Fingers For Kansas Coach Bill Self, a Busy Year Keeping Players in Line Theater » Two Female Playwrights Arrive on Broadway. What Took So Long? Well, Hello, Dollys! His Idea for Fighting Terrorism? Funny Plays Science » Shaking Up the Dinosaur Family Tree A Scholarly Sting Operation Shines a Light on ‘Predatory’ Journals Matter: A New Form of Stem-Cell Engineering Raises Ethical Questions Obituaries » Dallas Green, Who Led the Phillies to Their First Title, Dies at 82 Skip Williamson, Underground Cartoonist, Dies at 72 George Weinberg Dies at 86; Coined ‘Homophobia’ After Seeing Fear of Gays Television » Review: From Ireland, a Rebounding Lawyer and a Crusading Journalist Selena Gomez (and Others) on Adapting ‘Thirteen Reasons Why’ for Netflix The Americans: ‘The Americans’ Season 5, Episode 3 Recap: More Than This Health » As Rivals Stand Silent, One Health Insurer Protests G.O.P. Plan New Vaccine Could Slow Disease That Kills 600 Children a Day Phys Ed: Should 15,000 Steps a Day Be Our New Exercise Target? Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in San Antonio What a Child Actually Sees On Vacation Essay: Security Lines and Flight Delays? This Kid’s in Paradise Books » Books of The Times: ‘Cork Dork’ Sniffs, Swills and Spits Through the World of Wine Experts A Journey Into the Merriam-Webster Word Factory Books of The Times: ‘The Death of Expertise’ Explores How Ignorance Became a Virtue Education » Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Where Halls of Ivy Meet Silicon Dreams, a New City Rises Mary Maples Dunn, Advocate of Women’s Colleges, Dies at 85 Food » The Death and Rebirth of the Duncan Grapefruit Her Memory Fading, Paula Wolfert Fights Back With Food Restaurant Review: Testing the Limits of Trust, and Sushi, at Sugarfish Sunday Review » On Campus: How Liberal Colleges Breed Conservative Firebrands Editorial: President Trump’s Wheezing Jobs Effort Frank Bruni: The Horror of Smug Liberals Real Estate » What You Get: $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois Exclusive: Greta Garbo’s East Side Co-op Goes on the Market Living In: Lenox Hill: A Neighborhood of Amenities The Upshot » Public Health: Late G.O.P. Proposal Could Mean Plans That Cover Aromatherapy but Not Chemotherapy Which Republicans Will Vote No? What 8 News Organizations Are Reporting Public Health: Is the G.O.P. Better Off Politically if the Health Bill Doesn’t Pass? Magazine » The Voyages Issue: In the Land of Giants The Voyages Issue: Why Does Mount Rushmore Exist? The Voyages Issue: An Improbable 6,000-Mile Boat Trip Around the East Coast Automobiles » China’s Taxes on Imported Cars Feed Trade Tensions With U.S. Driven: Video Review: Not-So-Standard Equipment on the Otherwise Standard Corolla State of the Art: Trump Says Regulations Impede. Perhaps Not in the Electric Car Business. T Magazine » An All-Gray Apartment That’s Not Blah — But Not Hygge Either Oversize Pearls — in Unusual Shapes and Sizes Cross-Fit Fashion Times Insider » She Was Asked to Leave, but One More Knock Got Her the Front Page Story The Swallowed Cigarette Butt and Other Legends of President Duterte What We’re Reading Real Estate » What You Get $1 Million Homes in Maryland, Florida and Illinois By VIVIAN MARINO An 1854 rowhouse in Baltimore; a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., home with a landscaped atrium; and a Victorian house in Chicago Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Big box stores gird… Big box stores gird for battle with Wisconsin cities By SCOTT BAUER and The Associated Press March 19, 2017 11:50 am 3 min read Share MADISON, Wis. (AP) — A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature. Republican-backed proposals, written in conjunction with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, are designed to close the so-called dark store loophole and increase how much the mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes. The bills come in reaction to court rulings in Wisconsin and nearby Midwestern states — starting in Michigan — that have helped the retail giants lower the value placed on their stores for levying property taxes. The retailers have successfully challenged their tax assessments in communities across Wisconsin, and the Midwest, by arguing they are overtaxed and should pay the same rate as a store that is closed and vacant. Earn 1 CPE credit and learn about the expansion of risk management in government with analysis from GAO and Justice OIG. Register now for the free webinar. That results in a shift of the property tax burden to smaller retail stores and property owners, said Jerry Deschane, executive director of the League of Municipalities. Advertisement “We just think that’s fundamentally unfair,” he said. “The bottom line with the property tax is it has to be uniform.” The cities will have to overcome opposition from the powerful state chamber of commerce and deep-pocketed retail giants that stand to lose millions from a change in current practice. Wisconsin Department of Revenue rules require that assessments be based on the fair market value of a property. The stores argue that the value of the underlying real estate should be determined by looking at comparable building sales, prices that usually fall far below the assessment of an operating store. Assessing the building as if it were empty has long been the standard in Wisconsin for determining its value, said Don Millis, a Madison attorney who has represented Target and other retailers in assessment challenges. Millis is also lobbying for the Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce against changes to the law. “You value the sticks, bricks and mud,” Millis said. Cities have been incorrectly assessing the property based on the potential lease value, he said. “We don’t think they’re being undervalued,” he said. “We think assessors are being overly aggressive.” But Republican state Sen. Duey Stroebel, who plans to introduce a bill next month addressing the issue, said the potential lease value of the property should be considered when valuing it for tax purposes. That is what the bill he and others are working on will do, he said. Millis warned that changing the law “could have long-term unintended consequences” affecting how all property is valued. Big box stores including Menards, Lowe’s and ShopKo have filed more than 20 lawsuits against Wisconsin municipalities in the past year challenging their property assessments. In one, Menards successfully argued last year that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $9.2 million should be no more than $5.2 million. A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third. The dilemma for small cities is that the cost of defending lawsuits can equal or exceed the amount of property tax revenue at play, so they are more inclined to settle than fight it, said Deschane, who’s with the League of Municipalities. Lawmakers in nearby states have had mixed success in tackling the issue. A proposal in Michigan that attempted to require the taxable value to be based on the highest and best use of a property failed to pass last year. But in Indiana, the Republican-controlled Legislature, along with then-Gov. Mike Pence, enacted legislation to block what opponents call a tax loophole. The Wisconsin bill is modeled after the Indiana law. ___ Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/scott-bauer . Topics: All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Big box stores gird… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
News Sports Entertainment Obits Jobs Cars Homes All Access E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive The Trump disciple vs. the 'illegals' Sunday Mar 19, 2017 at 9:58 AM This is what divides them at the dawn of the Trump era: for the president to keep his promise to millions of working-class white voters like Estes, he is threatening millions of working-class immigrants like the family next door. The Washington Post · Mary Jordan, Kevin Sullivan VALLEY VIEW, Tex. - At 4:30 a.m. on a windy Monday, Tamara Estes swallows vitamin B12 for energy and krill oil for her arthritic fingers. Even with her nightly Ambien, she is always up before the sun, getting ready for a job that reminds her of what infuriates her about America. She drives a school bus on a route that winds through a North Texas neighborhood filled with undocumented Mexicans. She picks up nearly 100 of their children and drops them off at public schools funded by American taxpayers. By her. One immigrant family lives in the house next door, and in the dark hours before dawn, they are also stirring. As the father leaves for his job at a construction site, the mother is scrambling eggs and scooping them into warm tortillas. They have been working in America for two decades without legal status, but their four children were born here, so they are U.S. citizens - or, as Estes and President Donald Trump call them, "anchor babies." The eldest, Rainier Corral, 15, emerges from his bedroom carrying a book bag and a trumpet case. He's a 188-pound rock of a kid who plays lineman on the high school football team, a top-notch student who wants to study mechanical engineering at Texas A&M. Rainier's family has always believed in the promise of America, where they saved enough to buy their own home and their kids go to good schools. But now that Trump is threatening to deport millions - and even change the law that gave their children U.S. citizenship - they are filled with fear. Estes, meanwhile, is filled with new hope. For years, she has felt she was living the American Dream in reverse, her life sliding backward, in part, she believes, because illegal immigrants take good jobs and drive up her taxes. Now she thinks her life will improve because Trump is promising to "take our country back." This is what divides them at the dawn of the Trump era: for the president to keep his promise to millions of working-class white voters like Estes, he is threatening millions of working-class immigrants like the family next door. - - - It's 20 miles to the school-bus depot and, as Estes drives, she flips on conservative talk radio, where she gets most of her news. She tunes to 660 AM and Mark Davis, a popular Texas talker, who is praising Trump, trashing liberals and making Estes nostalgic for better days. "I wish we could go back to a time when we could live, not just exist, when everything wasn't a struggle," she says. Estes is 59, divorced and earns $24,000 a year. With four days left to payday, she has $118.72 in her checking account. She earns a bit too much to qualify for most government assistance but too little to buy health insurance, with its high monthly premiums and impossible deductibles. When she broke her arm last year, she wrapped it in a $15 drugstore brace and popped ibuprofen for a month. The way she sees it, life is easier for illegal Mexican immigrants than for taxpaying, working-class white Americans. As her life has gotten harder, she believes the fortunes of "illegals" have been rising, and that she's paying for it. Little galls her more than "anchor babies," who are entitled to government benefits, including Medicaid, public schools and food assistance. Estes resents paying for their safety net when she feels she has none. "I can't seem to pull my status back up where it was 20 years ago," she says. "Some of it's my fault. Some of it's not." The United States has been granting "birthright citizenship" to babies born on its soil, regardless of their parents' legal status, since just after the Civil War. Congress and the states adopted the 14th Amendment to the Constitution in 1868, primarily to guarantee citizenship to freed slaves. Over the past three decades, every other developed economy in the world except Canada has abandoned or restricted birthright citizenship amid rising flows of immigrants and refugees. But in America, it remains commonplace. In 2014, 7 percent of all U.S. births - about 275,000 babies - were to parents illegally in the United States, according to the nonpartisan Pew Research Center. In Texas, undocumented immigrants accounted for a quarter of all deliveries paid for by Medicaid in 2015 - more than 54,000 babies - according to the Texas Health and Human Services Commission. The cost to taxpayers: $116 million. Defenders of birthright citizenship say integrating immigrants is part of what makes the United States exceptional, and that denying these babies citizenship would create a huge new underclass of people living outside the law. Critics say it encourages illegal immigration and drains public resources. Estes was delighted when Trump attacked birthright citizenship during the campaign, saying: "A woman gets pregnant. She's nine months, she walks across the border, she has the baby in the United States, and we take care of the baby for 85 years. I don't think so." Polls show that the vast majority of Americans oppose mass deportations, but Trump's core supporters are solidly for it: According to a recent CNN/Kaiser poll, 55 percent of whites without college degrees said they want everyone living in the country illegally to be deported. Everywhere Estes looks, she's reminded that her country is changing. White enrollment in Texas schools recently dipped below 30 percent. Hispanics are the new majority; Pew estimates that more than 13 percent of Texas students are the children of undocumented parents. Estes wants a better-paying job but says it's hard to get one these days if you speak only English. Increasingly, the first question in any job interview is, "Habla español?" So when Trump started talking about deporting illegal immigrants who "compete directly against vulnerable American workers," Estes went to his rallies and stuck a Trump sign on her lawn. She has come to be known as the "Trump Lady" on her school bus, which on this Monday morning approaches its first rider, a tiny kindergartner bundled in a gray parka and wearing a purple backpack. "Love you!" the little girl says in English to her Spanish-speaking mother. For two hours, Estes picks up dozens of children. They chatter in the seats behind her in Spanish, a language she doesn't understand. She boils inside about her tax dollars paying for their education. But she likes the kids, and she can't afford to lose this job. So she smiles and says, over and over: "Careful on the stairs." "Have a good day, y'all." - - - As Estes heads to work, Rainier is in the kitchen next door, checking his phone for news. "Quieres café?" his mother, Azucena Reyes, 34, asks him, as she stirs eggs on the stove. "No, thanks," he says in English, waving off coffee to check the Young Turks news site on YouTube, where today's headline is: "Trump's Deportation Force Unleashed." Rainier was born four months after Reyes, then 18, entered the United States on a tourist visa hoping to give her child a better life than the one he would have faced in her poor mining town in Durango, Mexico. He has always felt fully American, no different from his white classmates. But now, in this county that voted 83 percent for Trump, he suddenly hears people spitting out: "Go back to your own country," or "Go mow a lawn." Rumors about deportations are flying. Reyes heard from a friend that immigration agents were arresting people at Walmart. Others say it was at a different store. Or at roadblocks. The family stays home more often now but still went to church yesterday, joining 1,400 others at a Spanish-language Catholic Mass. Their pastor says many more are choosing to skip Mass, worried that federal agents might stake out the church. Reyes is worried, too, but said she and her family agreed to be interviewed for this story because they want people to better understand the immigrants who are being threatened with deportation. Amid so much "uncertainty and fear," she says, "I hope we can do some good." What's happening now doesn't seem fair to Rainier. Americans hire the undocumented to build their houses, pick their crops, mow their lawns, wash their dishes. They're happy to take the hard, low-paying jobs nobody else wants. In return, they'd like to live without fear of being deported. Rainier says families like his are being targeted for problems they have not created. "Most of them are just normal people that are trying to get a better way of life," Rainier says. "It's one thing to deport people who have criminal records - that's fine. It's another thing to deport families that haven't done anything wrong." Trump has argued that undocumented immigrants take jobs from American workers, depress wages and overburden government services. Studies have partially confirmed that view, at least in the short term. Last year, an exhaustive study by the respected National Academies of Sciences found that undocumented workers can temporarily depress wages slightly for the lowest category of unskilled jobs. But the study found "little to no negative effects on overall wages and employment of native-born workers in the longer term." The same study said that newly arrived immigrants are a net cost to taxpayers, primarily due to the expense of educating their children. But those children, and their children after them, more than make up for it, contributing far more in taxes to state and local governments than they take in services. Most economists do not blame illegal immigrants for the decline of the U.S. working class. They argue that immigrants boost the nation's fortunes by filling undesirable jobs at low pay, cutting the cost of many goods and services. Rainier's parents have worked for years cleaning homes, working in a glue factory, installing bathroom partitions, nailing baseboards. Four years ago, they pooled their life savings to buy their little house, paying $40,000 in cash at a foreclosure sale. They now pay $1,700 a year in property tax. They file federal returns on income of about $30,000 in a good year, including withholdings for Social Security and Medicare - benefits they are unlikely ever to receive. Nationwide, undocumented immigrants pay about $11.7 billion a year in state and local income, sales and property taxes, including about $1.5 billion in Texas, according to the nonpartisan Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. And more than 4 million people who do not have Social Security numbers - most of them undocumented immigrants - file federal tax returns using Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers issued by the Internal Revenue Service. Rainier's family has been trying for two decades to become legal. Since 1997, his father, Nicolas Nevarez, 38, has had an application pending for a resident visa through his father, an undocumented worker granted U.S. citizenship under Ronald Reagan's 1986 amnesty program. Last year, the United States issued only 801 visas in his category - a Mexican married adult child of a U.S. citizen - out of a waiting list of more than 204,000. His lawyer tells him to be patient. "I'm trying to do everything right," Nevarez says. "But 20 years?" Nevarez and Reyes have no health insurance and constantly worry about getting sick, although their children are eligible for Medicaid. When Rainier needed knee surgery last year, it was fully covered. Rainier's parents tell him valora la oportunidad - appreciate the opportunity he has in America - and he does. But he has no idea how he will pay for college, so he is thinking that right after high school he will enlist in the U.S. Army. "It's my country and I want to serve," he says, as he picks up his trumpet case and backpack and heads off to school. - - - After finishing her morning route, Estes parks her yellow school bus and clocks out. It's 9 a.m. Her afternoon shift starts at 2:30. It would take too much gas to drive home and back, so she waits in the parking lot, unpaid, in her Honda Fit. She eats a blueberry muffin out of a plastic bag and listens to the radio, where Mark Davis is praising Trump's first weeks in office. Estes thinks Trump is off to a great start. She wanted to high-five the new president when he said in his inaugural address, "The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer." She says it was as if Trump was speaking directly to her. Estes grew up in Dallas, in a grand home with a built-in pool. She even had her own horse. Her mother died when she was 4, so she lived with her father, a small-business owner who drove a red Thunderbird convertible. Then her father died when she was 19. She quickly married and, by 26, was divorced with two kids. She has worked a lifetime of jobs that have paid less and less. She was a scrub tech at a medical clinic, a courier carrying blueprints for a developer, a shuttle driver for a casino. Years ago, she moved an hour north of Dallas, where she could afford a tiny house on a two-acre plot carved from a vast expanse of wheat fields. Now she is almost 60, raised in upper-middle-class comfort and living in working-class stress. Estes regrets not going to college and becoming a veterinarian. On the radio, she hears that good jobs for people with only a high school diploma have been stolen by globalization and automation: China and robots. She knows that it may take Trump more time to bring those jobs back. But she's thrilled that he is moving on his promise to kick out the "illegals." "They'll be out of here so frickin' fast!" Trump said at a Dallas campaign rally in September 2015, as Estes and 20,000 others cheered. She's also grateful that a president is finally talking about "anchor babies." Most legal scholars say that revoking birthright citizenship would take another constitutional amendment, a complicated process that requires two-thirds approval of both chambers of Congress and ratification by three-quarters of the states. Trump, however, has suggested simply challenging the prevailing interpretation in court. "Some very, very good lawyers" believe children of undocumented immigrants "do not have American citizenship," he said during the campaign. In January, Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) reintroduced the Birthright Citizenship Act, which would grant citizenship to an infant only if at least one parent was a U.S. citizen, a lawful permanent resident or a noncitizen serving in the U.S. military. Some Texas officials have pursued a backdoor approach to cutting benefits to the children of undocumented parents by limiting the forms of parental identification they will accept when issuing birth certificates. Without a birth certificate, a child cannot prove citizenship and therefore has no access to government benefits. After Mexican and Central American parents sued in federal court, Texas officials agreed last year to accept more forms of identification, including Mexican voter ID cards - but only after more than 1,000 babies were denied birth certificates, said Jennifer Harbury, an attorney with Texas RioGrande Legal Aid. "The anti-immigrant faction is definitely emboldened," Harbury said. Sitting in her car, Estes switches over to 820 AM, where Rush Limbaugh is singing her tune. "Immigration is the primary reason Donald Trump was elected," he says. "These ICE raids - people are applauding them!" - - - By the time Estes finishes her route and arrives back home, the sun has already set. Her headlights splash across her little house, and her dogs start barking. She breeds Doberman pinschers for extra cash. Minutes later, Nevarez pulls into his driveway. The daily routines are similar in these two small, prefabricated houses on a flat road paved into the North Texas prairie. Both families raise chickens and dogs, work long days for little pay and pray for better at church on Sunday. In four years, the neighbors have barely spoken. Once, Nevarez and some other Mexican immigrants helped Estes dig a grave for one of her dogs. She seemed friendly enough. But then the Trump sign appeared on her lawn, and the distance between them grew. At the kitchen table, Rainier, fresh from track practice, devours four enchiladas. His father eats a few bites. He's tired and doesn't say much. He spent the day on a 30-foot ladder, hanging shutters on houses. His hair is flecked with sawdust. Next door, Estes is in her kitchen, too tired to cook. Sometimes she eats a few cheese cubes after her evening chores. But when she checks the fridge, there are none left. She sinks into her recliner. She says her opposition to "illegals" isn't personal. When she needs help around the house, she says, her Hispanic neighbors offer before "my white neighbors do." She doesn't want the kids on her bus to think she is heartless for supporting deportation raids. But she says something has to change. She flips on the TV. She has recorded eight hours of inauguration coverage on C-SPAN and a two-hour History Channel documentary on Trump, which she now starts watching. "They are losers! They are babies!" Trump is shouting. She laughs. He sure is entertaining. Trump's booming voice fills her small house: "The working class is going to strike back!" "Yes," Estes says. "Yes!" About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Subscriber Services All Access Subscribe Vacation Stops/Restarts Make a Payment Delivery Complaints E-Edition My Digital Account Newsroom News Tips News Editors Twitter Advertising About Our Advertising Display Ads Classified Ads Media Kit Digital Solutions Site Services FAQs Contact Us Find-N-Save Marketplace Cars Homes Jobs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. providencejournal.com ~ 75 Fountain St., Providence, RI 02902 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police & Fire Courts Government Education Health Economy Nation & World Shareable Databases Politics Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Boston Bruins College High School Auto Racing Business People In Business Markets New Businesses Opinion Editorials Columns Commentary Letters To The Editor Entertainment Lifestyle Food Mark Patinkin Music Things To Do TV Guide Calendar Obituaries More Weather Photos Videos Things To Do Race in R.I. Markets Lotteries Contests Calendar Branded Content Subscriber Contact Us E-Edition All Access Vacation Stops/Restarts Subscriber Services Subscribe My Digital Account Market Place Find-N-Save Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise with us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Two of our favorite U.S. heavyweights – The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) – are pushing forward with plans to put factories in China, positioning themselves to be winners in the part of the world where we’ll see the most growth in the decade to come. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Bill Ackman's Three Worst Investments of All Time [LIST] Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mCLnCK four  ×  4  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Bill Ackman's Three Worst Investments of All Time [LIST] Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mCLnCK  +  one  =  ten Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter no responses Wall Street Bill Ackman's Three Worst Investments of All Time [LIST] By Stark Merrifield, Associate Editor, Money Morning • March 17, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 7  ×  5  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Money manager Bill Ackman's hedge fund Pershing Square once boasted extraordinary returns. For instance, in 2014, the fund beat out the S&P 500 by a whopping 27%, with 40% gains. However, Pershing Square's returns are not what they use to be… Last year, the fund posted a negative return of 13.5%; in 2015, it returned negative 20.5%, significantly underperforming markets two years in a row. In fact, since the end of 2012, Pershing has returned 5.7% to investors, while the S&P 500 has skyrocketed 67.4%. Majorly contributing to Pershing's recent sagging returns is that three of Ackman's worst trades ever all happened over the past two years… Bill Ackman's Biggest Blunder No. 3: Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) In 2007, Ackman set up Pershing Square IV, a single-stock fund that invested $2 billion in Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) call options and other derivatives that year. The fund ended up losing 90% of that money after TGT shares plummeted 50% in 2009. At the time, Target's "expect more, pay less" slogan became half irrelevant as consumers began to shy away from the retailer in favor of Wal-Mart, which was cheaper and offered a wider food selection. In May 2009, Ackman said that Target's board was too "cozy" and "insular," and it lacked members with requisite retailing, credit card, and real estate backgrounds. In a letter to shareholders, Ackman said Target "has substantially underperformed its potential" due to the board. Don't Miss: Secret testing in New Mexico ghost town set to unleash $127 billion in new wealth. Read more… Ackman, who owned a 3% stake (24.8 million shares), fought to get on the board along with four other handpicked members. After months of public accusations on both sides, shareholders voted for board appointments on June 3, 2009. All incumbent directors were re-elected with at least 70% of the vote… In other words, Ackman's months-long campaign to take over fell flat as he and his hand-selected crew failed to make it on the board. Following the defeat, Ackman sold out of Target at an enormous loss. Shares traded at $70.14 before he first reported his stake; they closed at $51.52 when he announced he had sold his last share. Bill Ackman's Biggest Blunder No. 2: Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE: HLF) Who Is Bill Ackman? Bill Ackman: Fifty-year-old Ackman’s career began in 1992 when he and fellow Harvard graduate David P. Berkowtiz founded the investment firm Gotham Partners. The firm’s high-profile bid for Rockefeller Center in New York caused investors to flock to the firm, growing it to $500 million in assets. Then in 2004, with $54 million in personal funding, Ackman started Pershing Square Capital Management. Through Pershing, Ackman bought significant shares in companies like Wendy’s Co. (Nasdaq: WEN), Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT), Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE: CMG), and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. (NYSE: VRX). Today, Ackman is worth $1.4 billion and is No. 256 on the Forbes 400. Since May 2012, Ackman has maintained that Herbalife Ltd.'s (NYSE: HLF) business structure resembles a pyramid scheme and the company is destined for a major collapse. Later that year, on Dec. 19, news broke on CNBC that Ackman had taken a massive $1 billion short position against Herbalife. Two years later, it looked as though Ackman's bet was going to pay off… In 2014, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) opened a probe into Herbalife's business model on Ackman's allegations the company operated like a pyramid scheme. Must Read: What is a Ponzi scheme? Click here for our infographic… But after two years of investigations, the FTC did not find that Herbalife was acting as a pyramid scheme. The determination sent HLF shares up sharply by 18% on July 15, 2016 — the day of the FTC announcement. Fortune estimated on Jan. 30, 2017, that Ackman may have shorted more than 20 million shares of Herbalife stock. Its calculations suggest Ackman may have lost about $500 million on his short bet. However, $500 million lost on a short gone wrong will look like chump change compared to Ackman's next bet, which may go down as one of the worst in Wall Street history… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Bill Ackman Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website nine  −   =  4 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 22, 2017 By Keith Fitz-Gerald Leave a Comment How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) March 22, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote March 22, 2017 By Ashley Moore Leave a Comment The Biggest Myth About Funding Social Security Today Trending Posts 10650 Reads 67 Likes Top Marijuana Stock to Watch This Week (March 20) There's a marijuana stock every investor needs on their radar this week. Here's what you need to know... 5799 Reads 134 Likes Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? The Ethereum price is rising partly because of the hard fork crisis in the Bitcoin community. But the price of Ethereum was bound to rise anyway. Here's why... Today's Markets DJIA -6.71 (0.03%) 20,661.30 NASDAQ 27.81 (0.48%) 5,821.64 S&P 4.43 (0.19%) 2,348.45 HLF 0.07 (0.13%) 55.86 TGT 0.19 (0.36%) 53.58 VRX 0.01 (0.09%) 10.71 WEN 0.25 (1.90%) 13.40 CMG 8.79 (2.16%) 416.31 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Today is Thursday March 23, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertiser Directory    •    Site Map Advertisement Advertisement Harrison County Jail Inmate Dies Posted/updated on: March 20, 2017 at 11:47 am Print Friendly MARSHALL – An inmate has been found dead in the Harrison County Jail. The woman was found unresponsive in her jail cell shortly before 11:45 Friday night. She had been arrested around 4:00 Friday afternoon at Walmart for shoplifting and possession of drug paraphernalia. She called her husband around 7:45pm and was returned to her cell. She was found unresponsive in her cell about four hours later. Jail personnel and EMS were unable to revive her. Her name has not been released at this time. Harrison County Investigators and Texas Rangers are investigating the death. Go Back Harrison County Jail Inmate Dies Posted/updated on: March 20, 2017 at 11:47 am Print Friendly MARSHALL – An inmate has been found dead in the Harrison County Jail. The woman was found unresponsive in her jail cell shortly before 11:45 Friday night. She had been arrested around 4:00 Friday afternoon at Walmart for shoplifting and possession of drug paraphernalia. She called her husband around 7:45pm and was returned to her cell. She was found unresponsive in her cell about four hours later. Jail personnel and EMS were unable to revive her. Her name has not been released at this time. Harrison County Investigators and Texas Rangers are investigating the death. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
Enter to win – Sugar Sand VIP Getaway! News Markeith Loyd News Special prosecutor Brad King weighing evidence in Markeith Loyd case State Attorney Ayala's stance against the death penalty continues to have an impact - Orlando News Now The day after State Attorney Aramis Ayala revealed she would not seek the death penalty for Markeith Loyd or anyone else, the impact of this decision continues to be discussed across many cases. The day after State Attorney Aramis Ayala revealed she would not seek the death penalty for Markeith Loyd or anyone else, the impact of this decision continues to be discussed across many cases. Rene Stutzman and Gal Tziperman LotanContact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Special prosecutor Brad King said Friday that he has not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty against accused Orlando cop killer Markeith Loyd. On Thursday, Gov. Rick Scott took that case away from Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala hours after she announced that she would not seek the death penalty against Loyd or anyone else. After Scott signed that executive order, handing the case to King, Ayala said she would cooperate fully with the hand-off. I make every decision in my circuit whether we seek the death penalty or not. ... I don’t have all of the facts yet to make a full decision. — Special prosecutor and Fifth Circuit State's Attorney Brad King And she has, King said. He talked to her chief assistant, Deborah Barra, Friday morning. “They have been fully cooperative and gracious and willing to do whatever they can do to help the transition work smoothly,” he said. King, a longtime advocate of the death penalty, is the elected state attorney in the Fifth Judicial Circuit, which includes Lake County. An Orange County grand jury indicted Loyd in two murder cases: that of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton and that of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. King said he and his chief deputy, Ric Ridgway, would handle both. He has not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty in the Clayton or Dixon cases, he said. That’s because he has not been able to review the evidence and determine whether there are enough “aggravating” factors to prompt a jury to recommend it. “I’ll tell you how I proceed … I sit with the homicide prosecutors assigned to the case,” King said. “We go over the facts as they relate to those aggravating factors that are set forth in the statute. We determine if any or how many of those can be proven … That’s how I will do it. I don’t have all of the facts yet to make a full decision.” Police say Loyd shot and killed Clayton Jan. 9 in a Wal-Mart parking lot. He is also accused of murdering Dixon at her Orange County home on Dec. 13. A spokesman for Gov. Rick Scott did not say Friday whether he would appoint King or anyone else to handle other murder cases in which he favored the death penalty in Orange and Osceola counties. King said Scott had not discussed that possibility with him. “I will do as I am asked,” he said It was not clear Friday what would happen to Orange and Osceola County death penalty cases in which an appeals court throws out the sentence. There are at least 10 defendants for whom that is likely to happen. They are in addition to six murder cases that have not yet come to trial in which Ayala’s office had earlier said she would seek the death penalty. If Ayala follows through with her pledge, their sentences will be reduced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Typically, the state attorney would prepare for a new sentencing hearing and ask a new jury to recommend the death penalty. Those convicted killers include John Huggins, convicted of murdering Carla Larson, an engineer who was abducted from a Publix near Walt Disney World in 1997, and strangled; and Jermaine “Bugsy” Lebron, convicted of murdering a 22-year-old Belle Isle man in Osceola County in 1995 so he could steal the man’s red pickup. Attorney General Pam Bondi handles death row appeals for all 20 of Florida’s state attorneys. Bondi’s press secretary, Kylie Mason, gave no indication Friday what Bondi would do now about those 10 cases. The other 19 state attorneys on Friday told The News Service of Florida that they will seek the death penalty in appropriate cases. King, 59, of Ocala, is likely best remembered by Orando-area residents as the special prosecutor who in 2005 convinced an Orange County grand jury to indict Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer on charges related to voter fraud, then six weeks later dropped the charges, saying they were unfounded. He’s a former Marion County deputy who has served as state attorney for 28 years. King was lead prosecutor in the case of Richard Henyard, who was executed seven years ago for abducting Dorothy Reid Lewis from a Winn-Dixie store in Eustis where she and her two daughters had gone shopping in 1993. Henyard fatally shot Lewis’ 3- and 6-year-old daughters then raped and shot Reid and left her for dead. King sought and won the death penalty although Lewis opposed it. He also was the lead prosecutor in the case of vampire murderer Rod Ferrell, who in 1996, when he was 16, shot and killed a Eustis couple then fled to Louisiana with their daughter. Ferrell is serving a life sentence. King said he had no concerns about Loyd’s bizarre courtroom behavior. Since his arrest Jan. 17, Loyd has, at times, refused to enter the courtroom; gone on long, profane rants; refused to enter a plea and refused the appointment of an attorney. “There are cases that outline what’s appropriate and how to deal with those kinds of people,” King said. “I assume the judge will just follow the law and do what needs to be done.” Loyd is to appear in court Monday before Chief Judge Frederick Lauten for a status hearing. King indicated he or a co-worker would be there and pick up the case file from Ayala’s staff then. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com, glotan@orlandosentinel.com Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption Governor Rick Scott on removing Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Caption 17-year-old shot and killed outside LUX nightclub on I-Drive Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Caption OPD, city leaders dedicate new Orlando police headquarters Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Caption A man tries to abduct a girl in an Osceola Wal-Mart parking lot Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Homicide Orange County Markeith Loyd Pam Bondi Buddy Dyer Rick Scott All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Front & Center: The long and fulfilling days of Addison Pemberton, president of Liberty Lake manufacturer Scanivalve SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 2017, 5 A.M. By Michael Guilfoil For The Spokesman-Review Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Five facts Business started: 1955 Employees: 42 Products: intelligent pressure and temperature scanning equipment for aerospace research and development Clients: Pratt & Whitney, General Electric, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell More information: www.scanivalve.com, (509) 891-9970 Addison Pemberton keeps one foot firmly in the future, the other planted in the past. By day he is president and co-owner of Scanivalve, a Liberty Lake manufacturer of sophisticated pressure instrumentation used in wind tunnels to measure the aerodynamics of aircraft, cars, bridges and skyscrapers. At night, he and a cohort of volunteers painstakingly restore vintage airplanes, including an iconic 1942 twin-engine Grumman Goose that hasn’t flown in decades … but may next month. During a recent interview at one of his two Felts Field hangars, Pemberton discussed dropping out of college, ice cream and how he got the name Addison. S-R: Where did you grow up? Pemberton: San Diego. S-R: What was your favorite class in high school? Pemberton: Physics. S-R: How about extracurricular activities? Pemberton: When not at school, I spent all my waking hours either learning to fly or working at Scanivalve, my parents’ business. I started doing machine work there with my brother when I was 12. By high school I was making three bucks an hour – enough to buy all the aviation gas I could burn. S-R: Did you assume you’d go into the family business? Pemberton: I did. My dad and I spent hours in the lab together and really bonded. S-R: What’s one lesson that stuck? Pemberton: Any technical or life problem you have, you can approach someone of consequence. For instance, when we read about (Paul) MacCready’s human-powered Gossamer Albatross in Popular Science we were fascinated, and my dad said, “Let’s call this guy. He lives in Bakersfield.” So we called him up, flew to Bakersfield the next weekend, and became lifelong friends. Another time we contacted an inventor in Germany, went to visit him, and his son ended up living with us for a year. Try to get the best gunfighter you can get, because they’re usually approachable. S-R: Are you the best gunfighter for somebody? Pemberton: Everybody has their niche, including me. One of the biggest privileges I have at Scanivalve is the technical interchange with customers. Quite often I’ll send them to a competitor, because they’re trying to overbuy. My stuff is very fast and accurate but expensive, and all they need is a Walmart-type solution. S-R: Where did you go to college? Pemberton: Initially two private Christian schools, and ended up at San Diego State. But I never graduated. I was 24 and one semester shy of a degree in mechanical engineering when Scanivalve found itself in a desperate state. We were transitioning from a smoky machine shop to an electronic company, I was working 80 hours a week, and suddenly our machine shop manager quit. My parents were overseas, so I left school to help run the business with my brother Jim. Those were crazy years. S-R: Is he still involved? Pemberton: Yes, we’re co-owners and business partners. Jim is the money guy, and I’m the technical guy. S-R: Besides morphing from analog to digital, how has the company evolved during the past 35 years? Pemberton: We’ve grown. We had 90 people at one time, but were very labor-intensive. Today we have eight CNC machine centers, each doing the work of 10 people. We farm more stuff out than we ever did, because we don’t want to be over 50 people. Annual revenue is around $7 million. S-R: What have been some best and worst times? Pemberton: The early ’80s were the worst. What saved our necks was being able to store-buy a PC in 1985 that would interface with my analog equipment. S-R: And the best time? Pemberton: The ’90s. Digital turned out to be quite lucrative. Then 9/11 hit us hard. The aerospace market evaporated for about two years. But that pushed us into wind engineering – the aerodynamic study of buildings and bridges – and turbine performance testing for power plants. S-R: How about today? Pemberton: These are trying times for small businesses. We do more paperwork than we ever did. S-R: How many other manufactures do what you do? Pemberton: Two. One in Virginia and one in Massachusetts. S-R: Why did you relocate your company from San Diego to Spokane in 1995? Pemberton: I wanted to leave California, which had become very restrictive and expensive, with too many dang people. S-R: Why did you choose Spokane? Pemberton: We could have been anywhere in the world. We looked at six small West Coast cities, including Bend, Oregon. We wanted to live where it was pretty, and Spokane offered the infrastructure we needed. I’d been here repeatedly in the late ’70s, because when I was in college I ferried airplanes to Alaska every summer, and the weather was always better on this side of the Cascades. S-R: What’s a typical day for you? Pemberton: I start my morning at 8, meeting with all my engineers to set priorities. Then I spend most of the day responding to emails – drafting quotes, providing technical support – or talking on the phone. People today expect instant answers. By late afternoon, things usually slow down enough that I can get out on the production floor and look at stuff. Then I come to the hangar, where my wife has dinner prepared, and we spend the evening restoring vintage aircraft. When I get home around 11:30 or midnight, I read all my new emails so I know what I’m going to get hit with the next morning – problems or orders from all over the world. S-R: What do you like most about your job? Pemberton: The people I work with. S-R: What do you like least? Pemberton: Government bureaucracy. S-R: What’s been the biggest surprise? Pemberton: That we’ve been able to keep reinventing ourselves and stay competitive. S-R: How do you market your testing equipment? Pemberton: Web, trade shows, some magazines, and I have 13 international distributors. But a lot of it is word of mouth – Scanivalve is the Frigidaire of high-speed pressure instrumentation. S-R: What qualities do you look for in job candidates? Pemberton: Whether their hobbies are technical. Do they work on their own car? What projects did they enjoy in college? I’ve been very impressed with the quality of candidates we’re getting from Eastern – particularly someone who gets his degree when he’s married, has kids and is holding down a full-time job. That guy has hustle. S-R: Do you have many women applicants? Pemberton: Not for engineering positions. But I work with lot of women in this industry who are very, very capable. S-R: When did your passion for vintage airplanes begin? Pemberton: I’ve enjoyed aircraft since I was little. My dad bought an airplane when I was 8. That plane was 21 years old, but airplanes last forever. I have seven – from a Piper Super Cub to the Grumman Goose – and the newest one was built in 1961. S-R: Where did you get the amphibious Goose? Pemberton: From the Palm Springs Air Museum. It was never going to fly again. But after putting 8,000 hours into restoration, we hope to fly it next month. Most pilots would agree it’s one of the coolest airplanes ever built. S-R: What appeals to you about restoring vintage aircraft? Pemberton: The technology, and the diversity of character. If you go to a parking lot today, you can’t tell a Rav 4 from a Rogue – they all look the same. But every one of these airplanes has a very distinct character. S-R: When you finish restoring a vintage plane, is it a shell surrounding modern technology, or an old aircraft with a few upgrades? Pemberton: Structurally it’s accurate. The engines are later dash numbers, and we use newer avionics and alternators and backup power. But they fly just like they did. They’re still a piece of history. I have a Model 40 – the oldest functioning Boeing of any kind in the world. When I flew it around the country, some people drove 300 miles to see it. S-R: How many flight hours have you logged? Pemberton: More than 12,000. S-R: Have you ever crashed? Pemberton: No. I’ve had engines quit and ended up in a field, but I’ve never destroyed an airplane. S-R: You work from 8 in the morning to midnight. That sounds like two full-time jobs. Pemberton: And I’ve been doing it for 40 years. But it beats going home and sitting in front of the television. S-R: What’s atop your bucket list? Pemberton: I want to take the Goose to the Arctic Circle, and teach my five grandkids to fly. S-R: Do you have a secret talent? Pemberton: I have a knack for organizing people. S-R: Any guilty pleasures? Pemberton: Ice cream is my biggest vice. S-R: What would you change about yourself? Pemberton: I’d lose 30 pounds. S-R: How do you relax? Pemberton: Restoring vintage aircraft. The thing about Scanivalve is that the challenges are rewarding, but slow coming – it takes years to develop something. At the hangar, I can bend a piece of metal, reproduce a part, and I feel like I’ve accomplished something. Instant reward at night, long-time reward at Scanivalve. S-R: By the way, what’s the story behind your name? Pemberton: I tell people my mother couldn’t think of what to call me, so when she added a son to the family, she called me “Addison.” But actually I’m named after my grandfather. Writer Michael Guilfoil can be contacted at mguilfoil@comcast.net. Published: March 19, 2017, 5 a.m.  Tags: Addison Pemberton, business, Front & Center, Grumman Goose, Liberty Lake, Scanivalve Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Las Vegas Sun March 23, 2017 Currently: 53° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World HS sports awards nomination Newsletter signup 0 Casino promotions: March 19-25 By Sun Staff (contact) Sunday, March 19, 2017 | 2 a.m. TUSCANY Point multiplier Date: Mondays and Saturdays in March Information: Earn 12x points on reels and video reels and 6x points on video poker. • • • Mystery multiplier Date: Wednesdays in March Information: Earn up to 5x points. • • • Thank You Seniors Thursdays Date: Thursdays in March Information: Players who are 50 and older are eligible for slot tournaments, discounts and more. • • • Cards to Cash Hi-Low Drawings Date: Fridays in March Time: 7 p.m. Information: Win up to $3,000. • • • Gift giveaways Date: Sundays in March Information: Earn 300 same-day points to receive a gift. On March 19, it’s a Bluetooth key finder. • • • LUCKY DRAGON Lucky Wednesdays Date: Wednesdays in March Information: On March 22, earn 10 points to receive a water bottle. Loyalty card required. • • • Point multiplier Date: Tuesdays and Thursdays in March Information: Earn 5x points. • • • SILVER SEVENS Swipe and Win Date: Sundays in March Information: Earn 100 same-day base points to play kiosk game and win up to $100 in play. • • • Gift giveaway Date: Mondays in March Time: 2-6 p.m. Information: Earn 1,000 same-day base points to receive a gift. On March 20, it’s a coloring kit. On March 27, it’s a microwave-safe cooker. • • • $50,000 Pass Go, Park Free Camaro and slot play giveaway Date: Fridays and Saturdays through April 30 Time: 8 p.m. Information: Top prize is a 2017 Camaro. Swipe card at kiosk to receive drawing and point multipliers on Tuesdays and Thursdays. • • • Slow cooker giveaway Date: March 25 Time: Noon-6 p.m. Information: Earn 1,000 points to receive a three-quart slow cooker. • • • SUNCOAST $44,000 Lucky Clover cash drawings Date: Tuesdays in March Time: 6:15 p.m. Information: Ten people will be selected to play the game and win up to $500, with the chance to double a prize. • • • Point multipliers Date: Mondays in March Information: Receive 11x points on reels and 6x points on video poker. • • • $80,000 Pot of Gold kiosk game and drawing Date: Fridays and Saturdays in March Time: 8 a.m.-8 p.m. Information: On Fridays, earn 25 points and swipe your card to play the kiosk game to earn entries into the 6:15 and 8:15 p.m. Saturday drawings. Ten players will be selected at each drawing to win up to $1,000. • • • SAM’S TOWN Gambling tournaments Date: March Information: Every Sunday, participate in a blackjack tournament; $25 entry fee. On Mondays, earn 50 points to participate in $2,500 video poker showdown; on Tuesdays, earn 50 points to enter the Sam’s Town Slot Showdown. Sam’s Town is offering $1,000 dice tournaments March 24 and 25. Play for 10 hours until the first day of the tournament to qualify, then enter for $25. • • • ORLEANS Lucky Cash drawings Date: Saturdays in March Time: Hourly, 1-6 p.m. Information: Ten names will be drawn. Win $200. • • • Ultimate X video poker tournament Date: Fridays in March Time: 1-7 p.m. Information: Earn 100 points for the first entry and 400 points more for the next entry. • • • CANNERY CASINOS Whirl into Winnings drawings (both locations) Date: Saturdays in March Information: Earn 100 base points to receive a drawing ticket. Win up to $2,000. • • • Cleaning Out the Closet giveaway (Craig Road location) Date: March 27 Information: Earn 250 base points to choose an item from giveaway inventory. • • • Table games promotions (both locations) Date: March Information: Players at table games can receive Walmart gift cards Mondays through Wednesdays. Win up to $200 in play during a hot seat giveaway offered at 3, 5, 7, and 9 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. • • • Gift giveaway (Craig Road location) Date: March Information: Earn 400 points on Thursdays to receive bedding. Earn 200 points on Wednesdays to receive a bottle of wine or vodka. Earn 300 points on Tuesdays to receive a reed diffuser; different scents available each week. • • • Bonus points (Eastside/Boulder Highway location) Date: Wednesdays in March Information: Earn 100 points on Wednesday to receive up to 1,000 bonus points. • • • ALIANTE Lucky Leprechauns kiosk game Date: Through March 30 Information: Be eligible to participate in a kiosk game by earning 20 slot points or playing a $10 average bet for one hour. Win up to $10,000. • • • $92,000 Lucky Leprechauns drawings Date: Saturdays in March Time: 7:15, 9:15 and 9:45 p.m. Information: Fifteen names will be selected at each drawing to win cash, slot play and more. • • • Point multipliers Date: Wednesdays in March Information: Receive 5x points on video poker and 10x points on reels. • • • Table Games Hoops Madness drawings Date: Fridays in March Time: 7:45 p.m. Information: Win a share of $15,000. • • • SLS LAS VEGAS Bamboo Collection Set Giveaway Date: Thursdays in March Time: 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Information: Guests who earn 500 slot points or 1,000 video poker points can receive one piece of a bamboo collection set. • • • Ceramic basketball mug giveaway Date: March 23 or 24 Time: 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Information: Guests who earn 250 slot points or 500 video poker points can receive a four-piece set of ceramic basketball mugs. • • • 10x point multiplier — slots Date: Sundays in March Information: Receive 10x points playing slot machines. • • • 3x point multiplier — video poker Date: March 26 Information: Receive 3x points playing video poker. • • • BMW giveaway Date: Saturdays in March Time: 8 p.m. Information: Ten players will be selected for a chance to win a three-year lease on a 2017 BMW 320i. To participate, earn 100 slot points to receive 10 drawing entries or 100 video poker points to receive one drawing entry. Additionally, guests who have an average bet of $25 for one hour on table games will receive one drawing entry. Double entries can be earned Mondays through Wednesdays. • • • $30,000 weekly baccarat drawings Date: Fridays in March Time: 8 p.m., 10 p.m. and midnight Information: Up to four names will be chosen at each drawing for a chance to win up to $2,500 in play. To participate, baccarat players must be dealt a winning natural 8 or 9 to earn one drawing entry, and pai gow poker players must have three-of-a-kind or better to gain one drawing entry. Average bet must be $25 or greater to qualify. • • • Baccarat Hot Seat drawings Date: Saturdays in March Time: 9 p.m.-1 a.m. Information: Players must have an open rating and minimum average bet of $25 on pai gow poker or mini-baccarat to qualify. Twelve people will win a share of $6,000 in play. • • • GOLD COAST Lucky Cash drawings Date: Fridays in March Time: Hourly, 1-6 p.m. Information: Ten names will be drawn. Win $200. • • • COSMOPOLITAN Cosmopolitan Million Point Club Date: June 1-3 Information: Earn qualifying slot points through May 31 for the Million Point Club event. The event weekend will include a $100,000 winner-take-all slot tournament, a $100,000 identity play drawing and a custom BMW M4 giveaway. Guests are guaranteed a complimentary cruise for two and $2,000 in slot play if they qualify for the event. For more information, contact casino services at 855-254-5521. • • • DOWNTOWN GRAND 1957 Thunderbird giveaway Date: Through March 25 Time: Drawing is at 10 p.m. March 25 Information: Earn entry multipliers Sundays through Wednesdays. Grand prize is a 1957 Thunderbird or $20,000. • • • Girl Scout Cookie giveaway Date: Sundays-Wednesdays through March 29 Information: Earn 500 base points to receive a box of cookies. Receive a maximum of five boxes per promotional day. • • • ARIZONA CHARLIE'S (both locations) Goldmine Drawing Date: Fridays and Saturdays through April 1 Time: 2:15 and 8:15 p.m. Information: Receive a drawing entry for every 500 base points earned. Win up to $2,500 during the promotional drawings. At the final drawing, three players will receive $1,000 and one will receive $1,000 plus the unclaimed prize money from previous drawings. • • • Table Games Cash Grab Drawing Date: Fridays and Saturdays in March Time: Every half hour, 6-9 p.m. Information: Earn tickets through play. Win up to $500. • • • ELDORADO Rolling for Dough Special Edition Date: Fridays in March Time: Hourly, 3:30-11:30 p.m. Information: Players can get a chance to roll the dice and win 10x the roll. • • • RAMPART CASINO 50-plus Tuesdays Date: Tuesdays Information: Loyalty-card players 50 and older can participate in $5,500 slot and video poker tournaments, $3,000 weekly tournament from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and $4,000 free slot play drawings at 7 and 8 p.m. Earn 50 points and receive a swipe on the kiosk for cash, slot play, points and dining. • • • $150,000 Cars n Cash Giveaway Date: Fridays and Saturdays Time: 6:15 and 8:15 p.m. Information: Seven winners will be called at each drawing and can win up to $2,500. Each winner qualifies for the grand prize car drawings March 31 and April 1. Earn one entry for $10 average bet for an hour of play or equivalent. • • • $35,000 table drawings Date: Fridays and Saturdays Time: 9 p.m. Information: Earn entries by playing table games for $10 average bet for an hour. Guaranteed $5,000 in prizes each night. • • • $25,000 Free Slot Play Hot Seats Date: Thursdays in March Time: 2-8 p.m. Information: One winner is chosen every 15 minutes; card holders win $200 in slot play. Once an hour, a table game player will be chosen. • • • KLONDIKE SUNSET CASINO Winner’s Choice slot machine giveaway Date: March 25 Time: 7:30 p.m. Information: Earn drawing tickets when you play, dine or drink. • • • Pot of Gold promotion Date: Sundays in March Information: Earn 100 points to select a gift option of your choice. • • • Gift giveaway Date: Wednesdays in March Information: Receive 100 same-day base points to be eligible to get a gift. On March 22, the gift is a bottle of wine. • • • Play and Win Date: Fridays and Saturdays in March Time: 10 a.m.-midnight Information: Receive up to $110 in Smith’s gift cards by accruing points. • • • STATION CASINOS Military Mondays Date: Ongoing Locations: All Station properties Information: Veterans and active military members receive discounts. • • • MyGeneration Wednesdays Date: Ongoing Locations: All Station properties Information: For loyalty-card holders 50 and older. Swipe your card at a kiosk to earn up to 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker, plus discounts on dining, movies and bowling. Slot tournaments are 10 a.m.-7 p.m., with a top prize of $1,000. First entry is free; receive up to four more entries by earning 50 base points for each. • • • Pedal to the Money Kiosk Game Date: Through March 26 Locations: All Station properties Information: Earn five base points to play and win up to $10,000. • • • Friday Mustang Giveaway Date: Fridays through March 24 Time: 8:15 p.m. Locations: All Station properties Information: Swipe for 10 free entries every day. Earn 5x entries on Wednesdays. • • • Point multiplier Date: Mondays or Tuesdays in March Information: Receive 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker. • • • SANTA FE STATION $50,000 No Fools Cash Giveaway Date: Saturdays in March Time: 8:15 p.m. Information: Prizes start at $1,000 and there will be 10 winners at every drawing. Earn 5x entries on Mondays and 10x entries on March 31. All unclaimed prize money rolls over to the next drawing. • • • RED ROCK RESORT $25,000 Lucky Green Cash Grab Date: Thursdays in March Time: 6:15 p.m. Information: Win up to $5,000 every week. • • • GREEN VALLEY RANCH Bonus point multipliers Date: March 23 Information: Receive 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker. • • • BOULDER STATION $10,000 March Point Challenge Date: March Information: The top point earner in slots and the top point earner in video poker will each receive $2,500 in slot play. The second and third place earners in each category will receive $1,500 and $1,000 in slot play, respectively. Points must be earned at Boulder Station; there will be 20x points on March 31, valid for point challenge only. • • • Point multiplier Date: Mondays or Tuesdays in March Information: Receive 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker. • • • Buffalo point multiplier Date: Tuesdays in March Information: Receive 15x points on all Buffalo slots. • • • WILDFIRE GAMING Bonus Bounce Back Days Date: Through March 26 Information: Earn 200 or 400 base points on Thursdays, then come back Sunday to get $5 or $10 in slot play. • • • Point multiplier Date: Sundays in March Information: Receive 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker. • • • FIESTA RANCHO Point multiplier Date: Mondays in March Information: Receive 10x points on slots and 6x points on video poker. • • • EL CORTEZ Winter Wonder Wheel Date: Thursdays through March 30 Time: 7 p.m. Information: Win up to 500,000 points. Players earn one virtual drawing ticket for every 100 slot-based points earned every day of the week. Earn 3x entries on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays. • • • SILVERTON Super Bloom Swipe N’ Win kiosk game Date: Fridays and Saturdays through April 1 Information: Earn 1,000 points to win up to $5,000 or earn 500 points to win up to $2,500. A final drawing will be 4 p.m. on April 1. Earn 200 points for each entry. The top prize at the final drawing is $10,000. • • • HARD ROCK HOTEL Bartop Happy Hour point multipliers Date: Sundays-Tuesdays in March Time: 4-7 a.m. and 4-7 p.m. Information: Receive 10x points on any bartop slot machine. • • • $320,000 Match Madness drawing Date: March 24 Time: Hourly, 5-8 p.m. Information: Earn entries through play. Top prize is $10,000. Slot players can earn 10x entries on Mondays. • • • SOUTH POINT 50+ weekly slot tournament Date: Thursdays Time: 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Information: Open to loyalty-card members 50 and older. First entry is free with a swipe at a club kiosk; collect a second by earning 250 points and a third by earning 500 points. Top prize is $1,500; total prize pool is $5,200. • • • PLAZA $50K giveaway Date: Through Dec. 10 Information: Earn one ticket for every 25,000 points earned. 0 Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Viewed Trending Police: Cab driver arrested after sex assault seen on video SBE set to merge with Hakkasan Group 17,000 AT&T workers in Nevada and California go on strike Titus: AHCA tax cuts would allow 1-percenters to buy Lamborghini, 26 Rolexes Reduced $25K fine opens door for McGregor-Mayweather fight Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Featured Galleries Adobe Summit at Palazzo Neil Gorsuch Confirmation Hearing The Big Squeeze Begins More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 23 Thu 24 Fri 25 Sat 26 Sun 27 Mon Matilda the Musical Smith Center for the Performing Arts Flosstradamus Intrigue Rod Stewart The Colosseum All events on Thursday » Tenors of Rock Harrah's | 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. Zumanity Zumanity Theatre Mystere Treasure Island Theatre All events on Friday » Cirque du Soleil's KA MGM Grand Hotel and Casino The Beatles LOVE LOVE Theatre <em>O</em> by Cirque du Soleil Bellagio Resort and Casino All events on Saturday » Spinning Into Butter Art Square Unique Massive Double Down Saloon Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Sunday » Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas <em>Le Rêve – The Dream</em> Le Reve Theater Michael Jackson One by Cirque du Soleil Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino All events on Monday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
March 23, 2017 | 72° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week NYT| Top News Rural areas brace for shortage of doctors after changes in visa policy New York Times Posted March 18, 2017 March 18, 2017 Updated March 18, 2017 9:40pm COURTESY PIXABAY Small-town America relies on a program that attracts foreign physicians to underserved areas. A recent federal change, however, could delay newcomers. In Coudersport, Pennsylvania, a town in a mountainous region an hour’s drive from the nearest Wal-Mart, Cole Memorial Hospital counts on two Jordanian physicians to keep its obstetrics unit open and is actively recruiting foreign specialists. In Fargo, North Dakota, a gastroenterologist from Lebanon — who is among thousands of foreign physicians in the state — has risen to become vice president of the North Dakota Medical Association. In Great Falls, Montana, 60 percent of the doctors who specialize in hospital care at Benefis Health System, which serves about 230,000 people in 15 counties, are foreign doctors on work visas. Small-town America relies on a steady flow of doctors from around the world. But a recent decision by the government to alter the timetable for some visa applications is likely to delay the arrival of new foreign doctors, and is causing concern in the places that depend on them. While the Trump administration is fighting for its temporary travel ban affecting six countries, the slowdown in the rural doctor pipeline shows how even a small change can ripple throughout the country. In Montana, for example, where nine counties do not have a single physician, it means Benefis Health does not know when a Romanian doctor trained in kidney transplants will arrive. The health care company spent months recruiting the doctor and had been expecting her in July. The procedural change regards temporary visas for skilled workers, known as H-1B visas. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services recently announced that it would temporarily suspend a “premium processing” option by which employers could pay an extra $1,225 to have H-1B applications approved in as little as two weeks, rather than several months. Companies using that option, the government said, have effectively delayed visas for others that did not pay the extra fee. A spokeswoman for the immigration agency, Arwen Consaul, said in a statement that the measure was necessary to “work down the existing backlogs due to the high volume of incoming petitions.” The immigration agency said in a statement that applicants could still request an H-1B approval on an “expedited basis,” if they could prove there was an emergency or humanitarian justification. Immigration lawyers said that it was extremely difficult to meet that standard, and that they doubted whether the agency could handle a flood of such requests. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Fukumoto says aloha to GOP Trump: ‘Somewhat’ vindicated after surveillance briefing 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament Sears has ‘substantial doubt’ about its future State sweeps Diamond Head homeless encampments Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Skip to main content Cars Homes Jobs Fort Wayne weather Toggle navigation   Local All local Police/fire Courts Election Indiana Frank Gray Local politics Schools Education listings In the service Opioid addiction Weather News All news Corrections Fact check Worth a click Sports All sports Professional NFL MLB NBA NHL Mad Ants TinCaps Komets IU Purdue Notre Dame Colleges Local colleges High schools Player of the week Hoops player of the week Golf Stats Rec Business All business Bankruptcies Living All living Divorces Faith Entertainment Books Calendar Celebrities Movies Music Spotlight TV Food Dining out The Dish Home & Garden Opinion Blogs Contact Contact us About us Delivery and subscriptions How to advertise FW FortWayne.com home page Subscribe Jobs Cars Homes Events Classifieds Shopping Celebrations Obituaries Submit × www.journalgazette.net JGBusiness Bloomberg A customer shops wines at a Costco store in Mount Prospect, Ill. March 19, 2017 1:01 AM Costco finds bright spot: Booze Wholesale club missed analysts' profit projections Molly Smith | Bloomberg The holidays didn’t go well for Costco Wholesale, whose profit during the period missed analysts’ projections by the most in at least a decade. But there was something to raise a glass to: booze. Alcohol sales have surged at the warehouse-club chain, lifted in part by the cult status of Costco’s Kirkland Signature-branded liquors. Many customers swear by the private-label products, and some are even convinced that the spirits are actually top-shelf liquors such as Grey Goose and Tanqueray hidden behind Costco packaging. That’s helped set Costco’s beverages apart from other private-label fare, said David Schick, lead retail analyst at Consumer Edge Research. “They use very high-end producers – premium all the way up to super-premium and beyond,” he said. Alcohol brought in $3.8 billion for Costco in its latest fiscal year, with wine sales accounting for almost half of the total. The category has grown 46 percent during the past five years, outpacing the company’s broader food and sundries segment, according to Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti. Kirkland Signature has been key to its success. The retailer began selling wine under the brand in 2003, followed by spirits in 2007. It also has a line of craft beers. Emphasizing private-label products has lowered Costco’s average retail prices, but surging demand has offset that impact on sales, Galanti said. “Private label continues to grow as a dominant strategy in retail – especially when it migrates from being a ‘label’ to more of a ‘brand,’ which Kirkland has done,” said David Bassuk, managing director at consulting firm AlixPartners in New York. “Now it’s a well-known name and gives the consumer a perception of value and a good deal.” The sources of the beverages remain a mystery. Kirkland Signature items are produced by “various manufacturers,” said Annette Alvarez-Peters, who manages Costco’s beverage alcohol division, without naming providers. Schick and other analysts calculate that Costco’s markup on its alcohol is in the range of 10 percent to 14 percent – extremely low by industry standards. In contrast, most retail liquor stores add from 25 percent to as much as 45 percent, especially for premium items, according to Schick. “They’re doing the opposite of looking to cut corners,” he said. “They’re looking for maximum quality and minimum markup to drive value for the member.” It’s a bright spot at a challenging time for Costco. The company posted earnings of $1.17 a share last quarter, far short of analysts’ projections for $1.36. Industrywide food deflation and higher gas prices have brought a double-whammy to the retailer. Gross margin, another closely followed benchmark, missed estimates by the most in more than four years. Even a highly anticipated membership fee increase did little to placate investors, with the shares tumbling after the results were released. Of Costco’s 508 locations in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, it can sell beer and wine in more than 80 percent of them, according to Alvarez-Peters. Hard alcohol is less common, due to tougher local restrictions. About 60 percent of the stores offer spirits. By comparison, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world’s largest retailer, sells wine and/or spirits in about two-thirds of its 4,700 stores. While Wal-Mart doesn’t break out those sales in its quarterly results, Piper Jaffray Cos. senior retail analyst Sean Naughton said he’d be surprised if Costco wasn’t the leader. “They’re taking share away from everyone because they can offer the lowest price.” Other retailers and grocers are trying to mimic Costco’s success. In 2003, Target Corp. introduced a private label – Target Wine Cube – to tap into premium boxed wines, and it’s currently exploring private label opportunities in other alcohol categories. Adult beverage was the fastest-growing division at the company last year. Whole Foods Market Inc. launched its Criterion Collection wines in 2015 and now has 10 varieties of reds and whites. To boost the brand, the company brought Devon Broglie on as a global beverage buyer. He is one of 236 experts around the globe with the designation of “master sommelier.” While alcohol laws vary by state, Issaquah, Washington-based Costco has faced some of its toughest liquor legal battles in its own backyard. The retailer was the largest backer of an almost $23 million initiative to privatize Washington state liquor stores in 2011. That ballot measure succeeded, after revisions were made to a previous initiative that failed, and inspired grocers in other states to oppose state-run alcohol sales. “There’s a lot of politics involved for each state,” Naughton said. Even so, “there’s a very consistent demand that doesn’t fluctuate that much as we believe alcohol is a nondiscretionary purchase for many consumers – regardless of economic conditions.” With an average of 250 items across the three alcoholic beverage categories, Costco is selective in what it chooses to stock. It rotates items in and out of the system in what it calls a treasure hunt. “With the limited-item assortment, we constantly evaluate,” Alvarez-Peters said. “Every item must perform in volume.” The treasure hunt – along with the economics of bulk buying – are what keeps Costco members happy, Schick said. “When they buy something, they buy a lot,” he said. “This becomes quite powerful in alcohol.” Email to a Friend Obituaries Newspaper subscription information Newspaper circulation (260-461-8519) Send news tips 24-hour tip line (260) 466-NEWS Sign up for free daily newsletter Copyright © 2017, www.journalgazette.net 600 W. Main Street Fort Wayne IN 46802 Terms of use and privacy policy Site map
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Charities & Fundraisers Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Charities & Fundraisers Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Area blood drives Blood drives to be held in area Contributed To The Press • Mar 18, 2017 at 6:26 PM Marsh Regional Blood Center will conduct public blood drives at the following locations: • Tuesday, March 21, 8 a.m.-noon, Northeast State Community College, Johnson City campus. • Tuesday, March 21, 1:30-4:30 p.m., Lab Connect, Johnson City. • Thursday, March 23, 8 a.m.-3 p.m., Northeast State Community College main campus, Blountville. • Friday, March 24, 8 a.m.-2 p.m., Happy Valley High School, Elizabethton. In addition to scheduled blood drives, donors are welcome at Marsh Regional’s collection center at 2428 Knob Creek Road, Johnson City. For more information about scheduling a blood drive at a local business, church, school or community organization, call 423-408-7500, 423-652-0014 or 276-679-4669 or visit www.marshblood.com. Blood Assurance Regional Blood Center will conduct public blood drives at the following locations: • Thursday, March 16, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., and Friday, March 17, 9 a.m.-4 p.m., ACT-Fairview, Johnson City. • Tuesday, March 21, 11 a.m.-4 p.m., Northeast State Community College, Elizabethton. • Wednesday, March 22, 7:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m., Science Hill High School, Johnson City. • Thursday, March 23, 9 a.m.-12:15 p.m., MSHA Information Systems, Johnson City. • Thursday, March 23, 2-4 p.m., MSHA Accounting & Payroll, Johnson City. • Friday, March 24, 11 a.m.-3 p.m., Wal-Mart SuperCenter, West Market Street, Johnson City. Donors also welcome at the Blood Assurance Donor Center at 1 Professional Park Drive, Suite 14, Johnson City. Donors must be at least 18 years old (16-17 years old with parental consent), weigh at least 110 pounds and be in good health. The process usually takes about 30 minutes and includes a complimentary gift and snacks. Donors should eat a healthy meal and drink plenty of fluids —avoiding caffeine — prior to giving blood. To schedule a blood drive at a local business, school, church or civic/community organization, contact Mike Patterson at 423-298-4335 or MikePatterson@bloodassurance.org. The American Red Cross is offering the following blood-donation opportunities: • Tuesday, March 21, from 2:30-7 p.m., and Wednesday, March 22, from 8 a.m.-1 p.m., at the group’s Blood Donation Center, 818 Sunset Drive, No. 100. Download the American Red Cross Blood Donor App at www.redcrossblood.org/bloodapp, visit www.redcrossblood.org or call 800-RED CROSS (800-733-2767) to make an appointment or for more information. All blood types are needed to ensure a reliable supply for patients. A blood donor card or driver's license or two other forms of identification are required at check-in. Individuals who are 17 years of age (16 with parental consent in some states), weigh at least 110 pounds and are in generally good health may be eligible to donate blood. High school students and other donors 18 years of age and younger also have to meet certain height and weight requirements. Blood donors can now save time at their next donation by using RapidPass to complete their pre-donation reading and health history questionnaire online, on the day of their donation, prior to arriving at the blood drive. To get started and learn more, visit www.redcrossblood.org/RapidPass and follow the instructions on the site. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Rams Blues Colleges High Schools High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Local Ads Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Metro-East News March 18, 2017 8:42 PM Community rallies around orphaned Campbell kids from Glen Carbon facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 O'Fallon, Lebanon fire crews work on O'Fallon house fire Pause 2:23 O'Fallon second-grader is a two-time state championship wrestler 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 21:17 Watch entire press conference on Glen Carbon fatal fire, car crash, and mom drowning 2:19 Neighborhood helps 7 children who survived fire, mom's drowning 0:51 Children fleeing fatal fire, reflection of flames, caught on surveillance video 2:05 Sheriff confirms police had been to Glen Carbon home about 50 times 2:13 Bride puts generations of family wedding dresses on display 2:59 Parents charged with multiple felonies in infant son's death 1:48 Edwardsville All-American talks about signing with Iowa Hawkeyes Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email The Edwardsville, IL and Glen Carbon, IL communities in southern Illinois near St. Louis, MO have rallied around the orphaned Campbell kids, who lost their parents and home March 16. The collection effort has filled four storage units and a 22-foot trailer so far. Edonald@bnd.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:25 O'Fallon, Lebanon fire crews work on O'Fallon house fire Pause 2:23 O'Fallon second-grader is a two-time state championship wrestler 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 21:17 Watch entire press conference on Glen Carbon fatal fire, car crash, and mom drowning 2:19 Neighborhood helps 7 children who survived fire, mom's drowning 2:05 Sheriff confirms police had been to Glen Carbon home about 50 times 2:13 Bride puts generations of family wedding dresses on display 2:59 Parents charged with multiple felonies in infant son's death 1:48 Edwardsville All-American talks about signing with Iowa Hawkeyes 6:03 School employees joke about who they would marry, kill or sleep with. It was all recorded. Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email A neighbor's surveillance camera on Dogwood Lane captured the Nissan Armada SUV leaving the house at 15 Dogwood Lane in Glen Carbon, IL, and the flames reflecting on surfaces. Then the Campbell children are seen fleeing down the street. They called 911 from the neighboring Walmart store. Provided A volunteer looks over the latest collection of toys and other items for the seven Campbell children who were orphaned and lost their home early Thursday morning. The Edwardsville Little Tigers football club is helping to coordinate collection efforts for the Campbell children and their caregivers. Elizabeth Donald/BND Edwardsville Little Tigers president Eddie Lowry supervises the volunteers sorting the latest collection of donations for the Campbell children. The Little Tigers’ collections alone have filled four storage units and a 22-foot box trailer, with more coming in, Lowry said. Elizabeth Donald/BND One of the donation bins at the Glen Carbon Wal-mart, which organizers say has filled several times over. The community has rallied to support the Campbell children, who lost their parents and their home on Thursday morning. Elizabeth Donald/BND When the donations bins at the Glen Carbon Wal-mart fill up, the store sets up shopping carts for the overflow - at times as many as ten carts’ full stretching down the aisle. The Edwardsville-Glen Carbon community has rallied to support the seven Campbell children who were orphaned and lost their home early Thursday morning. Elizabeth Donald/BND 1 of 6 i By Elizabeth Donald edonald@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Friday night lights behind Edwardsville High School illuminated a line of cars that stretched across the campus to the road on the far side of the school. The cars were bringing donations to the Edwardsville Little Tigers’ collection effort for the Campbell children. The outpouring of donations and support has been “overwhelming,” according to the organizers with the children’s football club. All but the two youngest Campbell children participated in Little Tigers either as football players or cheerleaders, according to Little Tigers president Eddie Lowry. “We know the kids,” Lowry said. “We’re a part of these kids’ lives, and we want to teach them that we’re behind them.” So when word spread about the tragedy that had befallen the seven Campbell children — their father shot in their home, their mother dead in a nearby lake, the youngest sibling nearly drowned, their house burned and all their belongings gone — the Edwardsville-Glen Carbon community swung into gear. “We had a lot of tears as people were coming up, but we had a lot of people who were thankful to be able to help these kids,” Lowry said. On Friday night, the line of cars waiting to donate toys, clothing, housewares and more was daunting. The student football players ran up and down the line, collecting the donations from each car in carts in order to keep the line moving, Lowry said. “The generosity has been overwhelming,” Lowry said. “The message to the community is, ‘Thank you.’ It’s been amazing how generous they are, and the family is so appreciative. They’re a little overwhelmed right now, but they are so appreciative.” Metro-East Mini Storage offered three storage units for donations, Lowry said. As of Saturday afternoon, they are full, as well as another storage unit they had acquired. A 22-foot box trailer loaned to the effort was expected to be full by the end of Saturday’s collection, he said. And that doesn’t include the large bins at the Glen Carbon Wal-Mart, located at each entrance. Co-manager Courtnie Howes said that when the bins fill up, they line up shopping carts in the aisle to hold the extra. As many as 10 shopping carts were filled at one point, Howes said, with more bins and carts filling up Saturday afternoon. “We have a lot of stuff,” Lowry said. “All of it is being shown and offered to the caregivers so the kids have what they need.” And the Little Tigers aren’t the only ones collecting: ▪ The Country Meadows Homeowners Association and Edwardsville Wrestling Club have been collecting items and donations for the family and coordinating their efforts with the Little Tigers. A Campbell family fundraiser will take place at Edison’s Entertainment Complex 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. March 25, with $16 unlimited bowling, laser tag and arcade to benefit the family, according to Facebook posts on the homeowners’ association page. ▪ The Edwardsville Orchestra Boosters learned that one of the children was involved in orchestra, and had lost her viola to the fire. Within hours, two violas were donated, as well as a music stand and other equipment to ensure she could continue playing in the orchestra. ▪ Edwardsville District 7 schools are coordinating donations through the director of student services, with what Superintendent Lynda Andre described in a parent letter as “numerous donations … of clothing and shoes, school supplies, bedding and other hygiene items.” ▪ Kids Club Child Development Center will be collecting gift card donations through March 24 for the Campbell family. ▪ At least three GoFundMe campaigns were set up, but the one sanctioned by the family is being coordinated by David Fellows, a retired police officer who served with the Fairview Heights Police Department for 26 years and currently works for Illinois Law Enforcement Alarm System. Fellows said he knew the family through a cousin, and offered his assistance in running a GoFundMe campaign that had raised nearly $6,000 by Saturday evening. “It looks like it’s starting to get some traction,” Fellows said. Fellows said the children’s grandmother will be the one to access the account, and it will all go to the children. Of the two other campaigns, Fellows said one has already shut down and combined its proceeds with his; the other has not replied to questions from the family as yet. Donations haven’t just been clothing, games and stuffed animals, Lowry said. Everything from dental care to counseling services have been offered free to the children, to help them through their tragedy. Lowry said they have already taken a first round of donations to the children. Each child has received a bicycle and tablet, he said. Someone has donated new bunk beds to the family, so the children have sufficient beds and bedding, as well as clothes, toys, shoes, backpacks and more. “We didn’t want to overwhelm the caregivers,” Lowry said. “There’s a lot to sort through, and we’re doing it right now.” In fact, there’s been so much donated that the organizers are calling for a change of focus. “They don’t need any more things now,” Lowry said. “I think what they’re most concerned about is the ongoing needs of the kids, so probably financial contributions are better at this point.” The Little Tigers has set up its own collection fund, which Lowry said would not be subject to any fees and 100 percent will go directly to the kids. He did not have an exact figure as of Saturday, because money keeps coming in, he said. But it is already into the “tens of thousands,” he said. They have not set a donation goal, Lowry said, because all the money collected will be put into a trust fund for the children to help fund their care and future college educations. Lowry said he was both surprised and not surprised by the reaction of the Edwardsville-Glen Carbon community. “The community has just come together for these kids, and it’s just amazing,” he said. “I wish I could say I was really surprised, because I’m not — this is a great place to be. And people have just kicked in like you can’t believe … Is it overwhelming for us? Sure, it’s overwhelming, but it’s a great overwhelming.” At this point, there has been much more collected than the children or their caregivers could possibly take, Lowry said. What will happen to the rest? “We haven’t decided yet,” Lowry said, laughing. “We will obviously do something so the family can benefit from that, but we haven’t figured out what that will be yet.” Nothing will be thrown away, he said, but they will find a solution that further benefits the Campbell children. Meanwhile, the children are doing as well as can be expected, while the caregivers are a bit overwhelmed, Lowry said. He has not discussed the tragedy with the children, but instead he said they are focusing on the future — and on their new belongings for their new life, he said. On Saturday, Lowry brought over the bicycles and the children leaped to them, riding around in the cool sunshine. “They came running out of the place where they are staying and went riding around the cul-de-sac, and it was just awesome, because they were able to get some energy out and focus on something else,” Lowry said. In the meantime, volunteers continue to sort the massive donations at the Tigers’ clubhouse, and Lowry said the Little Tigers “family” will continue to work as long as the kids need help. Elizabeth Donald: 618-239-2507, @BNDedonald Related content Edwardsville and Glen Carbon collect donations for orphaned kids Children fleeing fatal fire, reflection of flames, caught on surveillance video LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Metro-East News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:23 O'Fallon second-grader is a two-time state championship wrestler Pause 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 21:17 Watch entire press conference on Glen Carbon fatal fire, car crash, and mom drowning 2:19 Neighborhood helps 7 children who survived fire, mom's drowning 0:51 Children fleeing fatal fire, reflection of flames, caught on surveillance video 2:05 Sheriff confirms police had been to Glen Carbon home about 50 times 2:13 Bride puts generations of family wedding dresses on display 2:59 Parents charged with multiple felonies in infant son's death 1:48 Edwardsville All-American talks about signing with Iowa Hawkeyes 6:03 School employees joke about who they would marry, kill or sleep with. It was all recorded. Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago O'Fallon, Lebanon fire crews work on O'Fallon house fire 0:25 7 hours ago O'Fallon, Lebanon fire crews work on O'Fallon house fire 3:07 13 hours ago U.S. congressmen Rodney Davis and John Shimkus speak about the upcoming healthcare vote 1:23 17 hours ago Candidate Mary G. Stiehl talks about why you should vote for her View more video Metro-East News Swansea’s mayoral candidates see eye to eye on many issues Belleville car dealership gets a new owner He tampered with another person’s ballot. Now he’s going to prison. After science fairs canceled, one school invites professor for sweet visit St. Louis bookstore named the best in Missouri Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Fear, hope and deportations The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Mary Jordan and Kevin Sullivan By Mary Jordan and Kevin Sullivan March 18 Follow @marycjordan Follow @sullivank VALLEY VIEW, Tex. — At 4:30 a.m. on a windy Monday, Tamara Estes swallows vitamin B12 for energy and krill oil for her arthritic fingers. Even with her nightly Ambien, she is always up before the sun, getting ready for a job that reminds her of what infuriates her about America. She drives a school bus on a route that winds through a North Texas neighborhood filled with undocumented Mexicans. She picks up nearly 100 of their children and drops them off at public schools funded by American taxpayers. By her. One immigrant family lives in the house next door, and in the dark hours before dawn, they are also stirring. As the father leaves for his job at a construction site, the mother is scrambling eggs and scooping them into warm tortillas. They have been working in America for two decades without legal status, but their four children were born here, so they are U.S. citizens — or, as Estes and President Trump call them, “anchor babies.” The eldest, Rainier Corral, 15, emerges from his bedroom carrying a book bag and a trumpet case. He’s a 188-pound rock of a kid who plays lineman on the high school football team, a top-notch student who wants to study mechanical engineering at Texas A&M. Rainier’s family has always believed in the promise of America, where they saved enough to buy their own home and their kids go to good schools. But now that Trump is threatening to deport millions — and even change the law that gave their children U.S. citizenship — they are filled with fear. Estes chats with Karisa Bean at Grace Bible Church in Sanger, Tex., on Feb. 19. Estes strongly backs President Trump’s deportation drive. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) Estes, meanwhile, is filled with new hope. For years, she has felt she was living the American Dream in reverse, her life sliding backward, in part, she believes, because illegal immigrants take good jobs and drive up her taxes. Now she thinks her life will improve because Trump is promising to “take our country back.” This is what divides them at the dawn of the Trump era: for the president to keep his promise to millions of working-class white voters like Estes, he is threatening millions of working-class immigrants like the family next door. ‘Anchor babies’ It’s 20 miles to the school-bus depot and, as Estes drives, she flips on conservative talk radio, where she gets most of her news. She tunes to 660 AM and Mark Davis, a popular Texas talker, who is praising Trump, trashing liberals and making Estes nostalgic for better days. “I wish we could go back to a time when we could live, not just exist, when everything wasn’t a struggle,” she says. Estes is 59, divorced and earns $24,000 a year. With four days left to payday, she has $118.72 in her checking account. She earns a bit too much to qualify for most government assistance but too little to buy health insurance, with its high monthly premiums and impossible deductibles. When she broke her arm last year, she wrapped it in a $15 drugstore brace and popped ibuprofen for a month. The way she sees it, life is easier for illegal Mexican immigrants than for taxpaying, working-class white Americans. As her life has gotten harder, she believes the fortunes of “illegals” have been rising, and that she’s paying for it. Little galls her more than “anchor babies,” who are entitled to government benefits, including Medicaid, public schools and food assistance. Estes resents paying for their safety net when she feels she has none. “I can’t seem to pull my status back up where it was 20 years ago,” she says. “Some of it’s my fault. Some of it’s not.” From her home, Estes can see a U.S.-born child of the undocumented couple next door washing his family’s SUV. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) The United States has been granting “birthright citizenship” to babies born on its soil, regardless of their parents’ legal status, since just after the Civil War. Congress and the states adopted the 14th Amendment to the Constitution in 1868, primarily to guarantee citizenship to freed slaves. Over the past three decades, every other developed economy in the world except Canada has abandoned or restricted birthright citizenship amid rising flows of immigrants and refugees. But in America, it remains commonplace. In 2014, 7 percent of all U.S. births — about 275,000 babies — were to parents illegally in the United States, according to the nonpartisan Pew Research Center. In Texas, undocumented immigrants accounted for a quarter of all deliveries paid for by Medicaid in 2015 — more than 54,000 babies — according to the Texas Health and Human Services Commission. The cost to taxpayers: $116 million. Defenders of birthright citizenship say integrating immigrants is part of what makes the United States exceptional, and that denying these babies citizenship would create a huge new underclass of people living outside the law. Critics say it encourages illegal immigration and drains public resources. Estes was delighted when Trump attacked birthright citizenship during the campaign, saying: “A woman gets pregnant. She’s nine months, she walks across the border, she has the baby in the United States, and we take care of the baby for 85 years. I don’t think so.” Polls show that the vast majority of Americans oppose mass deportations, but Trump’s core supporters are solidly for it: According to a recent CNN/Kaiser poll, 55 percent of whites without college degrees said they want everyone living in the country illegally to be deported. Everywhere Estes looks, she’s reminded that her country is changing. White enrollment in Texas schools recently dipped below 30 percent. Hispanics are the new majority; Pew estimates that more than 13 percent of Texas students are the children of undocumented parents. Estes wants a better-paying job but says it’s hard to get one these days if you speak only English. Increasingly, the first question in any job interview is, “Habla español?” So when Trump started talking about deporting illegal immigrants who “compete directly against vulnerable American workers,” Estes went to his rallies and stuck a Trump sign on her lawn. She has come to be known as the “Trump Lady” on her school bus, which on this Monday morning approaches its first rider, a tiny kindergartner bundled in a gray parka and wearing a purple backpack. “Love you!” the little girl says in English to her Spanish-speaking mother. U.S.-born Rainier Corral, 15, second from right, has breakfast with his family Feb. 19. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) For two hours, Estes picks up dozens of children. They chatter in the seats behind her in Spanish, a language she doesn’t understand. She boils inside about her tax dollars paying for their education. But she likes the kids, and she can’t afford to lose this job. So she smiles and says, over and over: “Careful on the stairs.” “Have a good day, y’all.” Cost and contribution As Estes heads to work, Rainier is in the kitchen next door, checking his phone for news. “Quieres café?” his mother, Azucena Reyes, 34, asks him, as she stirs eggs on the stove. “No, thanks,” he says in English, waving off coffee to check the Young Turks news site on YouTube, where today’s headline is: “Trump’s Deportation Force Unleashed.” Rainier was born four months after Reyes, then 18, entered the United States on a tourist visa hoping to give her child a better life than the one he would have faced in her poor mining town in Durango, Mexico. He has always felt fully American, no different from his white classmates. But now, in this county that voted 83 percent for Trump, he suddenly hears people spitting out: “Go back to your own country,” or “Go mow a lawn.” Rainier practices the guitar at his home. He and his family feel undocumented immigrants have been unfairly blamed for the economic problems of working-class Americans. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) Rumors about deportations are flying. Reyes heard from a friend that immigration agents were arresting people at Walmart. Others say it was at a different store. Or at roadblocks. The family stays home more often now but still went to church yesterday, joining 1,400 others at a Spanish-language Catholic Mass. Their pastor says many more are choosing to skip Mass, worried that federal agents might stake out the church. Reyes is worried, too, but said she and her family agreed to be interviewed for this story because they want people to better understand the immigrants who are being threatened with deportation. Amid so much “uncertainty and fear,” she says, “I hope we can do some good.” What’s happening now doesn’t seem fair to Rainier. Americans hire the undocumented to build their houses, pick their crops, mow their lawns, wash their dishes. They’re happy to take the hard, low-paying jobs nobody else wants. In return, they’d like to live without fear of being deported. Rainier says families like his are being targeted for problems they have not created. “Most of them are just normal people that are trying to get a better way of life,” Rainier says. “It’s one thing to deport people who have criminal records — that’s fine. It’s another thing to deport families that haven’t done anything wrong.” Trump has argued that undocumented immigrants take jobs from American workers, depress wages and overburden government services. Studies have partially confirmed that view, at least in the short term. Last year, an exhaustive study by the respected National Academies of Sciences found that undocumented workers can temporarily depress wages slightly for the lowest category of unskilled jobs. But the study found “little to no negative effects on overall wages and employment of native-born workers in the longer term.” The same study said that newly arrived immigrants are a net cost to taxpayers, primarily due to the expense of educating their children. But those children, and their children after them, more than make up for it, contributing far more in taxes to state and local governments than they take in services. Most economists do not blame illegal immigrants for the decline of the U.S. working class. They argue that immigrants boost the nation’s fortunes by filling undesirable jobs at low pay, cutting the cost of many goods and services. Rainier’s parents have worked for years cleaning homes, working in a glue factory, installing bathroom partitions, nailing baseboards. Four years ago, they pooled their life savings to buy their little house, paying $40,000 in cash at a foreclosure sale. They now pay $1,700 a year in property tax. They file federal returns on income of about $30,000 in a good year, including withholdings for Social Security and Medicare — benefits they are unlikely ever to receive. Rainier, who is an athlete at his high school, lifts his little sister so she can see aquarium fishes at a store in Denton, Tex., on Feb. 19. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) Nationwide, undocumented immigrants pay about $11.7 billion a year in state and local income, sales and property taxes, including about $1.5 billion in Texas, according to the nonpartisan Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. And more than 4 million people who do not have Social Security numbers — most of them undocumented immigrants — file federal tax returns using Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers issued by the Internal Revenue Service. Rainier’s family has been trying for two decades to become legal. Since 1997, his father, Nicolas Nevarez, 38, has had an application pending for a resident visa through his father, an undocumented worker granted U.S. citizenship under Ronald Reagan’s 1986 amnesty program. Last year, the United States issued only 801 visas in his category — a Mexican married adult child of a U.S. citizen — out of a waiting list of more than 204,000. His lawyer tells him to be patient. “I’m trying to do everything right,” Nevarez says. “But 20 years?” Nevarez and Reyes have no health insurance and constantly worry about getting sick, although their children are eligible for Medicaid. When Rainier needed knee surgery last year, it was fully covered. Rainier’s parents tell him valora la oportunidad — appreciate the opportunity he has in America — and he does. But he has no idea how he will pay for college, so he is thinking that right after high school he will enlist in the U.S. Army. “It’s my country and I want to serve,” he says, as he picks up his trumpet case and backpack and heads off to school. Fallen from the middle class After finishing her morning route, Estes parks her yellow school bus and clocks out. It’s 9 a.m. Her afternoon shift starts at 2:30. It would take too much gas to drive home and back, so she waits in the parking lot, unpaid, in her Honda Fit. She eats a blueberry muffin out of a plastic bag and listens to the radio, where Mark Davis is praising Trump’s first weeks in office. Estes thinks Trump is off to a great start. She wanted to high-five the new president when he said in his inaugural address, “The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.” She says it was as if Trump was speaking directly to her. Estes grew up in Dallas, in a grand home with a built-in pool. She even had her own horse. Her mother died when she was 4, so she lived with her father, a small-business owner who drove a red Thunderbird convertible. Then her father died when she was 19. She quickly married and, by 26, was divorced with two kids. Tamara Estes tends her chickens, whose eggs she feeds to her Doberman pinschers. She links her financial distress partly to what she sees as job competition from undocumented immigrants. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) She has worked a lifetime of jobs that have paid less and less. She was a scrub tech at a medical clinic, a courier carrying blueprints for a developer, a shuttle driver for a casino. Years ago, she moved an hour north of Dallas, where she could afford a tiny house on a two-acre plot carved from a vast expanse of wheat fields. Now she is almost 60, raised in upper-middle-class comfort and living in working-class stress. Estes regrets not going to college and becoming a veterinarian. On the radio, she hears that good jobs for people with only a high school diploma have been stolen by globalization and automation: China and robots. She knows that it may take Trump more time to bring those jobs back. But she’s thrilled that he is moving on his promise to kick out the “illegals.” “They’ll be out of here so frickin’ fast!” Trump said at a Dallas campaign rally in September 2015, as Estes and 20,000 others cheered. She’s also grateful that a president is finally talking about “anchor babies.” Most legal scholars say that revoking birthright citizenship would take another constitutional amendment, a complicated process that requires two-thirds approval of both chambers of Congress and ratification by three-quarters of the states. Trump, however, has suggested simply challenging the prevailing interpretation in court. “Some very, very good lawyers” believe children of undocumented immigrants “do not have American citizenship,” he said during the campaign. In January, Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) reintroduced the Birthright Citizenship Act, which would grant citizenship to an infant only if at least one parent was a U.S. citizen, a lawful permanent resident or a noncitizen serving in the U.S. military. Some Texas officials have pursued a backdoor approach to cutting benefits to the children of undocumented parents by limiting the forms of parental identification they will accept when issuing birth certificates. Without a birth certificate, a child cannot prove citizenship and therefore has no access to government benefits. Estes, a supporter of President Trump, looks at her dog show awards and photos, reflecting on when “it was a happier time in life.” (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post) After Mexican and Central American parents sued in federal court, Texas officials agreed last year to accept more forms of identification, including Mexican voter ID cards — but only after more than 1,000 babies were denied birth certificates, said Jennifer Harbury, an attorney with Texas RioGrande Legal Aid. “The anti-immigrant faction is definitely emboldened,” Harbury said. Sitting in her car, Estes switches over to 820 AM, where Rush Limbaugh is singing her tune. “Immigration is the primary reason Donald Trump was elected,” he says. “These ICE raids — people are applauding them!” Alike but far apart By the time Estes finishes her route and arrives back home, the sun has already set. Her headlights splash across her little house, and her dogs start barking. She breeds Doberman pinschers for extra cash. Minutes later, Nevarez pulls into his driveway. The daily routines are similar in these two small, prefabricated houses on a flat road paved into the North Texas prairie. Both families raise chickens and dogs, work long days for little pay and pray for better at church on Sunday. In four years, the neighbors have barely spoken. Once, Nevarez and some other Mexican immigrants helped Estes dig a grave for one of her dogs. She seemed friendly enough. But then the Trump sign appeared on her lawn, and the distance between them grew. At the kitchen table, Rainier, fresh from track practice, devours four enchiladas. His father eats a few bites. He’s tired and doesn’t say much. He spent the day on a 30-foot ladder, hanging shutters on houses. His hair is flecked with sawdust. Next door, Estes is in her kitchen, too tired to cook. Sometimes she eats a few cheese cubes after her evening chores. But when she checks the fridge, there are none left. She sinks into her recliner. She says her opposition to “illegals” isn’t personal. When she needs help around the house, she says, her Hispanic neighbors offer before “my white neighbors do.” She doesn’t want the kids on her bus to think she is heartless for supporting deportation raids. But she says something has to change. She flips on the TV. She has recorded eight hours of inauguration coverage on C-SPAN and a two-hour History Channel documentary on Trump, which she now starts watching. “They are losers! They are babies!” Trump is shouting. She laughs. He sure is entertaining. Trump’s booming voice fills her small house: “The working class is going to strike back!” “Yes,” Estes says. “Yes!” Scott Clement contributed to this report. classic-apps Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters classic-apps Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters The comment section on this story has been closed. You can leave feedback for the Post newsroom by emailing comments@washpost.com. For more on how we manage comments and other feedback, please see our discussion and submission guidelines  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Mary Jordan is a Pulitzer-Prize winning correspondent currently traveling America writing about the Trump era. She was the founding editor and moderator of Washington Post Live, which organizes current affairs forums and debates. As a correspondent based in London, Mexico and Tokyo she spent years reporting from around the globe. Follow @marycjordan Kevin Sullivan is a Pulitzer Prize-winning Post senior correspondent who covers national and international affairs. He is a longtime foreign correspondent who was based in Tokyo, Mexico City and London and has reported from nearly 80 countries. He has written two books and also served as the Post’s Sunday and Features Editor. Follow @sullivank Most Read 1 London attacker British-born and once under extremist probes, British leader says 2 New research identifies a ‘sea of despair’ among white, working-class Americans 3 House Intelligence chair says Trump campaign officials were ensnared in surveillance operations 4 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.’s attack on London’s mayor 5 Opinion Lincoln was a Republican, slavery is bad — and more discoveries by President Obvious Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the 45th president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game classic-apps Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 March 2017 by Military News Fountain Asset Corp’s Investee Company, Xylitol Canada Inc., Closes $2.0 Million Financing and Announces Closing of Acquisition of Nektar Naturals Holdings, Inc. TORONTO, ON / ACCESSWIRE / March 17, 2017 / Fountain Asset Corp. (TSX-V: FA) („Fountain”) announces that its client company, Xylitol Canada Inc. („XYL” or „Xylitol”), has closed a $2,087,000 million equity raise at a price of $0.12 per share. XYL intends to use the proceeds for general and working capital purposes. Xylitol also announced that it has closed its acquisition of Nektar Naturals Holdings, Inc. („Nektar”). XYL acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity shares of Nektar in exchange for the issuance of 4,799,167 common shares of XYL, an approximate value of CAD $575,900 ,and the agreement for XYL to service certain debt obligations in the aggregate principal amount of approximately USD $598,000. „Our transaction with Nektar is a key milestone for Xylitol as we focus on product innovation to become a leading provider of natural sweetener products in the marketplace. Nektar brings key contributors to Xylitol, including national sales accounts such as Walmart, and a seasoned team of principals, including founder Jeremy B. Edelman, and key shareholders,” said Steven Haasz, chief executive officer of Xylitol. Nektar is a Delaware corporation operating in the United States that markets natural sweetener products, including Nektar Honey Crystals in bottle form and in on-the-go packets. Nektar’s products are made from natural honey, which allows consumers to flavor foods and beverages without the mess of traditional liquid honey. Management feels Nektar’s products will complement Xylitol’s current offerings in the natural sweetener market. Xylitol also completed its previously announced share consolidation on the basis of one new common share for every 5 common shares currently issued and outstanding. About Xylitol Canada Inc. Xylitol Canada is a consumer packaged goods business focused on an assortment of natural-sweetener-based products, including xylitol, coconut palm sugar and honey. The corporation operates a 30,000-square-foot facility in Colorado where it produces and packages a full catalogue of natural sweetener products, most notably, its natural sweetener alternatives. For more information about Xylitol please contact Steven Haasz CEO and a director of Xylitol Canada Inc. 416.288.1019 [email protected]. About Fountain Asset Corp. Fountain Asset Corp. is a merchant bank which provides equity financing, bridge loan services (asset back/collateralized financing) and strategic financial consulting services to companies across many industries such as oil & gas, mining, real estate, manufacturing, retail, financial services, technology and biotechnology. For further information, please contact Jason G. Ewart at (416) 488-7760 or visit Fountain Asset Corp.’s website at www.fountainassetcorp.com. Neither TSX Venture Exchange Inc. nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. SOURCE: Fountain Asset Corp. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, general, Industry, Markets, officer, service, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peak Establishes New Fintech Subsidiary in China Next PostNext Investor Network Invites You to the Gulf Resources Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Webcast Live on Monday, March 20, 2017 Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 23, 2017 61° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Overcast. High near 75F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low near 55F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 8:06 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Phoenix area Wal-Mart evacuated over fake bomb Mar 18, 2017 Updated Mar 18, 2017 (…) PEORIA, Ariz. (AP) — A Wal-Mart in the Phoenix area was evacuated over what turned out to be a fake bomb. Peoria police say a store employee reported the suspicious-looking device found in a stockroom about 10:20 a.m. Saturday. A bomb squad and robot were called in to check the item, which was made to look like an explosive with wires and flashing lights. It was removed and the store was combed to ensure safety. The scene was cleared in about four hours, and the store reopened. Police say the hoax device didn't pose a danger but it caused fear and concern and authorities will be checking surveillance video as part of their investigation. No suspect has been identified. Wal-Mart issued a statement saying it takes "the safety and security of our customers and associates seriously at all times" and is helping the police with the investigation. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Bomb Threats Locations Arizona United States North America Phoenix Popular Clark Cinema 10 on track for April opening Ronnie Gilley thankful for experiences, optimistic about future Police respond to Carroll High shooting threat Police: Barbaree created false corporation, stole $11k investment Case of body found in Dale County being treated as a homicide Ozark mayor, others in Dale County oppose concealed weapon, pharmacy bills Lawsuit against Flowers Hospital over theft of personal information attains class action status Deveridge out as Eufaula coach; Cliatt hired as next coach Death sentence given in Wicksburg nightclub triple killing Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Featured Businesses The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Currently Open Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Contests Fix My Yard Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Back on track, set to graduate and then shot dead Transportation continues to be big discussion item for commissioners Emily ChappellContact ReporterCarroll County Times Transportation was a key discussion points for the commissioners last week. Transportation issues — including the fiscal year 2018 annual transportation plan, transit vehicles and the evening pilot program — were key discussion points for commissioners last week. The Carroll County Board of Commissioners was briefed on the evening pilot program, which started in December and concludes in May. The program runs 5 to 8 p.m. Monday through Friday in a 5-mile radius of the Westminster public library. In its first three months, according to Jeff Topper, the county's deputy director of the Department of Public Works, they're seeing just over one passenger per hour. But from what they've heard from the Maryland Department of Transportation, he said, a new program takes 18 months to two years to more accurately determine how it's going. There was talk about whether expanding the hours to 5 to 9 p.m. could help, though ultimately the commissioners did not vote to head in that direction. Commissioners to discuss transportation, grant applications this week Emily Chappell The Carroll County Board of Commissioners will meet multiple times this week. On Tuesday, the commissioners will meet starting at 9 a.m. in Room 311 of the County Office Building. They will hold a legislative briefing and discuss the fiscal year 2018 Annual Transportation Plan. On Thursday, the... The Carroll County Board of Commissioners will meet multiple times this week. On Tuesday, the commissioners will meet starting at 9 a.m. in Room 311 of the County Office Building. They will hold a legislative briefing and discuss the fiscal year 2018 Annual Transportation Plan. On Thursday, the... (Emily Chappell) Commissioner Doug Howard, R-District 5, suggested reaching out to potential destinations, or lining up with shift changes at local businesses like Walmart. Commissioners bounced around the idea of trying to work with Carroll Community College to see whether students there need rides. But, Commissioner Richard Rothschild, R-District 4, said, people going to school have already figured out how to get there, be it having their own vehicle or going with classmates. "There's not enough demand for this service. This pilot failed," Rothschild said. Howard disagreed. "The pilot's not done," he said. Ultimately, the commissioners voted to expand the service by location, but not by time. In its final few months, the program will not be limited to just the original 5-mile radius in Westminster. The vote passed, with Howard abstaining and Commissioner Stephen Wantz, R-District 1, absent. The commissioners again discussed transit vehicles. Currently, the county is waiting on a number of vehicles from the state. Carroll is still waiting for 16 transit vehicles used for the Carroll Transit System that had been approved by the Maryland Transit Administration in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2017. But the bids were contested, and when this happens, the state must go through a legal process. Commissioners again weighed the pros and cons of leasing or buying vehicles to bridge the gap until the vehicles from the state arrive. If the county leases vehicles, at the end of the lease all they have is a smaller bank account, said Jeff Castonguay, the county's director of the Department of Public Works. "You're leasing these vehicles and at the end of the day you have nothing," he said. If they purchase, they can use the vehicles in whatever way they'd like, he added. "That gives us some additional flexibility," Castonguay said. The commissioners made no action on the item, though it is set to come up again this week for a vote. The commissioners also attempted to discuss the fiscal year 2018 Annual Transportation Plan, although after a long discussion, there was confusion about numbers from the previous year and using them to compare to this year's budget. Commissioners eventually asked to have the plan presented at this week's Tuesday meeting before making any decisions. emily.chappell@carrollcountytimes.com 410-857-7862 Caption Putting .08 in perspective - a field sobriety training "wet lab" The Maryland State Police Academy in Sykesville holds "wet lab" training where police academy recruits practice field sobriety testing on individuals who have volunteered to spend the afternoon drinking alcohol while having their blood alcohol level monitored. (Dylan Slagle/Carroll County Times) The Maryland State Police Academy in Sykesville holds "wet lab" training where police academy recruits practice field sobriety testing on individuals who have volunteered to spend the afternoon drinking alcohol while having their blood alcohol level monitored. (Dylan Slagle/Carroll County Times) Caption Putting .08 in perspective - a field sobriety training "wet lab" The Maryland State Police Academy in Sykesville holds "wet lab" training where police academy recruits practice field sobriety testing on individuals who have volunteered to spend the afternoon drinking alcohol while having their blood alcohol level monitored. (Dylan Slagle/Carroll County Times) The Maryland State Police Academy in Sykesville holds "wet lab" training where police academy recruits practice field sobriety testing on individuals who have volunteered to spend the afternoon drinking alcohol while having their blood alcohol level monitored. (Dylan Slagle/Carroll County Times) Caption A toddler died in a house fire in Taneytown on Wednesday afternoon March 22, 2017 according to fire officials. A toddler died in a house fire in Taneytown on Wednesday afternoon, according to fire officials. The Office of the State Fire Marshal is investigating the cause of the fatal fire in the 100 block of W. Baltimore St. A toddler died in a house fire in Taneytown on Wednesday afternoon, according to fire officials. The Office of the State Fire Marshal is investigating the cause of the fatal fire in the 100 block of W. Baltimore St. Caption Eldersburg couple to hike the Appalachian Trail, raise awareness of mental illness Lynsey and Trevor Abrams will hike the length of the Appalachian Trail to raise awareness of mental illness and to raise funds for the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. (Dylan Slagle / Carroll County Times) Lynsey and Trevor Abrams will hike the length of the Appalachian Trail to raise awareness of mental illness and to raise funds for the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation. (Dylan Slagle / Carroll County Times) Caption CoastTec Ribbon Cutting CoastTec introduces a new facility in Eldersburg. CoastTec introduces a new facility in Eldersburg. Caption Profiling Police: Deputy Jacob Jersild Carroll County Sheriff's Office Deputy Jacob Jersild talks how he got into law enforcement. (Heather Mongilio/Carroll County Times)  Carroll County Sheriff's Office Deputy Jacob Jersild talks how he got into law enforcement. (Heather Mongilio/Carroll County Times)  twitter.com/emilychappell13 Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Maryland Department of Transportation Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 30°
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More News Fate of Jack Kerouac's St. Pete house in limbo with death of executor US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News National Puppy Day is a real thing, and it's meant to encourage you to rescue dogs Epilogue: Former Dunedin mayor, legislator Jerry Rehm remembered for dedication to the public Florida Senate to vote on letting grocery outlets sell hard liquor in stores Review: Hulu's 'Harlots' explores 18th century prostitution through the 'whore's eye view' Forecast: Rain chances return to Tampa Bay, along with toasty temperatures News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup With GOP health care bill teetering, Florida Rep. Dennis Ross worries failure will splinter party Top News Florida Senate to vote on letting grocery outlets sell hard liquor in stores AP Exclusive: U.S. probes banking of ex-Trump campaign chief Caught in crossfire between Rick Scott and Richard Corcoran, group fights for survival Treasure Island city manager to retire after election changes City Commission Future of medical pot in Florida still cloudy after Senate discussion Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College Fennelly: Welcome to Tampa, Brian Gregory: Make USF basketball interesting (w/ video) Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News What's a little Florida QB battle among friends? New USF basketball coach Brian Gregory wants to emphasize Tampa Bay recruiting (w/ video) How the Tim Beckham spring turnaround could pay off for Rays Fennelly: Welcome to Tampa, Brian Gregory: Make USF basketball interesting (w/ video) Lightning needs big win total in final 10 games for playoff hope Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Food & Dining Empire Oyster popup raises the raw bar in St. Petersburg Top News Movie Planner: 'The Last Word,' 'Life,' 'CHiPs' and 'Power Rangers' Empire Oyster popup raises the raw bar in St. Petersburg Music Planner: St. Paul and the Broken Bones, Don't Stop St. Pete, Charlie Wilson Things to Do Planner: Disney on Ice, Drumline Live, National Geographic photographer Stage Planner: St. Pete native comes home with Momix, Anton Coppola turns 100 Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A sick plan for health care Top Opinion Editorial: A sick plan for health care Column: Republicans fulfilling promise to repeal, replace Obamacare Ruth: Gorsuch's bland confirmation hearings Guest column: Pesticide Curfew too dangerous to use on golf courses again Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Review: Hulu's 'Harlots' explores 18th century prostitution through the 'whore's eye view' Gov. Rick Scott hosts jobs roundtable in Seminole Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for BUCS POSTGAME REPORT Get the quickest, smartest news, analysis and photos from the Bucs game emailed to you shortly after the final whistle. (View our Privacy Policy) Alex Cobb bracing himself for possible farewell season with Rays Marc Topkin, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles MARC TOPKINTampa Bay Times Saturday, March 18, 2017 8:06pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next PORT CHARLOTTE — Is there anything wrong with thinking about saying goodbye when you're not 100 percent sure you're leaving? Related News/Archive Rays journal: All-Star season nets meager raise for Alex Colome ... for now 2 Weeks Ago Rays' Cobb sees positives in first spring appearance 3 Weeks Ago Rays' Cobb optimistic about latest progress 1 Week Ago Alex Cobb is no dumb blond. He's savvy enough to know the history — that as a frontline starting pitcher headed to free agency, he most likely will be traded by the Rays during the summer. "It's just the way things unfold here," he said. "If you were a betting man, that probably would be the way to go." Cobb, 29, would like to think there are other options. The one he fancies is that he is pitching so well, and the Rays are winning so much, that they have no choice but to keep him for a march deep into the postseason, and then he heads out. Or the Rays could preempt free agency and re-sign him during the season at market price, extending what has been a 12-year stay in the organization. Or his first full season back from Tommy John surgery could go bad, and due to injury or ineffectiveness, he could find himself without a better offer and sign on for another year. But for now, it's hard for Cobb to not think this is the beginning of a long goodbye. And it starts in Port Charlotte, his spring, and summer rehab, home since the team's 2009 move south. "It's a difficult thought, and it's one that I've had a lot this spring," Cobb said. "I've found myself driving around, whether it's to Wal-Mart or to Publix, or going by the Chili's where we'd hang out because it was near the (minor-leaguers') hotel, and I'm thinking about the first year I was here in Port Charlotte and all the different things that have happened here. Life-changing stuff. "Then you go into the clubhouse and you see all the faces, people that I've seen since I was 18, that really have been your family since then. It's part of spring training — you give that guy a hug, you ask how their family is doing, they ask about yours, you reminisce about the times you had in the past. … "You think about it, and it's sad. It's sad that it's a possibility I could no longer be around here." Sure, you can say if Cobb felt that badly about leaving, he shouldn't. That — especially after making $4 million each of the past two seasons (for 22 innings and one win in the majors), and another $4.2 million this year — he should just take whatever the Rays offer and stay. But that's not how this works. A player toils for the chance to reach free agency after six years in the majors, and he has the right to get paid. (Also, consider that Cobb already missed on cashing in once already as he was negotiating a long-term deal worth nearly $50 million when he hurt his elbow two springs ago. And, that former teammate Jeremy Hellickson is making $17.2 million — SEVENTEEN-POINT-TWO-MILLION — this season from the Phillies.) Nor should you pin this on the Rays, as they have the right to maximize their assets, and with all the young — and inexpensive — pitching they have in the system to replace Cobb (such as Jose De Leon), getting something for him in July is only logical. There are already whispers of potential interest elsewhere, including two teams with intimate connections — the Cubs, managed by ex-Ray Joe Maddon; and the Dodgers, presidented by ex-Ray Andrew Friedman. That is no surprise, because as good as a healthy Cobb can be on the mound — "top 10 in all of baseball," teammate Chris Archer opines — he may have even more value for his leadership and bulldog attitude. "We know what he brings to our pitching staff and our clubhouse," Rays manager Kevin Cash said. "We all understand how important Alex is to us." First, Cobb has to show that he is indeed back to being Alex Cobb. That it's more than just braggadocio and wishful thinking for him to say there is "zero doubt" he can return to 2013-14 form, when, despite a concussion (from being hit by a line drive) and an oblique strain, he was 21-12, 2.82 in 49 starts. "It's the smaller pixels I'm looking for," Cobb said. "The larger picture of it is there." Then there will be the question of where the path leads. If elsewhere, the memories will be well-cataloged: The thrill of working out with the big-league Devil Rays at the Trop after being a fourth-round pick in 2006. The smell of the locker room the day he arrived in Princeton, W.Va., as a pro, and the nerves — "my heart was beating out of my chest, everything was going a million miles an hour" — of his first game. The unbridled joy of his promotion to the majors, and the best-day-ever feel of his on May 1, 2011, big-league debut, with his dad and brother in the stands. The fear of a career- or even life-threatening injury when struck in the head by an Eric Hosmer line drive in June 2013, then the satisfaction of returning for his thus far career-highlight moment, starting and winning the AL wild-card game. And the frustration of the pain he felt during the 2015 St. Patrick's Day start in Clearwater leading to Tommy John surgery, and this two-year odyssey back. Cobb has been through so much in his life, most jarringly the sudden death of his mother during his senior year in high school, and he has seen so many good friends traded (James Shields, David Price, Hellickson, Matt Moore, etc.), that he is certain he won't be fazed no matter what happens or where he ends up. But that doesn't mean he won't be thinking about saying goodbye. "There will definitely be moments throughout the season when it will hit me," he said. "It won't be every day where I wake up and say, 'Hey, this could be my last day here.' … But it will be like mindless driving down the highway thinking about it. And it'll be a little sad." Marc Topkin can be reached at mtopkin@tampabay.com. Follow @TBTimes_Rays. Alex Cobb bracing himself for possible farewell season with Rays 03/18/17 [Last modified: Saturday, March 18, 2017 10:45pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our daily Sports newsletter Get the latest breaking news and in-depth reports about the Bucs, Lightning and Rays — all in one email.   Today's sports stats MORE Video Grapefruit League schedules, ticket information From stadium locations to contact information, reporting dates, schedules, ticket information and more, we're your one-stop resource for Grapefruit League baseball. Click here for the interactive map Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
SIGN IN | REGISTERSIGN OUT Home News Local Crime & Law Miami Valley's Most Wanted State & Regional Nation & World Govt & Politics Jamie Dupree Ohio Politics Blog Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Closings & Delays Participation Info Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers iWitness 7 Weather Cameras Severe Weather Alerts Sign up Closings & Delays SMS Sign up Sports Cleveland Browns Cincinnati Bengals University of Dayton Flyers Athlete of the Week Touchdown 7 Entertainment What To Do Contests Contest Rules Shopping Place an Ad Deals Local Retail Ads Automotive Buy & Sell WHIO-TV About WHIO-TV What's on WHIO-TV CBS Programming About MeTV About Laff TV TV Staff On Demand Watch Live WHIO Radio About WHIO Radio What's on WHIO Radio Talk Shows Ask the Experts Radio Staff On Demand Listen Live SIGN IN | REGISTERSIGN OUT News Local Crime & Law Miami Valley's Most Wanted State & Regional Nation & World Govt & Politics Jamie Dupree Ohio Politics Blog Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Middletown family proud to watch Vince Edwards Springfield police respond to reports of Zika shades spring break romance More airline pilots testing positive for DP&L and Vectren Energy Fair inspires students Crews battle house fire on Banbury Road in ABC News Twitter account appears to have More Tim Hortons restaurants are on the way next prev More News Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Closings & Delays Participation Info Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers iWitness 7 Weather Cameras Severe Weather Alerts Sign up Closings & Delays SMS Sign up Sports Cleveland Browns Cincinnati Bengals University of Dayton Flyers Athlete of the Week Touchdown 7 Entertainment What To Do Contests Contest Rules Shopping Place an Ad Deals Local Retail Ads Automotive Buy & Sell WHIO-TV About WHIO-TV What's on WHIO-TV CBS Programming About MeTV About Laff TV TV Staff On Demand Watch Live WHIO Radio About WHIO Radio What's on WHIO Radio Talk Shows Ask the Experts Radio Staff On Demand Listen Live More Entertainment Shopping WHIO-TV WHIO Radio Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Use another account SIGN IN Sign-in using your WHIO-TV profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your whio.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on whio.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. Edit your profile. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* photoManager *} Created on: {* display_created *} Last login: {* display_lastLogIn *} {* sitesCommaSep *} Change My Password {* editProfileForm *} My Basic Profile {* displayName *} {* givenName *} {* familyName *} {* email *} {* birthdate *} {* gender *} My Phone Numbers {* #profilePhoneCollection *} {* #mobilePhoneTab *} {* mobilePhone *} {* /mobilePhoneTab *} {* #homePhoneTab *} {* phone *} {* /homePhoneTab *} {* workPhoneTab *} {* workPhone *} {* /workPhoneTab *} {* daytimePhoneTab *} {* daytimePhone *} {* /daytimePhoneTab *} {* /profilePhoneCollection *} My Addresses {* #profileAddressCollection *} {* #homeAddressTab *} {* addressDrop *} {* /homeAddressTab *} {* #workAddressTab *} {* workAddressDrop *} {* /workAddressTab *} {* /profileAddressCollection *} Subscriptions {* subscriptionList *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* errorMessages *} {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} {* submitButton *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Report: Trump adviser's husband picked for Justice post Paul Manafort's Russia ties: 5 things to know American spring breakers chant 'Build that wall' while vacationing in Mexico Trump fires off tweets slamming Russia allegations Ivanka Trump fans spending up to $60K on plastic surgery to look like her Up Next: Report: Trump adviser's husband picked for Justice post Paul Manafort's Russia ties: 5 things to know American spring breakers chant 'Build that wall' while vacationing in Mexico Trump fires off tweets slamming Russia allegations Ivanka Trump fans spending up to $60K on plastic surgery to look like her Report: Trump adviser's husband picked for Justice post Published: Saturday, March 18, 2017 @ 7:18 PM Updated: Saturday, March 18, 2017 @ 7:16 PM FILE - In this Thursday, Jan. 19, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway, center, accompanied by her husband, George, speaks with members of the media as they arrive for a dinner at Union Station in Washington, the day before Trump's inauguration. Trump has chosen George Conway to head the civil division of the Justice Department. The Wall Street Journal reports that he was chosen to head the office that has responsibility for defending the administration's proposed travel ban and defending lawsuits filed against the administration. The White House and the Justice Department would not confirm the pick Saturday, March 18, 2017. George Conway declined to comment. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) Washington — President Donald Trump has chosen the husband of White House counselor Kellyanne Conway to head the civil division of the Justice Department, The Wall Street Journal reported. George Conway was chosen to head the office that has responsibility for defending the administration's proposed travel ban and defending lawsuits filed against the administration, the newspaper reported. Conway is a partner at the New York law firm of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. The law firm's website says Conway has extensive experience in litigation involving securities, mergers and acquisitions, contracts and antitrust cases. He graduated from Harvard and then Yale Law School. He joined the law firm in 1988, soon after his graduation from law school. He has been involved in numerous complex, high-profile cases with that law firm, where he has been a partner since 1994. In the 1990s, Conway wrote the Supreme Court brief that cleared the way for Paula Jones' civil suit against President Bill Clinton. Clinton's denial of an affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky during a deposition in the Jones case led to his impeachment trial. The White House and the Justice Department would not confirm the pick Saturday. George Conway declined to comment. Kellyanne Conway is a longtime Republican pollster who helped turn around Trump's presidential campaign at a critical time last summer. She joined the campaign as a senior adviser and quickly earned the candidate's trust. She's also close with daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, another influential voice in Trump's inner circle. Kellyanne Conway stepped in to manage Trump's bid against Democrat Hillary Clinton when the campaign began flailing in the face of a series of controversies. Many credit her with boosting him toward his Election Day victory after she urged him to more closely follow the teleprompter in his speeches and helped him deliver clearer talking points that minimized controversy in the final days of the campaign. Paul Manafort's Russia ties: 5 things to know Published: Wednesday, March 22, 2017 @ 10:48 AM By: Theresa Seiger, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Paul Manafort, President Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman, secretly worked a decade ago to help Russian President Vladmir Putin at the behest of a Russian billionaire, The Associated Press reported Friday. >> Read more trending news The Trump administration and Manafort himself have denied that he previously worked for Russian interests, but documents and interviews obtained by the AP appeared to contradict that claim. Manafort, who was Trump's campaign chairman from March to August, had previous plan to advance Putin’s interests https://t.co/gQSvtctjwK— The Associated Press (@AP) March 22, 2017 Manafort, a lobbyist and political consultant, worked for the Trump campaign from March to August 2016. He resigned after an AP report revealed he had coordinated a covert Washington lobbying operation on behalf of Ukraine’s ruling pro-Russia political party until 2014. Here are five things to know about the latest allegations: In a confidential strategy plan obtained by the AP, Manafort pitched a plan to Russian aluminum magnate and close Putin ally Oleg Deripaska aimed at influencing “politics, business dealings and news coverage inside the United States, Europe and the former Soviet republics to benefit the Putin government.” The plan existed as early as June 2005, the wire service reported. "We are now of the belief that this model can greatly benefit the Putin government if employed at the correct levels with the appropriate commitment to success," Manafort wrote in the 2005 memo obtained by the AP. Manafort wrote that the effort "will be offering a great service that can refocus, both internally and externally, the policies of the Putin government." Manafort signed a $10 million annual contract with Deripaska in 2006, but it was unclear how much work he did under that contact, according to the AP. A person familiar with the work that Manafort did for Deripaska told the AP that the two maintained a business relationship until at least 2009. A spokesman for Deripaska declined to answer questions from the AP. Manafort denied that his work for Deripaska was “inappropriate or nefarious” in a statement released to the AP. “I worked with Oleg Deripaska almost a decade ago, representing him on business and personal matters in countries where he had investments,” Manafort told the wire service. “My work for Mr. Deripaska did not involve representing Russia’s political interests.”  The report comes as the Trump administration deals with increased scrutiny of its ties with Russia. At a House Intelligence Committee hearing on Monday, FBI director James Comey confirmed that authorities are investigating whether Trump associates and Russian officials worked together to influence the November presidential election in Trump’s favor. “The FBI, as part of our counterintelligence effort, is investigating the Russian government’s efforts to interfere in the 2016 president election,” Comey said, according to The New York Times. Comey declined to say whether Manafort was a target of the investigation. The situation could prove criminal if authorities determine that Manafort violated the Foreign Agents Registration Act. The act requires lobbyists who work in the U.S. on behalf of foreign governments and leaders to report to the Justice Department about their actions. Manafort did not disclose his pro-Putin work to the Justice Department, according to the AP. Failure to register as a foreign agent is a felony that carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. Related Paul Manafort Mar 22, 2017 - 1:18 PM Paul Manafort resigns from Trump campaign Report: Trump campaign had repeated contact with Russian intelligence before election Adam Schiff’s opening statement: There is ‘direct evidence of deception' between Trump fires off tweets slamming Russia allegations Mar 22, 2017 - 10:53 AM next prev American spring breakers chant 'Build that wall' while vacationing in Mexico Published: Tuesday, March 21, 2017 @ 11:34 AM By: Theresa Seiger, Cox Media Group National Content Desk A Mexican newspaper blasted a group of young Americans visiting Cancun on spring break after witnesses said they broke into chants of “Build that wall” earlier this month and refused to stop, despite complaints. >> Read more trending stories In an editorial published Friday, The Yucatan Times said the incident was not isolated but was part of a growing number of complaints about “offensive, rude and haughty” spring break tourists who flock to Mexico for vacation. Newlyweds Suly and Anaximandro Amable took to social media on March 6 after they said they attended a show on the “Pirate Ship” out of Puerto Juarez as part of their honeymoon, according to The Yucatan Times and social media posts. Suly Amable wrote on Facebook that she and her husband were getting off the boat after the show when they heard the chants. "In the face of such stupidity, one doesn't know how to immediately react," she wrote. "We were stunned. The whole thing seemed implausible." Anaximandro Amable said the group who broke into the chant might have been intoxicated when they “began to sing the infamous ‘Build that wall’ chant louder and louder.” “I have always been tolerant of the countries of the world and I have wanted to believe that human stupidity and ignorance … is characteristic of a small group of people,” Anaximandro Amable wrote. “But there are things with which one cannot be tolerant, such as discourse that incites hatred.” The Yucatan Times reported that several Mexican tourists on the ship became annoyed and uncomfortable as the chants went on, but the Americans refused to stop chanting. President Donald Trump has vowed to build a wall on the border between the United States and Mexico. “I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me,” Trump said in June 2015 while announcing his presidential run. "I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.” Related Spring Break Mexican politician goes to extreme heights to prove a point about President Trump’s Melania Trump appears on cover of Vanity Fair Mexico Trump fires off tweets slamming Russia allegations Published: Monday, March 20, 2017 @ 8:32 AM By: Hélène Vincent, Rare.us President Donald Trump fired off some angry tweets Monday morning regarding allegations that his campaign colluded with the Russian government during the 2016 election. >> Read more trending news The president defended himself and his campaign by reasserting that he has never colluded with Russia — not during his presidential bid and not after the election. James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 20, 2017 The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 20, 2017 The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 20, 2017 Trump also repeated his request for an investigation into the leaks that have continuously emerged from the White House since Trump took the oath of office less than 100 days ago. President Donald Trump gives thumbs up as he walks to the White House after arriving on Marine One, Sunday, March 19, 2017, in Washington. Trump is returning from a trip to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)(Alex Brandon/AP) Alex Brandon/AP According to Mediaite, the tweets may be an effort by Trump to get ahead of any future investigations by Congress regarding his relationship with the Russian government, especially since FBI Director James Comey will be testifying Monday about allegations — made by Trump himself — that Comey’s department wiretapped Trump Tower by direction of Barack Obama during the 2016 campaign. Related James Comey’s testimony: Live updates Driver detained at White House checkpoint after claiming to have bomb Ivanka Trump fans spending up to $60K on plastic surgery to look like her Mar 22, 2017 - 10:53 AM White House promotes satirical article praising Trump's new budget Mar 22, 2017 - 10:53 AM next prev Ivanka Trump fans spending up to $60K on plastic surgery to look like her Published: Sunday, March 19, 2017 @ 7:02 AM By: Hélène Vincent, Rare.us Some women are paying tens of thousands of dollars to look like Ivanka Trump, according to USA Today. According to Dr. Franklin Rose, a Houston-based plastic surgeon, there has been an uptick in customers who want to more closely resemble the president's eldest daughter. Patients seeking plastic surgery often show up for their first appointment with a photo of a celebrity to indicate the type of work they’d like to have done, he said; for example, one might show a surgeon a photo of Angelina Jolie if the patient is seeking a lip filler. According to Rose, “Ivanka is sort of the new style icon for plastic surgery” within his practice. >> Read more trending news USA Today reports that one of Rose’s patients, 37-year-old Jenny Stewart, spent $30,000 to look more like Trump. That large sum was also a discounted fee because Stewart agreed to talk to reporters. Another one of his patients paid $60,000 to look like Trump and was profiled in People magazine. Rose said he isn’t surprised by the demand to look like Trump, given that the first daughter is a beautiful woman with covetable features, such as a small nose and high cheekbones. Dr. Rob Rohrich, another plastic surgeon based in Texas, agreed with Rose's assessment of Trump’s popularity and influence. “Yes, absolutely, I have had a lot of patients in the past six months or more who ask about Ivanka’s great and sculpted, clean facial features, including her high cheekbones and beautiful skin and elegant nose,” Rohrich said. WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 08: Ivanka Trump attends at a luncheon she was hosting to mark International Women's Day in the State Dining Room at the White House March 8, 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) However, it’s possible that this phenomenon is contained to Texas. According to two East Coast surgeons profiled by USA Today, there has been no increase in demands to look like Trump — primarily because their clients don’t seek plastic surgery to look like somebody else; instead, they request that their surgeons enhance the natural features they already possess so that it can look as natural as possible. News Local Crime & Law State & Regional Politics & Government News Web Links iWitness7 Lottery Results Traffic Flight Tracker Live Traffic Conditions Pump Patrol Traffic Cameras Storm Center 7 Weather Your County Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Guide Live Storm Chasers Sports Cleveland Browns  Cincinnati Bengals UD Flyers Athlete of the Week Follow and Share WHIO-TV on Facebook WHIO-TV on Twitter WHIO Radio on Facebook WHIO Radio on Twitter Newsletters Mobile Alerts WHIO Mobile Apps App List and Download Info About Us About WHIO-TV About WHIO Radio Send Us News Tips Work With Us EEOC Statement WHIO Public File WHIO Public File Contact/Program Director Advertisers and Sponsors Advertise With Us Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Find & Save Local Shopping General Acceptance Policy © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Is the rocky road to EMV retail adoption getting smoother? Is the rocky road to EMV retail adoption getting smoother? Confusion and resistance to EMV abounded in 2015, but 2017 brings improvements in adoption and an ongoing evolution in the implementation of EMV-capable credit card readers. Sharon Goldman (CIO (US)) 21 March, 2017 01:02 - - - - print email Comments There was plenty of confusion to go around in October 2015, with only a small percentage of retailers ready to roll when the deadline passed for them to become EMV-compliant by installing new EMV-capable credit card readers and acquiring certifications from various payment networks. Now that over a year, and two holiday seasons, have passed by, the question is: Where does retail stand with EMV? The answer, says experts, is that it’s been a rocky road, but there have been improvements in adoption and an ongoing evolution in implementation. [ Related: For retailers, confusion reigns after EMV rollout ] The good news is, consumers are starting to adapt to the new normal — their first instinct now is to insert a chip, not swipe. In addition, Visa and Mastercard implemented new quick-chip technology last summer, to make the processing time faster for consumers. “One of the biggest complaints off the bat was that EMV was too slow, taking 10-15 seconds,” says Perry Kramer, vice president and practice lead at Boston Retail Partners. “Now the EMV transactions have really gone back to the same speed as what it used to be with swipe transaction — from the consumer point of view, it has sped up dramatically.” Retailers, on the other hand, have struggled to get up to speed with EMV and have dealt with a variety of challenges, particularly due to vendor delays and the liability shift that has left them on the hook for chargebacks. “Those that weren’t ready really got thrown into panic mode,” Kramer says. “The amount of chargebacks, in terms of dollars and quantity, far exceeded anyone’s expectations.” [ Related: Why have most merchants missed the EMV deadline?]  Obstacles along the way to EMV According to an National Retail Federation (NRF) survey conducted last year, 9 percent of merchants had implemented EMV during 2015 and 39 percent had done so by June 30, 2016. By the end of 2016 86 percent were expected to have implemented EMV and 99 percent expect to have done so by the end of 2017. Why the slow rollout? The biggest obstacle to EMV implementation was the card industry’s delays in certifying the EMV equipment retailers installed, says Craig Shearman, vice president of government affairs public relations at the NRF. “The equipment’s chip functions can’t be turned on until it has been certified, but the card industry failed to provide sufficient personnel or other resources to get that done in a timely fashion,” he explains, which left millions of EMV chip readers sitting next to cash registers that could still only be used to swipe cards. In addition, there have been hiccups related to debit card usage with EMV: Kroger filed a lawsuit against Visa regarding debit transactions — the grocery chain wanted to require PIN-based verification on debit chip cards, which did not comply with Visa regulations — while Walmart and Home Depot filed similar suits. At this point, however, most major retailers have been certified. In addition, most smaller retailers found it fairly simple to become EMV-compliant because of bank-supplied POS equipment. But midsize retailers — between $500 million to $3 billion in sales — typically have POS systems that are over a decade old and require customization to implement EMV, says Kramer: “That led to delays — some are still not compliant and are paying the price.” Certainly, there have been fewer chargebacks thanks to EMV, which experts agree is a good thing, though they maintain that the chip and signature technology is still prone to fraud — which could be reduced further with the chip and PIN technology used elsewhere. And, Shearman points out that banks have not invested the money they had previously “eaten” in chargeback costs in the retail community. But, on the flip side, online fraud has, as expected, risen significantly since EMV was implemented: “The fraudsters have moved over to the online market,” he says. What’s coming down the pike with EMV Contactless EMV was supposed to go live last spring, but the processing rules for banks are not finalized yet. By October 2017, fuel pumps were also supposed to be EMV compliant — but due to a lack of hardware, this date has been pushed out to 2020. Some vendors are working to capitalize on these EMV obstacles by focusing on software that manages risk liability and fraud instead of EMV. Feedzai, for example, points out that for gas stations, the cost of upgrading equipment could be incredibly costly. “Instead of upgrading, many have begun to manage their risk on the backend, on the software level, as opposed to the hardware level with a chip — at a fraction of the cost,” says Nuno Sebastiao, CEO and co-founder of Feedzai. [ Related: 5 digital retail trends that will be big in 2017 ] In addition, he says, as adoption alternative methods of payment through mobile wallets continue to grow, EMV will become less necessary for some retailers. “This is really on a per-vertical basis, such as with gas stations,” he says. “But some retailers won’t want yet another point solution to manage fraud.” The NRF’s Shearman disagrees, however, saying that mobile wallets are a fraction of a fraction of the payments market and are not a factor in EMV adoption. “Our State of Retail Payments survey last year found that EMV was the top payments challenge for 76 percent of retailers compared with 17 percent for acceptance of emerging payments types,” he says. “EMV was largely the standard among major retailers during the 2016 holiday season and that should increasingly be the case among small retailers by holiday 2017,” he adds. “But retailers will continue to push to have chip and signature replaced with chip and PIN.” ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about HomeHome DepotKramerMastercardVisa Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Digitally remastering your business Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Kingston Technology Moves to a Broadband WAN with Silver Peak 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Data Analyst Lead SA Business Analyst Digitalisation projects QLD Network Engineer - Cisco Voice WA Seeking all Java Developers! ACT Team Leader NSW GIS Officer | Map Info QLD Iteration Manager NSW Citrix Engineer NSW Senior Communications Officer | SharePoint QLD Mid-Level Software Engineer x 2 - Adelaide Based (PV, NV2 or NV1 required) ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next AI, machine learning blossom in agriculture and pest control ​Only 0.5% of federal government IT in the cloud ​CSO Perspectives – Security readiness is the key to effective response CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO ​Man arrested for $100m email fraud scam against multinational tech firms LastPass fixes serious password leak vulnerabilities Google cites progress in Android security, but patching issues linger How worried should your organisation be about cyber espionage - and what can you do about it? Hackers threaten to wipe millions of Apple devices, demand ransom Computerworld CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gigabyte (+video) NSW govt poaches AUSTRAC CIO for top security role Piracy crackdown: Website blocking to get a lot quicker, cheaper iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers extorting Apple, threatening to wipe devices Wal-Mart launches emerging tech incubator ARN Major Govt IT panels get passed over to the DTA Hutchison sees 2016 revenues dip Is hybrid IT the new normal in the enterprise? Qld Health hails IT contractors for middleware replacement Three Microsoft partners combine to capture mid-market in collaborative cloud play Techworld Look before you leap: 4 hard truths about IoT The goal of a new machine Open source JavaScript, Node.js devs get NPM Orgs for free CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gigabyte (+video) Tapping the brakes on 802.11ac wave 2 CMO How National Geographic is building brand for a purpose-led future CMO's top 8 martech stories for this week - 23 March 5 ways to create great real-time marketing campaigns ​Report reveals gap between marketing strategy and execution Unilever CMO John Broome exits after only 13 months Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Home Weather 65° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close N.C. boy brings joy to gravely ill brother with $1 drawings A young artist's version of a lemonade stand is a common stopping place for the community of Lincolnton, North Carolina. The stand is typically covered with intricate, impressive and symbolic sketches, for another piece of 10-year-old's drawings beauty li Andie Judson, WCNC 10:07 AM. CDT March 21, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Three things immediately stand out when you pull up to the Davis' home: a purple mailbox, a painted teal awning, and a red-haired young boy sitting at a table on the front lawn. "Pictures for sale $1. Designed by Haden," the table's hand-written sign reads. Haden Edwards, 10, sits at the table intently drawing. The desk is a young artist's version of a lemonade stand. Sketches of dragons, snakes, monsters and Pokemon cover the table. Haden's artwork is intricate, impressive and symbolic, for another piece of the drawing's beauty lies within the $1 price.   Max is Haden's little brother. The 7-year-old has been battling a handful of difficult medical conditions including a genetic disorder called Neurofibromatosis. The defect has caused tumors to grow on Max's brain, forcing him to undergo an unsuccessful brain surgery. Max's family and friends nervously anticipate April, the month doctors say will determine if Max has other treatment options. The diagnosis and aftermath of Max's condition have been difficult. The family and community have found ways to rally around Max, such as a local 5k fundraiser and incorporating creativity to show support, hence the teal awning and purple mailbox, both representative colors of causes Max is currently fighting.   Haden's main concern is bringing his little brother joy. Something he's able to do with his artwork. "I just like to see Max happy," Haden says. "Spending time with him is my favorite thing to do." Dollar by dollar, Haden saves up. "[Max] would prefer to stay comfortable in a bed and it's very important to all of us, especially Haden, that we give Max a reason to want to fight," the boys' mother, Cynthia, says. "Haden's very good about giving [Max] a reason to be excited and one thing Max loves to do is go shopping." The money collected from selling Haden's artwork provides a way for the two brothers to connect. Once enough is saved, they head to the local Dollar Tree or Walmart.  "We mostly buy Legos," Haden says.  Haden is autistic. His mother says drawing is a coping mechanism for him and that he carries his paper and pencils wherever they go. "I've liked to draw since I was born," Haden says. "No matter where we're at, he's drawing something," Cynthia says. "We've had several people ask for a drawing or be like, 'Oh, you should sell that!'  Cynthia says one day Haden decided to set up his table, set out a sign and deliver flyers around the neighborhood saying, 'Whatever money I make I'm going shopping for Max.' "I wanted to do it because I wanted to spend more time with Max," Haden says. The drawings were a hit. On his first day selling his artwork, Haden raked in $23.  "People just started coming around, we get messages or phone calls or people just stop by the house and want to know if Haden's drawing anything recently," Cynthia says. Haden's commitment to bringing his brother joy is right in line with his caring character. If the saying, 'it's the little things in life that count the most,' were literal, Haden would be tallying up quite a score. The 10-year-old has become known in the community for his various acts of kindness. Haden often uses his savings to pay for part of another diners' meal at a restaurant or the following car at the drive-thru, he volunteers at a local nursing home, and delivers meals on wheels. Even his signature red hair is being put to use as Haden's growing it out to donate to cancer research. "He makes me proud. Very, very proud," Cynthia says. "It makes me excited that that's the next generation that's taking over our country." Cynthia hopes that Haden's ability to overcome difficult times and challenges with such kindness will inspire other children. "It gives me hope... we could have just this wonderful generation of giving, caring people." For more information on Max and his family, visit their GoFundMe account.       © 2017 WCNC.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Don't be alarmed by snakes on the beach Sexual assault on trial ride leads to lawsuit Normangee Police Chief arrested in standoff Houston teen battling cancer meets Beyoncé Perry blasts A&M student government president 3 men go through Houston Walmart on horseback Former middle school worker charged with sex crime 'White Lives Matter' fliers found in Alvin Houstonians on vacation in London react to attack Suspect prostitution ring involved students More Stories PM: London attacker was British-born, known to intelligence Mar 23, 2017, 5:07 a.m. HCSO: 3 arrested, drugs and weapons seized in raid Mar 23, 2017, 4:58 a.m. Houstonians, local British community react to terror… Mar 22, 2017, 6:39 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: 2017 Forty Under 40 class March issue of Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 The Innovation Issue Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Amazon struggles to find strategy that works in $800B grocery market Amazon struggles to find strategy that works in $800B grocery market March 20, 2017 Bloomberg News KEYWORDS Retailers / Grocery Stores / Amazon.com / Transportation, Distribution & Logistics / Distribution & Logistics Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Amazon, Sprint eye stores that RadioShack might exit Aldi taking Walmart's low-price edge in grocery wars Chief exec has big plan to revive struggling Toys R Us Fresh Market grocery chain acquired for $1.4 billion Amazon sees shipments for independent merchants more than double Related Products Aiming Higher: Words that Changed a State Selected Speeches by Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels Food for Thought: an Indiana Harvest Monitoring: Keeping Your Finger on the Pulse of School Improvement “Very wasteful” isn’t a phrase usually associated with Amazon.com Inc., which is so cost-conscious it once removed the light bulbs from its cafeteria’s vending machines. But after spending several months analyzing the online retailer’s grocery-shipping hubs back in 2014, that’s exactly how a mechanical engineering student described its approach to selling bananas. Workers at Amazon Fresh, the company’s grocery-delivery business, threw away about a third of the bananas it purchased because the service only sold the fruit in bunches of five, the student concluded. Employees trimmed each bunch down to size and chucked the excess. The research paper by Vrajesh Modi, who now works for Boston Consulting Group, highlighted other problems: Poorly trained employees often stood around with nothing to do. Moldy strawberries were frequently returned by disappointed customers. Amazon’s inspectors believed their corporate bosses didn’t care much about the quality of the food. Such challenges linger for Amazon. Despite several attempts to break into the $800 billion grocery industry and almost a decade into the business, the company has struggled to entice shoppers en masse to buy eggs, steaks and berries online the same way they’ve flocked to buy books, tablets and toys. “Online grocery is failing,” said Kurt Jetta, CEO of TABS Analytics, a consumer products research firm. Only 4.5 percent of shoppers made frequent online grocery purchases in 2016, up just slightly from 4.2 percent four years earlier despite big investments from companies such as Amazon, according to the firm’s annual surveys. “There’s just not a lot of demand there. The whole premise is that you’re saving people a trip to the store, but people actually like going to the store to buy groceries. The importance of physical stores Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos now seems to understand that he can’t win the grocery game with websites, warehouses and trucks alone. The world’s biggest online retailer sees brick-and-mortar stores playing a key role in a renewed grocery push, documents reviewed by Bloomberg show. And like it did with Amazon Fresh, the company is launching its newest projects in Seattle, its home town. Last Tuesday, men in cherry pickers worked through driving rain to affix “Amazon Fresh” signs to a drive-in grocery location in Seattle’s Ballard neighborhood, where shoppers can stop and have online orders loaded into their cars. Crews were busy on a similar site south of downtown, readying canopies over parking spaces to protect customers from the elements as they pick up their shopping bags. The secretive company has yet to announce the projects, and crews have covered the Amazon signs in black fabric and paper. Late last year, Amazon purchased supply-chain software from LLamasoft Inc.—a major departure for a company known for its logistics prowess, and defying an internal mantra of “we don’t buy, we build.” And it more recently restructured how various grocery teams were managed to narrow their focus and set clear priorities, according to people familiar with the company’s business. These changes come as Amazon breaks from its standard formula of shipping products in boxes out of jam-packed warehouses. Instead, it will invite shoppers inside its own grocery stores to smell the oranges, see the tomatoes and tap the watermelons. Ahead of a national rollout next year, Amazon is testing three brick-and-mortar grocery formats in Seattle—convenience stores called Amazon Go, the drive-in grocery kiosks, and a hybrid supermarket that mixes the best of online and in-store shopping. The company may open as many as 2,000 stores, according to internal documents. Keeping it quiet The company has said little about its grocery-store plans, aside from a video about Amazon Go’s no-checkout format that has racked up more than 8.7 million views on YouTube. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. Reports on its moves have dribbled out over the past several months, prompting occasional denials and retorts from the company. Seattle technology site Geekwire in August uncovered Amazon’s mysterious drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard. The New York Post in February said Amazon aimed to create “robot-run supermarkets” that would operate with only a few people. Bezos responded by tweeting to the Post: “Whoever your anonymous sources are on this story—they’ve mixed up their meds!” Amazon’s goal is to become a Top 5 grocery retailer by 2025, according to a person familiar with the matter. That would require more than $30 billion in annual food and beverage spending through its sites, up from $8.7 billion — including Amazon Fresh and all other food and drink sales—in 2016, according to Cowen & Co. Reaching that milestone would require a new wave of store and warehouse investments around the country, costing billions of dollars. That’s an existential change for Amazon, which initially stayed away from perishable goods and has mostly avoided the overhead of physical stores since it started in 1994. “A bunch of smart people at Amazon have been thinking about re-imagining the next phase of physical retail,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon executive who is now a managing director at Madrona Venture Group. “They want more share of the wallet, and habitual, frequent use of Amazon for groceries is the ultimate goal.” Confusing choices For Amazon shoppers interested in buying groceries online, the company’s current offerings can be confusing. Amazon Fresh is available in about 20 U.S. cities for those paying $14.99 a month. Amazon Pantry lets shoppers buy crackers, cookies, chips, coffee and other non-perishables for a delivery fee of $5.99 per box. Amazon’s speedy drop-off service, Prime Now, offers items from local grocers in some cities, but no major chains. Its stick-on Dash Buttons let people order many household products—including some groceries, but not fresh food—with a finger tap. And Subscribe & Save offers discounts to Amazon customers who sign up for periodic delivery of laundry detergent, toothpaste, diapers, paper towels and other items frequently purchased in grocery stores. The various initiatives have been a source of increasing internal tension as employees on different projects compete to sell the same things, according to a person familiar with the matter. One problem saddling Amazon Fresh is the high cost of losses caused by food going bad, an issue it’s never faced with books and toys. For conventional grocery sellers, browning bananas can be sold at a discount to smoothie-makers and bread bakers. Chicken breasts nearing their expiration dates can be marked down. With Amazon Fresh, such items must be discarded or are returned by frustrated customers, according to a person familiar with the matter. That has meant Amazon Fresh has lost money from spoilage at more than double the rate for a typical supermarket, said the person, who asked not to be identified discussing internal operations. The main reason Amazon began delivering groceries through Prime Now was to hand that risk back to the local grocers to lower Amazon’s costs. The company didn’t originally anticipate the scope or difficulty of these problems because so few people working on its grocery push have experience in the industry. “Grocery is the most alluring and treacherous category,” said Nadia Shouraboura, a former Amazon executive whose company, Hointer, has been working on redefining in-store grocery shopping for the past 18 months. “It lures inventors and retailers with shopping volume and frequency, and then sinks them with low margin.” Beyond grocery, Amazon executives have also discussed opening consumer electronics stores to showcase its gadgets and better compete with Best Buy Co., according to three people familiar with the plan. For years, Amazon executives have discussed the downside of an online-only strategy, mostly with regard to a lack of places for shoppers to try out Kindle electronic readers, the voice-activated Echo speaker and its defunct Fire smartphone. Amazon considered holding events similar to Tupperware parties when it introduced its first Kindle in 2007, fearing the products would languish unseen, Jacobson said. The handful of bookstores Amazon has opened around the country double as gadget showrooms, similar to the Apple Store. Changing mindsets Long term, a stronger grocery business could position Amazon to become a wholesale food-distribution business serving supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, hotels, hospitals and schools. But first the company has to find a way to get more people to think of Amazon when stocking their refrigerators and pantries. A group of Amazon executives met late last year to discuss the disadvantage Amazon faced compared with grocery competitors such as Wal-Mart and Kroger because of its lack of physical stores and customer apprehension about buying fresh foods online. They decided they needed something more to jump-start Amazon’s grocery push beyond plans already under way for the Amazon Go convenience store, modeled for urban areas, and drive-in grocery pick-up stations suited for the suburbs. They worked out plans for a third approach: grocery stores closer in size to a Trader Joe’s than a Wal-Mart to offer easy access to milk, eggs and produce.  Other items like paper towels, cereal, canned goods and dish detergent would be stocked on-site in a warehouse where they could be easily packed and delivered to shoppers at the location, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg. It would also serve as a delivery hub for online orders. Brittain Ladd, a supply chain consultant who joined Amazon in 2015 and most recently worked on its Amazon Fresh and Pantry expansions, wrote about such a store prior to joining Amazon in an academic paper called “A Beautiful Way to Save Woolworths.” Ladd envisioned two-story buildings where shoppers browse produce, bread and other fresh items on the ground level while their orders for paper towels, canned goods and cereal are packed in a warehouse above. “The stores will have the capability to fulfill online orders placed by customers within a specific radius of the store,” he wrote. “Amazon drivers and/or contractors will be assigned to deliver groceries.” The executives decided such a store would be worth pursuing for Amazon Fresh and ordered further research about ideal locations, how to integrate the stores with grocery delivery, and the use of automation to reduce overhead. Site selection for this store’s first model is happening now in Seattle, according to a person familiar with the plan. Testing Amazon Go Meanwhile, the first wave of its new grocery experiment, Amazon Go, was unveiled in December and for now is only open to employees while the systems are tested. Cameras and sensors monitor shoppers who scan their smartphones upon entering, allowing them to grab items like sandwiches, yogurt, drinks and snacks and automatically pay for them without a checkout kiosk. Products are embedded with tracking devices that pair with customers’ phones to charge their accounts. Weight-sensitive shelves tell Amazon when to restock. A patent filed by Amazon in 2014 suggests it could use facial-recognition technology to identify and then automatically charge in-store shoppers. In its video touting Amazon Go, the company said it was aiming to open the site to the public in “early 2017,” and it hasn’t provided an update to that timing. But the technology has been crashing in tests when the store gets too crowded and requires human quality control, people watching video images to make sure customers are charged for the right things, according to a person familiar with the plan. Beyond letting customers skip lines, the technology gives Amazon valuable data, said Guru Hariharan, founder of Boomerang Commerce Inc., which designs software for large retailers. Even if customers don’t purchase everything they touch, there’s value in understanding what shoppers consider but don’t ultimately buy, he said. That makes it worthwhile for Amazon to work through the kinks in the technology. “It takes a lot of time and experimentation to work through unpredictable scenarios like a child picking up an item or a person wearing sunglasses or a face muffler,” he said. At the same time, recent work and construction permits indicate the new drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard could open any day. “Amazon wants to be the first thing any consumer thinks of when they need to buy anything,” said Jim Hertel, a senior vice president at marketing technology company Inmar Inc. “Food is the largest retail category. They can’t do what they want to do without grocery and they’re definitely not going to give up.” Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Bloomberg News Notre Dame reportedly weighing bids for commercial sports rights Sears warns of ‘substantial doubt’ about company's future Wonder material might make spray-on solar cells a reality Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Last year, 31 donors gave $267M in big gifts to Hoosier not-for-profits Which local philanthropists made major donations in 2016 and where the money went Eli Lilly chasing psoriasis jackpot with Taltz Most Read Comments Most Emailed Big IU donors were complaining loudly about Crean Storied racetrack revved for a restart under new owner Salesforce unveils sign design for namesake tower Marsh poised for more closings, sued for nonpayment of rents HHGregg preparing to file for bankruptcy, sources say Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos Health Care Heroes 2017: Advancements More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Indiana's Aerospace & Defense sector is larger than you think. Learn more at our event April 21st. Tickets are available now! Engage with experts as they discuss promising science, tech & talent in central IN life sciences. Get your tickets today! Nominations Has your company seen rapid growth in the past 3 years? Nominate them today for IBJ's Fast 25! IBJ is accepting nominations for CTO of the Year awards! Help us recognize your top technology guru. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
just-style home News & insights News US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 23 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Stein Mart moved to a loss as a result of "aggressive" promotions.  PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp said it was "very pleased" with its fourth quarter results, which exceeded both sales and earnings guidance, despite seeing a25.1% drop in net income to US$100.5m from $134.2m in the year ago period.For the quarter ended 29 January, revenue of US$2.1bn was flat compared to the prior year period. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 3% to $932m, while Calvin Klein revenues fell 1% to $795m. Meanwhile,Heritage Brands' sales decreased 5% to $381m. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "We are very pleased with our fourth quarter results, which exceeded both our sales and earnings guidance despite the volatile macroeconomic environment and the highly promotional retail market in the US. We continued to demonstrate strong momentum in our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it saw "solid progress" on its strategic plan in the fourth quarter, which led to sales growth in its core global brands, expansion in gross margin and earnings in line with guidance. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$9m, compared to a loss of $17.7m in the year-ago period.   Gross margin expanded 150 basis points to 38.7% from 37.2%, while total sales dropped 4.7% to $204.2m from $214.4m last year. This reflected a 1.4% (3.2% on constant currency) increase in men's business including Perry Ellis, Original Penguin, Golf Lifestyle Apparel and Nike, offset by a number of factors, including a comparable sales decline of 6.2% within direct-to-consumer business as store traffic dropped by 15%. J Crew US fashion retailer J Crew booked a mixed fourth-quarter as the company moved to a profit but booked lower sales. Net income amounted to US$1.1m from a loss of $7m a year earlier, while gross margin widened to 34.7% from 33.3%. Net sales at J Crew were down 5% to $572.6m from $604.5m last year, while those at Madewell rose 11% to $102.9m from $92.5m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, total revenues fell 2% to $695m, while comparable company sales decreased 5% following a decline of 4% in the fourth quarter last year. CEO Millard Drexler noted: "While the overall retail environment remains challenging, we continue our disciplined management of expenses and inventory and remain focused on delivering the very best, iconic J.Crew and Madewell products our customers love across all channels. As a team, we are taking important steps to drive improved operational excellence across the company."  Destination XL Group, Inc Destination XL has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as the company moved to a profit but booked lower sales. Earnings amounted to US$1.8m from a loss of $1.4m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 44.9% from 45.8% due to a drop in merchandise margin and occupancy costs as a percentage of sales. Total sales of $122.6m were down slightly from $124m in the prior-year quarter. Total comparable sales dropped 2.4%, while DXL comparable sales fell 1.9%. "Despite the 2016 retail environment being one of the most challenging in recent memory, we were very pleased to deliver strong growth," said CEO David Levin. "We enter the new fiscal year keenly focused on continuing to grow our customer base by leveraging our fully developed fleet of DXL stores and elevating our digital distribution channel." Caleres Footwear retailer Caleres booked a loss of US$6.6m in the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin was up 4 basis points to 40.8%, while net sales increased 5.1% to $639.5m, compared to $608.7m last year. "Despite a promotional and challenging retail environment in the fourth quarter, we maintained our consistent approach of managing the areas under our control while continuing to rapidly respond to changing consumer shopping behaviours," said CEO Diane Sullivan.   Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a net loss of US$12.8m for the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $11.8m in the year-ago period. Fourth-quarter gross margin decreased to 28.8% of sales from 36.1% of sales in 2015, primarily due to reduced merchandise margins and higher occupancy costs. Sales for the period were $218.2m, a decrease of 12% on last year's $247.3m. Same-store sales were also down 12% for the quarter. CEO John Cato said 2016 was a "very disappointing year" for the company. He added: "The overall apparel retail environment continued to be difficult and was compounded by several mistakes of our own.  We also are being impacted by the disruption caused by the growth of online sales at other retailers, resulting in lower store traffic.  In the back half of the year, we made several mistakes in our merchandise assortment, fit and timing.  This resulted in significant reductions to regular priced sales causing us to liquidate a large portion of our slow selling inventory which put severe pressure on earnings." DSW DSW said its return to year over year earnings growth continued in the fourth quarter, with net income rising 158.5% to US$30.5m, compared to $11.8m in the year-ago period. Gross profit increased by 50 bps, while total sales edged up slightly, increasing 0.4% to  $674.6m. Comparable sales meanwhile, decreased 7% compared to last year's 0.7% increase. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "After making fundamental changes to our core business last year, we are laser focused on driving comp growth through our merchandise and allocation initiatives and the elevation of our customer's digital experience." The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores saw earnings and revenue decline in the fourth quarter. The York, Pennsylvania-based company recorded net income of US$44.7m, down from $50.6m in the year-ago period. Gross margin increased 145 basis points to 36.2% compared to last year, primarily due to reduced markdowns and lower distribution costs, partially offset by deleverage from lower sales volume. Total sales in the period decreased 5.5% to $877.3m, versus $927.9m last year, while comparable store sales decreased 4.7% as compared with the prior year period. Tilly's  Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's says it is encouraged by its fourth-quarter results as earnings reached US$6.3m from $2.9m a year earlier. Gross margin dropped to 30.6% from 31.4% last year, primarily due to a 60 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns and a 20 basis point increase in buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Total sales edged up 0.7% to $160.2m, while comparable sales were up 0.1%. CEO, Ed Thomas, said: "While we are encouraged by these results, we will continue to seek ways to improve profitability and continue our progress during fiscal 2017." Genesco Genesco booked declines in both earnings and revenue during the fourth quarter. Net earnings reached US$46.5m compared to earnings of $44.7m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped 5% to $883m from $932m, reflecting the sale of the Lids Team Sports business in the fourth quarter of last year and a decrease of approximately 2% in sales from the remaining businesses. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalogue sales were flat  with an 8% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 6% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 2% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 1% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group.  Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends posted profit and sales increases in its fourth-quarter. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income increased 60% to US$5.6m, compared to $3.5m in the year-ago period. Sales were also up, increasing 5.4% to $185.5m from $176.1m last year, while comparable sales grew 3.4%.  The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the fourth quarter, with the former dropping to US$36m from $54.3m a year earlier. Revenues were down 15.7% to $280m from net sales of $332m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 16.1%. Online sales were down 8.8% to $32.2m for the 13-week period ended 28 January.  Zumiez  Zumiez said its fourth-quarter earnings performance exceeded expectations,with net income in the period ended 28 January, increasing 38.3% to US$18.2m, compared to $13.1m in the year-ago period. Net sales for the quarter were also up, increasing 8.7% to $263.6m from $242.4m, while comparable sales for the period increased 5.1% compared to a 9.5% decrease last year. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, moved to a loss in its fourth-quarter. For the period ended 31 December, net loss from continuing operations was US$4.9m, compared to net income from continuing operations of $0.7m for the prior year period. Net sales, meanwhile, were up 108% to $42m from $20.3m in the prior year period, primarily due to the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands, as well as 3% growth in Robert Graham. Gross margin fell to 51.8% compared to 59.9% last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans, which carries a lower gross margin rate as a wholesale business. Sears Holdings US retail giant Sears Holdings revealed a widening of its net loss in the quarter to US$607m from $580m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.3%, primarily attributed to lower margins in the apparel business, and an increase in promotional activities. Net revenues fell to $6.1bn from $7.3bn in the prior year quarter. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "We delivered significant Adjusted EBITDA improvement in the fourth quarter, reflecting our firm focus on profitability to offset ongoing revenue pressures. Building on this positive momentum, we are taking decisive actions to become a more agile and competitive retailer with a clear path toward profitability." Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, the former Men's Wearhouse, said it has booked a lower than expected fourth-quarter, despite driving its net loss down to US$30.1m, compared to $1.1bn last year. Retail gross margin increased 60 basis points to 39.0%, primarily as a result of "anniversarying" an $11m inventory write-down in last year's fourth-quarter. "Unfortunately, the challenging retail environment resulted in soft traffic across our retail brands, which drove lower than anticipated fourth quarter and full year net sales and gross margins," said CEO Doug Ewert. Express Express said its fourth-quarter earnings were in line with its guidance, despite net income dropping to US$22.8m from $56.1m a year earlier. Merchandise margin declined by 330 basis points, driven by increased promotional activity. Net sales fell 11% to $678.8m from $765.6m, while comparable sales (including e-commerce sales) decreased 13%. CEO David Kornberg, noted:  "Despite ongoing pressures in the retail sector, our fourth quarter earnings were in line with previously issued guidance. As expected, our store performance continued to be impacted by challenging mall traffic and a promotional retail environment. As our industry adapts to changing consumer preferences, we continue to invest in our omni-channel and marketing capabilities to ensure that we capitalize on this evolution."  The Children's Place, Inc The Children's Place has achieved what it says was a "spectacular" year thanks to significant progress on its numerous self-help initiatives. "Our product assortment, supported by a foundation of superior design, sourcing and merchandising capabilities, clearly resonated with our customers," said CEO Jane Elfers. Net income for the quarter almost doubled to US$34.2m from $17.5m a year earlier. Gross margin improved 50 basis points to 36.1% thanks to merchandise margin leverage and a higher Average Unit Retail (AUR). Net sales were up 4.5% to $520.8m on a comparable retail sales increase of 6.9%. For the full year, earnings soared 77% to $102.3m, while net sales were up 3.4% to $1.78bn. Stein Mart, Inc Stein Mart has revealed a "disappointing" fourth-quarter as the company continued to work through higher than desired inventory levels and the impact of changes to marketing, merchandising and promotions implemented during the third quarter. The company moved to a net loss of US$4.9m from earnings $6.3m a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 22.8% from 26.8% a year earlier. Total sales were down 2.2% to $385.5m, while comparable store sales dropped 5.5%. CEO Hunt Hawkins, said: "With our new executive leadership now in place, 2017 will be a year of transition as we refine and organise around our strategies. Lessons learned from last year have us keenly focused on changes we need to make to our business to significantly improve management of our inventories and increase sales productivity." Weyco Group, Inc Weyco has booked a mixed fourth-quarter as earnings rose but sales fell. For the three month period, net income amounted to US$8.3m from $8.2m a year earlier. The 2015 figure included a $458,000 earnout payment relating to the company's 2011 acquisition of the BOGS/Rafters brands. Without this, earnings would have been down 9%. Net sales for the quarter were down 6% to $82.1m. Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said it was pleased with its fourth-quarter, despite booking a mixed period which saw revenues rise but earnings fall. For the 13 weeks to 28 January, net income fell 30% to US$90.2m, compared to $129m in the year-ago period. Net sales increased 10.9% to US$2.5bn, while same-store sales were up 5.3%. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will "continue to be aggressive" and evolve its business.  Black Diamond, Inc. Black Diamond has narrowed its losses in the fourth quarter, to US$1.39bn from $31.7bn a year earlier. Gross margin narrowed to 29.1% from 33.5%, weighed down by foreign currency headwinds. Sales were down 6% to $41.4m, due to unseasonably dry European winter conditions impacting ski product sales and the company's measured approach to scaling back its apparel line. CEO John Walbrecht, said: "While we still faced foreign exchange headwinds and margin constraints due to our manufacturing repatriation, demand for climbing and mountain products remained strong. We also continued to experience growing momentum in our direct-to-consumer and independent global distributor businesses, as both channels continue to grow in the strong double-digits." Sequential Brands Brand management company Sequential Brands narrowed its losses to US$980,000 in the fourth quarter, from $5.7m in the same period last year. Revenue for the three months to 31 December increased 44% to $45.4m, compared to $31.4m in the year-ago period. For the year ending 31 December, 2017, the company is expecting $170m to $175m in revenue. CEO Yehuda Shmidman said: "Looking ahead, despite a challenging macro retail environment, we will remain focused on growing our core business and maximising operating efficiencies, inclusive of new revenue initiatives already underway." Stage Stores Stage Stores moved to a loss in the fourth quarter and revealed a drop in sales. For the quarter ended 28 January, net loss was US$6.8m versus a profit of $21m last year. Net sales fell 9.6% to $454.4m, compared to $502.6m in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were down 8.5%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "Our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings reflect continued challenges in our oil impacted and border states, as well as the overall soft retail environment. Weak traffic led to heightened promotional activity and gross margin pressure in the quarter, yet we are pleased to end 2016 with inventory levels that are 6% lower than last year. In addition, our direct-to-consumer business grew at a double digit rate as we enhanced our customers' online experience."   Burlington Stores Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue incense in the fourth quarter, booking a 27.1% rise in net income from US$98.8m to $125.6m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 41.8%, driven by improved shortage results. Net sales were up 9.4%, or $144.9m, to $1.7bn from $1.5bn thanks to a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales and $82.1m in sales from new and non-comparable stores. For the full year, the company expects sales to increase in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, and comparable sales to be up 2% to 3%. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abercrombie & Fitch said its fourth-quarter results did not meet expectations, despite 2016 being a year of "significant progress" on each of its strategic priorities. Earnings were down 15.4% to US$48.8m, while gross margin narrowed 90 basis points to 59.3%. Net sales fell 7% to $1.04bn, with comparable sales for the quarter down 5%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 13% to $442.4m, while Hollister sales were down 2% to $594m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 8% to $688.2m in the US, and 5% to $348.2m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "We continued to proactively respond to the evolving retail landscape through our store closure and channel optimisation initiatives. While the environment is likely to remain challenging in 2017, we have a strong balance sheet and continue to aggressively manage costs … to position our business for sustainable growth." Croc's US footwear firm Crocs  booked revenue in-line with guidance at US$187.4m from $208.7m a year earlier. On a constant-currency basis, revenues fell 10.5%. The company reported a net loss of $40.6m, compared to a loss of $70.2m in the year ago period. CEO Gregg Ribatt said: "Our fourth quarter revenues were in line with our expectations while our adjusted gross margin rate improved by approximately 550 basis points versus prior year. This gross margin gain was less than previously anticipated due to currency and channel mix fluctuations and also to certain one-time events, however we are still on track to achieve our medium-term target for gross margins in the low 50% range." Crocs also revealed Ribbatt will step down as CEO but continue in his board role. Andrew Rees, who joined the company in June 2014 as president, will be promoted to president and CEO, effective 1 June. The company will also close aroundd 160 stores by the end of 2018, reducing its total store count from 558 to around 400.  American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a decline in both earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter, with net income slipping 33.1% to US$54.6m from $81.7m in the year ago period. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 35.4%, compared to 35.1% last year. Total revenues decreased 1% to $1.1bn from $1.11bn in the same period last year. Consolidated comparable sales were up slightly, following a 4% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "We've made great progress, yet we have much more opportunity across the marketplace. I'm confident that the strength of our brands and focused priorities will enable us to deliver long-term returns to our shareholders." Ross Stores Ross Stores booked fourth-quarter earnings and sales that beat company expectations. Net profit grew 13.8% to US$300.6m from $264.2m last year, while total sales rose 8% to $3.5bn. Comparable store sales were up 4% versus a 4% gain in the prior year. CEO Barbara Rentler noted: "We are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multi-year comparisons and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continued to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home."For the year ending 3 February, 2018, the company has forecast EPS in the range of $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it is pleased with the momentum in its core business after delivering what it called "solid" earnings results in the fourth quarter. For the three months ended 31 December, earnings climbed 11.5% to US$28.7m from $25.7m last year. However, the company said overall sales declined "modestly" due primarily to softness in its private label footwear and cold weather accessories businesses. Sales were down 2.3% in the period to $336.4m, compared to $344.3m last year. Gross margin expanded 260 basis points to 38.7% as compared to 36.1%. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said while the company is cautious about the overall environment, it is confident it can drive top and bottom line growth in 2017 and beyond. Target Corp US retail group Target has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on soft store traffic declines and what it calls rapidly-changing consumerbehaviour. For the three months ended 28 January, net earnings tumbled 42.7% from US$1.4bn to $817m. Sales dropped 4.3% to $20.7bn from $21.6bn, reflecting a 1.5% decline in comparable sales combined with the removal of pharmacy and clinic sales from this year's results. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 34% and contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 26.9%, compared with 27.9% in the year ago period. The retailer said it will reveal a new financial model later today, designed to position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in "this new era in retail".  "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behaviour, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Foot Locker, Inc US footwear retailer Foot Locker has generated what it says is its seventh consecutive year of "meaningful" sales and profit growth as it revealed higher earnings in its fourth-quarter to US$189m from $158m a year earlier. Gross margin improved to 33.7% of sales from 33.6% a year ago, while total sales climbed 5.3% to $2.11bn. Comparable store sales increased 5%. CEO Richard Johnson, said: "Generating our seventh consecutive year of meaningful sales and profit growth is a strong testament to Foot Locker's solid position at the centre of sneaker culture. Due in part to the change in the cadence of income tax refund check distribution, we are facing a challenging retail sales environment as we enter 2017; however, we believe the strategic initiatives we have in place, coupled with our strong vendor relationships, will enable us to deliver another year of record performance." Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked fourth-quarter earnings that exceeded expectations, reflecting what it calls "continuous improvements" to its operating model. For the period ended 28 January, net earnings were up 11.7% to US$201m, from $180m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.4% to $4.2bn compared to $4.1bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.9%. Gross margin, meanwhile, improved 112 basis points, reflecting strong inventory execution in addition to reduced competitive markdowns. For the full year, the company reached record sales of $14.5bn, up from $14.1bn last year. Carter's, Inc Carter's has had what it says was a "strong finish to another record year" as it revealed higher sales and earnings in its fourth-quarter. Net income was up 20% to US$87.1m, while operating margin improved 150 basis points to 14.9%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 7.8% to reach $67.7m, thanks to revenue growth in nearly every business segment. CEO Michael Casey, said: "Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children's apparel, extending the reach of our brands, and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our profit margins, and increase the return of capital to shareholders. We are forecasting good growth in sales and earnings in 2017." Kohl's Department store retailer Kohl's has posted what it says are "weak" sales results for the fourth quarter, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic. For the three months ended 28 January, net sales dropped 2.8% to US$6.21bn from $6.39bn in the year-ago period. Net profit was also down, falling 15% to $252m, compared to $296 last year. Gross margin was flat at 33.4%. CEO Kevin Mansell, said: "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic, and offset somewhat by strength in online demand. We saw improvement in merchandise margin, and our team continued to manage inventory and expenses extremely well. In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March. We will also extend our efforts on improving our speed to market across all of our proprietary brands into all apparel areas and home." L Brands L Brands booked a mixed fourth-quarter as sales climbed but earnings fell, albeit only slightly. For the three months ended 28 January, the owner of Victoria's Secret said net income fell 0.7% to US$631.7m from $636.0m a year ago. Meanwhile, the company reported net sales of $4.5bn, an increase of 2% compared to sales of $4.4bn for the year ago period. Comparable sales were flat for the period. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 2 percentage points and 4 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company said it expects first-quarter earnings per share to be $0.20 to $0.25, and $3.05 to $3.35 for 2017 full-year earnings. Iconix Brand Group Brand management company Iconix Brand Group booked a loss of approximately US$297.5m in its fourth-quarter, compared to a loss of around $263.0m a year earlier. Licensing sales fell 8% to $87.1m Revenue in the prior year's fourth quarter included approximately $1.3m of licensing revenue from the Badgley Mischka brand, Iconix said, for which there was no comparable revenue this year, due to its sale in the first quarter. The company also made an operating loss of around $385.8m, as compared to a loss of $398.2m in the year ago period. CEO John Haugh said: "2016 was a year of transition for Iconix. Our operating performance was in-line with our guidance. I believe the changes we have made over the past year provide a strong foundation to drive long term growth and shareholder value."  Chico's FAS, Inc Chico's says it is "extremely pleased" with its fourth-quarter results as it moved to a profit thanks to gross margin expansion and execution of its strategic initiatives. Earnings amounted to US$13.5m from a loss of $21.1m a year earlier, while gross margin expanded to 35.5% from 34.4%. Sales, meanwhile, dropped 4.9% to $600.8m as a result of the sale of the firm's Boston Proper direct-to-consumer business last year. Excluding this, sales dropped 2.3%, primarily reflecting a decline in comparable sales of 2.5%, comprised of reduced transaction count and an increase in average dollar sale. TJX Companies TJX Companies revealed an "above-plan" fourth-quarter, booking increases in both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income grew1.7% to US$678m from $666m in the year ago period. Gross profit margin was down 0.4 percentage points to 28.3%, versus the prior year. Net sales were up 6% to $9.5bn, compared to $9bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%. CEO and president Ernie Herrman said: "The year 2016 was another terrific year for TJX on top of many great years. We were proud to mark our 40-year milestone as a company and surpass $33bn in sales." Wolverine Worldwide US clothing and footwear business Wolverine Worldwide has reported a net loss of $2.4m in the fourth quarter, compared to earnings of $11.9m last year. For the period ended 31 December, the company booked a drop in sales, with reported revenue falling 2.9% to US$729.6m compared to the year ago period. Reported gross margin widened slightly to 36.6% from 36.2% in the prior year, and 37.7% on a constant currency basis, an increase of 110 basis points versus the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $1.20 in year ago period. CEO Blake Krueger said the company is "well positioned going into 2017 to deliver stronger earnings and perform in what we believe will be a consumer and retail environment that we refer to internally as the 'new normal.'"  Dillard's, Inc Dillards has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on mall traffic declines from continued retail industry challenges. "In response, we are ramping up our efforts to bring more distinctive brand and service experiences to Dillard's, both in-store and online," said CEO William Dillard. Earnings fell to US$56.9m from $84m a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations narrowed 73 basis points. Net sales dropped to $1.94bn from $2.07bn last year. Macy's Department store retailer Macy's saw both earnings and sales fall in its fourth-quarter, and said it expects total sales to be down between 3.2%-4.3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the 66 stores closed in 2016. Net income fell 12.7% to US$475m from $544m in the year ago period. Gross margin widened slightly to 38.8% from 37.4%, while net sales totalled $8.5bn, a drop of 4.5% on last year. Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis were down 2.1% in the quarter. Macy's also revealed its previously announced CEO transition will take place on 23 March. Jeff Gennette, currently president of Macy's, will assume the CEO role and Terry Lundgren will continue as executive chairman of the company. Walmart, Inc US retail giant Walmart has booked a drop in fourth-quarter earnings, weighed down by a drop in sales in its international division and heavy investment in its both its store and e-commerce operations. Net profit fell 17.9% to US$3.76bn, while total sales edged up 1% to $130.9bn. Comparable sales were up for the tenth consecutive quarter, at 1.8%. Wal-Mart's online sales also accelerated, boosted by its acquisition of Jet.com, with US digital sales jumping 29%. Domestic sales were up 2.8% to $83.7bn, while international sales fell 5.1% to $31bn. Sam's Club sales were up 3% to $14.98bn. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," says CEO Doug McMillon. "We had a very solid fourth-quarter. Our international business is consistently delivering solid sales growth in constant currency, and Sam's Club posted its best comp sales growth of the year." VF Corporation US apparel giant VF Corporation revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016. Net income fell 15% to US$264.3m in the three months to December, from $312.2m the year before. As a result of the sale of its Contemporary Brands businesses, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $98m in 2016, which also includes the operating results of the businesses, net of tax. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to a record 49.1% on a reported basis, while total revenues were relatively flat at $3.32 from $3.33. Brand revenue at Vans was up 14% and by 4% at Timberland, but fell 8% at The North Face. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade says it is exploring and evaluating "strategic alternatives to further enhance shareholder value" as it revealed higher fourth-quarter earnings and sales. Net earnings reached US$87m in the three months to the end of December from $62m a year earlier. Gross margin, however, narrowed to 59.2% from 60.2%, while net sales were up 9.8% to $471m. Direct-to-consumer comparable sales growth reached 9.3%. For the full year, earnings jumped to $153.6m from $17.1m, while net sales climbed 11.2% to $1.38bn. Rocky Brands Rocky Brands has moved to a loss in both its fourth-quarter and full-year, after incurring non-cash impairment charges. Despite this, CEO Mike Brooks said he is "confident" the changes to the company's operating strategies and leadership team has made it a stronger organisation that will return greater value to its shareholders over the long-term. For the three months ended 31 December, Rocky Brands reported a net loss of US$0.6m from earnings of $1.4m in the year ago period. Excluding charges, the company recorded earnings of $1.3m. Sales, meanwhile, increased 2.6% to $67m. Wholesale sales declined 8.9% to $42.4m, while retail sales edged up to $13.7m from $13.5m. Gross margin dropped 140 basis points to 32.5%. For the full year, net losses amounted to $2.1m from earnings of $6.6m in 2015. Excluding charges, the company made earnings of $0.6m. Sales decreased 3.4% to $260.3m. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase slightly in the fourth quarter, up 1% to US$1.29bn from $1.28bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 27 November, net income slipped to $96m, down 5% from $101m last year. The decline reflected investments associated with the expansion of company-operated stores network and e-commerce, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 50.7% from 51.2%. In Europe, net revenues were up 13%, while in both the Americas and Asia net revenues declined 1%. "We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive year of profitable constant currency revenue growth behind the strength of the Levi's brand and our global direct-to-consumer business," said Chip Bergh, president CEO. "Looking ahead, although it remains a very challenging environment, given our diversified portfolio we remain optimistic about our long term prospects for growth." Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record four-quarter net sales of US$717.4m, a 3% increase compared with net sales of $699.4m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 34% to $84.7m from $63.4m in the year ago period. For the full year, Columbia also booked record sales and earnings, with net sales up 2% to $2.38bn and net income reaching $191.9m, a 10% increase on fiscal 2015. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 4%, and net income of between $192m and $200m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "We are very proud of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance against a challenging backdrop in many of our largest markets. Record net sales, record gross margins, record operating income, expanded operating margin, and record net income reflect our powerful brand portfolio, robust operational platforms and disciplined prioritisation of investments." Skechers  Despite achieving new fourth-quarter and full-year net sales records, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip by more than three quarters in the three months ended 31 December. Sales in the quarter were up 5.8% to US$764.3m on last year, but the company reported an earnings decline of 77.4% to $6.7m. For the full year, net sales increased 13.2% to $3.56bn on last year, while earnings reached $243.5m, compared to $231.9m at the end of 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects net sales in the range of $1.05bn to $1.08bn. Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters has delivered "record" fourth-quarter sales, growing 2% to US$1.03bn. However total comparable sales were flat, but were up 2% at the Urban Outfitters brand and 1.2% at Free People. Comparable sales decreased 2.9% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by lower retail store comparable net sales. Net income meanwhile, slipped 12.2% to $64m from $72.9m in the year-ago period. For the full year, total company net sales increased to $3.5bn or 3% over the prior year. Comparable sales increased 1%. Net income fell 2.9% to $218m, versus $224.5bn last year. Tweet PSF 2017 – Unlocks for the future fashion sourcing landscape PREVIOUS Bebe Stores exploring options amid Q2 loss NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, American Eagle Outfitters, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Crocs Inc, Destination XL Group, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, Genesco Inc, Iconix Brand Group Inc, J Crew Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kohl’s Corporation, Macy’s Inc, Nordstrom Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Sears Holdings Corporation, Sequential Brands Group, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Stein Mart, Steven Madden, Tailored Brands Inc , Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Weyco Group, Wolverine World Wide Inc, Zumiez Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW NEWS Sears has "substantial doubt" of future RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... NEWS American Eagle Outfitters outlines 2017 growth plans US apparel retailer American Eagle Outfitters has revealed plans for new-look stores, designed to highlight its "leading" jeans business, alongside plans to grow its Aerie lingerie brand. ... RESEARCH Childrenswear in Israel Childrenswear is a fast-growing apparel category in Israel. This growth is derived mainly from the constantly positive birth rate and the greater willingness of Israeli parents to spend money on their... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights What TTIP might mean for US, EU textiles & apparel Four steps to reduce product defects Unlocks for the future fashion sourcing landscape Geo-political uncertainty and how to survive it Adidas raises the bar for North America sales News H&M, VF Corp and Levi among most ethical companies US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis Sears has "substantial doubt" of future Vietnam limits hazardous chemicals in apparel PVH Corp to acquire e-commerce retailer True&Co Market research Central and East Europe Report Package Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc Adidas Group VF Corporation Inditex SA Gap Inc Wal-Mart Stores Inc Levi Strauss & Co Primark Zara Under Armour Inc PVH Corporation Target Corporation JC Penney Company Inc Tesco Plc Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A Lectra Fast Retailing Co Ltd All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Latest News Dow 20,661 -6.71 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,822 +27.82 +0.48% S&P 500 2,348 +4.43 +0.19% 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence 9:09 A.M. ET Updated This is how the Republican health-care bill will affect the elderly 9:06 A.M. ET Cloud Peak Energy upgraded to market perform from underperform at FBR & Co. 9:03 A.M. ET Updated Jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 9:00 A.M. ET Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:00 A.M. ET Inside New York’s Billionaire Buildings 8:53 A.M. ET Updated Most people don’t use Tinder for love or sex — here’s why they really use it 8:52 A.M. ET Gold futures’ stock-driven run pauses after 5 days 8:51 A.M. ET Crude oil turns lower, down 0.2% at $47.94 a barrel 8:50 A.M. ET Apple to start making iPhones in India over next two months Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release Forbes’ 31st Annual World’s Billionaires Issue By Published: Mar 20, 2017 8:37 a.m. ET Share Record Number of 2,043 Billionaires Made the 2017 List of the World’s Richest PeoplePLUS: President Trump’s Current Net Worth --$3.5 Billion – And The Global Web of Partners Cashing in on the 45th President**Please include a link to www.forbes.com/billionaires in any coverage** NEW YORK, Mar 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- A record 2,043 billionaires made Forbes’ 31 [st] annual ranking of the world’s billionaires, as featured in the March 28, 2017 issue of Forbes magazine. To view the list, visit www.forbes.com/billionaires. “Booming stock markets, higher commodities prices and plain old-fashioned entrepreneurship helped make this a record year in terms of wealth creation around the globe,” said Luisa Kroll and Kerry Dolan, Assistant Managing Editors of Wealth at Forbes Media. Bill Gates remains in the top spot for the fourth year in a row and has been the richest person in the world for 18 out of the past 23 years. Gates has a fortune of $86 billion, up from $75 billion last year. Warren Buffett, worth $75.6 billion, up from $60.8 billion in 2016, reclaimed the No. 2 slot, after a two-year hiatus. The biggest gainer on the 2017 list is Jeff Bezos (No. 3), whose fortune increased by $27.6 billion for a total net worth of $72.8 billion. This is Bezos’ first time in the top three. Spanish clothing retailer Amancio Ortega (best known for the Zara fashion chain) drops to No. 4, despite his net worth increasing to $71.3 billion. Rounding out the top five is Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, worth $56 billion. 2,043 billionaires (up from 1,810 in 2016) made the list, with an average net worth of $3.75 billion. The change in the total number of billionaires – up 233 since last year – was the biggest increase in 31 years. The total combined net worth of this year’s billionaires was $7.67 trillion, up from $6.48 trillion last year. 1,371 members were self-made billionaires. 238 inherited their wealth; another 434 inherited at least a portion but are still growing it. How Much is President Trump Worth Now? Forbes also released today a detailed analysis of how much President Trump is currently worth. He ranks No. 544 on the list, worth $3.5 billion. Midtown Manhattan real estate is down; therefore, so is Donald Trump’s fortune. In October 2016, at the time of the release of the 2016 Forbes 400 list of wealthiest Americans, Forbes valued Trump’s net worth at $3.7 billion. In the feature package “In Trump They Trust,”Forbes provides an exclusive look into the global web of partners who are cashing in on the 45 [th] president. A previously little-known batch of billionaires and multimillionaires from around the world suddenly find themselves in an unprecedented position: How do you cash in on a partnership with the President of the United States? The Trump Clone – Hary Tanoesoedibjo(on the cover) shares more than luxury resorts with Donald Trump. The Indonesian billionaire is laying the groundwork to become president of the world’s fourth-largest country. The Strongman’s Middleman – Robbie and Jose Antonio are about to open a Trump Tower in Manila. Jose is also the Philippines’ new trade envoy to America… Coincidence? The Donald of the Desert – Master marketer Hussain Sajwani is betting he can still sell Trump in Dubai. The President’s Gambling Buddy – Donald Trump famously failed in Atlantic City, but he’s scored big in Vegas, courtesy of his partner, billionaire Phil Ruffin – who is taking steps to open a new Trump casino there. Locked In – Trump’s newest building in left-leaning Vancouver, has been profitable for its Malaysian partners from the get-go. But they may already regret doing the deal. Salesmen of the Subcontinent – Indian luxury real estate is stalled, but Trump’s partners are cashing in.. slowly. Key Highlights from Forbes’ 2017 World’s Billionaires list: Women The total number of women on the list is 227, up from 202 in 2016. A record 56 of those women are self-made billionaires; an all-time high of 25% of the world’s women billionaires are self-made, compared to 21% in 2016. The richest self-made woman is Hong Kong’s Zhou Qunfei, whose Lens Technology went public in 2015. The U.S. boasts the most women billionaires on the 2017 list, with 74, followed by Germany with 28 and China with 23 (10 more than a year ago). These numbers include 5 women in the U.S. who have built companies with their husbands (with whom they are listed), and 1 woman in Germany who shares an inherited fortune with her brother-in-law. Newcomers/Drop-Offs This year 195 billionaires were new to the list, down from the 198 newcomers in 2016. China had the most newcomers, adding 76 to the list. 25 newcomers were from the U.S., 13 from India and 5 from Germany. Notable newcomers included Vietnam's first self-made woman billionaire, Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao, who took her budget airline, VietJet Air, public in February 2017. Also new to the list is Japan’s first self-made woman billionaire, Yoshiko Shinohara, who started a part-time staffing firm from her one-bedroom Tokyo apartment to help women get into the workforce. She debuts thanks to a 50% surge in the stock price of her company, Temp Holdings, in the past year. Other notable newcomers to the list include: Australian Manny Stul, whose toy company created the popular Shopkins collectibles; American Yvon Chouinard, the founder of outdoor gear maker Patagonia; and Juan Francisco Beckmann Vidal of Mexico, who is chairman of tequila maker Jose Cuervo. 56 billionaires are under 40 this year, down from 66 in 2016. Altogether, 78 people dropped out of the rankings, a significant decrease from 2016’s 221 drop-offs. By Country Regionally, Asia-Pacific boasted the most billionaires, with 720 billionaires, followed by the United States with 565 and Europe with 530. By country, the U.S. led with the greatest number of billionaires, with 565, followed by mainland China with 319, Germany with 114, India with 101 and Russia with 96. California alone has 140 billionaires, more than any country besides the U.S. and China. The United Kingdom has 54 billionaires, versus 50 in 2016; this year there are 5 U.K. newcomers, including Philip Day, 51-year-old fashion mogul who runs Edinburgh Woolen Mill. There are billionaires from 71 countries and territories this year, compared to 67 last year. Returning to the list are Kuwait, St. Kitts & Nevis and Macau. Wealth is stretching to new corners of the world, with one new country, Slovakia, represented on the list. Top 20 The Top 20 billionaires have a combined net worth of $938.4 billion, up from $826.5 billion in 2016. RANK     NAME     NET WORTH ($bil)     UP/DOWN FROM 2016     COUNTRY (by citizenship)     ORIGIN OF WEALTH 1     Bill Gates     $86     Up     United States     Microsoft 2     Warren Buffett     75.6     Up     United States     Berkshire Hathaway 3     Jeff Bezos     72.8     Up     United States     Amazon.com 4     Amancio Ortega     71.3     Up     Spain     Zara 5     Mark Zuckerberg     56     Up     United States     Facebook 6     Carlos Slim Helu & family     54.5     Up     Mexico     telecom 7     Larry Ellison     52.2     Up     United States     software 8     Charles Koch     48.3     Up     United States     diversified 8     David Koch     48.3     Up     United States     diversified 10     Michael Bloomberg     47.5     Up     United States     Bloomberg LP 11     Bernard Arnault & family     41.5     Up     France     LVMH 12     Larry Page     40.7     Up     United States     Google 13     Sergey Brin     39.8     Up     United States     Google 14     Liliane Bettencourt & family     39.5     Up     France     L'Oreal 15     S. Robson Walton     34.1     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 16     Jim Walton     34     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 17     Alice Walton     33.8     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 18     Wang Jianlin     31.3     Up     China     real estate 19     Li Ka-shing     31.2     Up     Hong Kong     diversified 20     Sheldon Adelson     30.4     Up     United States     casinos   Methodology Forbes’ World’s Billionaires list is a snapshot of wealth taken on February 17, 2017, when stock prices and exchange rates were locked in from around the world. The list features individuals rather than multigenerational families who share large fortunes. In some cases, siblings and couples are listed together if the ownership breakdown among them isn’t clear; however, they still must be worth on average a minimum of $1 billion apiece to make the cut. For the full list, videos and more, visit www.forbes.com/billionaires . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005605/en/ SOURCE: Forbes"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Forbes Media: Forbes U.S. Christina Vega, 212-206-5155 cvega@forbes.com or Crystal Kwok, 212-367-4871 ckwok@forbes.com or Asia Catherine Ong, +65- 6327-6088 cath@catherineong.com or Europe Rose Schreiber, +44 (0) 20-3745-4960 r.schreiber@hawthornadvisors.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Lord Myners urges crackdown on companies buying UK firms as sterling slump spurs foreign interest Lord Myners likened the UK market to a 'garage sale' in which 'everything is up for sale if the price is right' Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 20 March 2017 11:24 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Lord Myners had said the Co-operative group needed to take urgent steps to avoid going bust PA Lord Myners has predicted that "five or six" of Britain’s biggest publicly listed companies could be targeted by takeover bids this year, underscoring just how important it is that regulators enhance controls to protect the best interests of UK corporations. Speaking to the Today programme on the BBC on Monday, Lord Myners, who was financial services secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown, said that “companies are not just assets to be traded” but are “assets to be built up”. He said that in the UK, we work in a "permissive zone" where the fate of companies is generally decided by a small number of City financiers, and he likened the market to a "garage sale” in which “everything is up for sale if the price is right". Read more Unilever rejects Kraft Heinz takeover bid He said that in “almost every other country” other than the UK “there is a public purpose test to ensure that [any corporate] takeover works to the broader benefit of society" and that Britain needed to “take back control of our businesses". Lord Myners specifically referred to US food giant Kraft Heinz’s failed takeover of Unilever last month, and said that the UK’s current Takeover Code was not robust enough to protect the best interests of domestic corporations when hostile takeover bids are launched. The Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant which is listed on the FTSE 100 in February rejected a $143bn (£115bn) takeover offer from Kraft, saying that it sees absolutely no “financial or strategic” merit in a tie-up. Read more M&A activity surges across Europe, Middle East and Africa UK M&A activity to drop sharply in 2017 amid Brexit uncertainty Record year for mergers and acquisitions is nothing to celebrate Kraft, which is controlled by private equity firm 3G Capital and veteran financier Warren Buffett, is best known for brands like Philadelphia spread, Capri Sun soft drinks, HP Sauce and Heinz ketchup, while Unilever’s brands include Domestos, Dove and Persil. A deal would have been the third-biggest takeover in history and the biggest ever acquisition of a UK-based company, according to Thomson Reuters data at the time. The slump in sterling in the wake of last June’s Brexit vote has generally enhanced the appeal of UK-listed companies for those looking to buy from abroad.  “International buyers emerged as a real force to be reckoned with towards the end of last year, as overseas trade acquirers – most notably those from the US and Asia - acted opportunistically to take advantage of a weakened sterling,” said Andrew Nicholson, head of M&A at KPMG in the UK said in a report published last week. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo “With no sign of a bounce in the pound on the horizon, and the UK economy continuing to confound post-Referendum expectations, UK businesses will remain a target for hungry investors,” he added. The pound has steadied somewhat in recent weeks, but remains well over 15 per cent lower against the dollar since the referendum and some say it could fall further once Article 50 is triggered, officially kicking off Brexit proceedings. More about: Lord Myners Kraft Heinz Unilever Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 33 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 45 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US ANA Aims to Standardize Gender Equality in Ads By Jack Neff. Published on March 20, 2017. In a bid to strengthen its #SeeHer gender-equality push, the Association of National Advertisers is making the ad-scoring system behind it available for any copy-testing service, meaning it could become a standard module in the software engines by which analytically inclined marketers evaluate ads. At the same time, the ANA's Alliance for Family Entertainment has completed testing the 200 most-watched TV shows using its Gender Equality Measure, with an eye toward providing those ratings to advertisers that want to align their gender-conscious ads with like-minded TV buys. "The reason we're testing both advertising and media is that context matters," said Shelley Zalis, a co-developer of #SeeHer, founder and CEO of the Girls' Lounge and former CEO of research firm OTX. TOP 10 GEM ADS TV Ranking (GEM) of 30-second ads, March 4-10 1 Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion (113) Johnson & Johnson 2 Swiffer (112) Procter & Gamble 3 Brow Stylist Definer (109) L'Oreal Paris Coca-Cola (109) Coca-Cola 5 Amazon Echo Dot (108) Amazon Geico Auto Insurance (108) Geico McDonald's Happy Meal (108) McDonald's 8 Amazon Echo Dot (107) Amazon 9 Egg McMuffin with Canadian Bacon (106) McDonald's Garnier Whole Blends Hair Products (106) Garnier Source: Alliance for Family Entertainment/ABX The Gender Equality Measure scores ads or entertainment on how prominently they depict women, amid a larger industry conversation about gender equality in both ads and the business itself. It might seem unusual for competing copy-testing services to adopt a common methodology like the protocol behind GEM scores, but Ms. Zalis said copy testers tend to measure the same basic things, such as effects on purchase intent or likability, even if they get their scores in different ways or call them different things. "One thing that's very important for us is to measure what matters," Ms. Zalis said. "One of the biggest problems we've had in our industry is that we don't have accountability to measure progress." GEM already has been run on more than 17,000 ads, creating a "robust database," said Stephen Quinn, the former Walmart chief marketing officer who chairs the Alliance for Family Entertainment. While the ANA isn't generally releasing the results publicly, both camps are privately asking for diagnostics to help improve their scores, said Mr. Quinn, who will be meeting with media companies on the subject this week. Since those GEM scores could ultimately find their way into standards or software that govern media buys, the stakes for media are potentially huge. The Alliance for Family Entertainment also has developed GEM "bootcamps" to help advertisers understand and improve their gender-equality scores. Georgia-Pacific, marketer of such brands as Brawny and Quilted Northern, has fared well with GEM but was still the first company to participate in a bootcamp. The top 10 ads by GEM score from the week of March 4 show that there's no set formula. They include an ad from Procter & Gamble's Swiffer showing a little boy cutting the hair of his stuffed animals and sister, and mom cleaning up. Another two are conventional beauty ads from L'Oréal USA for L'Oréal Paris and Garnier. Amazon's Echo Dot fared well with two ads on the list featuring household vignettes with men and women. Coca-Cola made it with an ad featuring mostly male race car drivers plus Danica Patrick, while Geico appeared with arguably one of its least funny ads in years—albeit one with a man and woman getting equal face time. See the top 10 ads here: In this article: Ad Tech Agencies CPG Celebrity Creativity Culture Diversity News Packaged Food Research Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Enter to win – Sugar Sand VIP Getaway! News Markeith Loyd News Aramis Ayala: I may fight to stay on the Markeith Loyd murder cases Orange-Osceola state attorney says she will no longer pursue death penalty in any case In a press conference on the steps of the Orange County Courthouse, Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala announces that her office will no longer pursue the death penalty as a sentence in any case brought before the 9th Judicial Circuit of Florida, Thursday, March 16, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) In a press conference on the steps of the Orange County Courthouse, Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala announces that her office will no longer pursue the death penalty as a sentence in any case brought before the 9th Judicial Circuit of Florida, Thursday, March 16, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Contact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala on Monday said she is not willing to surrender the case of accused cop killer Markeith Loyd. Gov. Rick Scott removed her from the case Thursday, outraged when she said she would not seek the death penalty. He appointed a special prosecutor, Brad King. At a court hearing in Orlando on Monday, Ayala sat one seat away from King, the state attorney for Florida’s Fifth Judicial Circuit. What the governor did was unprecedented, she told Orange-Osceola Chief Circuit Judge Frederick Lauten, and “overstepped his bounds.” She said she may file a legal challenge and asked the judge temporarily to halt the two murder cases involving Loyd while she figures out what to do. Loyd is charged with killing Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9 and, several weeks earlier, his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Ayala said she at least wants to be part of Loyd’s prosecution. More than 100 lawyers, including two former Florida Supreme Court justices and Gil Garcetti, who prosecuted celebrity O.J. Simpson during his 1995 murder trial, are backing Ayala. They have signed a letter asking Scott to give the case back to her. She is an independently elected official, and Scott is guilty of overreach, they say. In Tallahassee, Scott defended his decision. When asked whether he would consider removing Ayala from office, he said, “We’ll continue to look at our options. Right now I’m focused on Markeith Loyd.” Asked if he would get involved in other potential death-penalty cases in Orange and Osceola counties, he said, “I’ll deal with that at the time.” On Monday, the assistant finance director at the Seminole County Clerk of Court Office was placed on paid administrative leave after posting Facebook comments saying Ayala “should be tarred and feathered if not hung from a tree” because she refuses to seek the death penalty. Stan McCullars, author of the post, later deleted it. He could not be reached for comment. His boss, Grant Maloy, said those comments “don’t reflect my beliefs.” Ayala is the first African-American state attorney in Florida and took office Jan. 3, serving Orange and Osceola counties. During her five-month election campaign, she did not state her position on the death penalty. Scott called Ayala about 3:20 p.m. Thursday to tell her he wanted her off the cases, she said. Court records show that about an hour later, she formally filed paperwork in both cases, saying the state would not seek the death penalty. King, who is the elected state attorney in Lake and four other counties, told the judge Monday he had no idea Ayala had filed that paperwork. He also had not seen a motion she filed Monday to halt Loyd’s proceedings temporarily. She no longer has jurisdiction to make any decisions related to the case, he argued. The judge did not rule on Ayala’s motion. Shortly after Monday’s hearing started, Ayala stood to address the judge. “I need to be clear: I think the governor overstepped his bounds,” she said. Although she is not yet sure what she’ll do, she said she will not interfere with King and wants to see Loyd successfully prosecuted. Loyd also criticized Scott: “The governor don’t know nothing about my case.” He suggested that Scott didn’t want Ayala to handle it “because she’s a woman, a woman of color.” Ayala wrote in Monday’s motion that when she was sworn in, “it was my expectation that if the Florida Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty, then in appropriate cases, I would seek the death penalty.” The document did not explain why she changed her position. She did, though, state that the governor removed her without due cause. “Giving the Governor the tremendous and unfettered discretion to interfere with … decision making would be unprecedented and could undermine the entire justice system in Florida,” she wrote. For the first time since his arrest Jan. 19, Loyd was not the center of attention at one of his court hearings. In the past, he has gone on long profane diatribes and claimed that the murder charges were filed against a corporation named “Markeith Loyd” — not him. On Monday he was calmer. He made an obscene gesture at reporters before the hearing began but generally sat quietly until the judge addressed him directly. He again told the judge that he does not want an attorney, but he said he does want someone to make the jail give him better medical care. He was kicked in the head and hit with guns, he said, and suffered a broken jaw, broken nose, head trauma and such severe damage to his left eye that it will have to be surgically removed. Lauten scheduled a hearing for 9 a.m. March 28 to consider whether Ayala has the authority to ask for a delay in the case. He will also consider whether to appoint a mental-health expert to determine whether Loyd is competent, and he will again take up the issue of whether to appoint a defense attorney. The injuries that Loyd described, the judge said, may having some bearing on his decision about whether to ask for a mental evaluation. Also Monday, Kevin Morenski, 31, announced plans to run as a Republican against Ayala in 2020. He said if elected, he would name Ken Lewis as his top assistant. Lewis was fired from that office last year after writing a Facebook post shortly after the June Pulse nightclub massacre in which he called downtown Orlando a “melting pot of third world miscreants and ghetto thugs.” Gray Rohrer, Steven Lemongello and David Harris of the Sentinel staff contributed to this report. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6394 GOP attorney announces 2020 run against Ayala » Seminole employee suspended for suggesting Ayala's death » Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption Governor Rick Scott on removing Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Caption 17-year-old shot and killed outside LUX nightclub on I-Drive Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Caption OPD, city leaders dedicate new Orlando police headquarters Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Caption A man tries to abduct a girl in an Osceola Wal-Mart parking lot Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Markeith Loyd David Harris Pulse Nightclub Massacre All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy   Juan Williams: For GOP, a domino effect on health and taxes By Juan Williams - 03/20/17 06:00 AM EDT 169   © Greg Nash Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), the House Democratic Leader, reduces the many problems with the GOP healthcare plan to this: “They have no idea how to explain stealing $600 billion from working families’ health care to give more tax breaks to the richest people in our country.” Conservative political observers are also connecting the troubled GOP healthcare proposal to the Republicans’ longstanding promise to act on tax reform. ADVERTISEMENT Once again, the most important tweet last week in conservative politics did not come from President @realDonaldTrump. It came from Matt Drudge, the proprietor of the Drudge Report. “Republicans lied about wanting tax cuts,” he tweeted. “Can we get our votes back?” Drudge is looking ahead on the political horizon and seeing that ObamaCare replacement and tax reform can’t be separated. Without a healthcare plan that cuts federal spending, there is no chance for tax reform. President Trump stunned a lot of people with his honesty when he recently blurted out that he’d discovered that healthcare is “an unbelievably complex subject.” He added that he remained determined on healthcare for one reason: “And for budget purposes, as you know, we have to do healthcare before we do the tax cut,” he explained. Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanTrump to meet Thursday with House Freedom Caucus members Healthcare fight pits Trump against Club for Growth High drama for ObamaCare vote MORE (R-Wis.) acknowledged as much to my Fox colleague Maria Bartiromo last week, while begging for his House caucus to support the problem-filled GOP healthcare proposal. “It makes tax reform a lot harder, it makes it more difficult…” without a new, low-cost healthcare plan, Ryan noted. In fact, Ryan built the House healthcare plan on the bedrock promise that it contains “massive tax relief.” But now with the GOP majority’s mash-up of an effort to replace ObamaCare, the tax reform plan looks like it is headed for the graveyard. The only hope for the GOP is to demand party loyalty to the ObamaCare replacement plan in the service of reviving the tax cuts. Ryan and Trump are twisting arms by telling GOP lawmakers that if they don’t pass tax reform, angry Republican voters will punish them in the 2018 midterms. But high pressure tactics to produce tax cuts can’t hide the GOP’s health reform implosion. After seven years of campaigning against ObamaCare, including numerous repeal votes and acts of open sabotage, Congressional Republicans have failed to come up with a better plan. They don’t even have an inferior plan they can agree on. Voters have noticed. A Fox News poll showed 54 percent disapproval of the Republican plan. About two-thirds of those who dislike the proposal say their complaint is about “too many changes to ObamaCare.” To save political face, Ryan is reversing course. He is signaling an openness to changing the failed GOP plan to buy votes from members of his caucus who are walking away from the fiasco. Even with that SOS call, the Speaker’s problem is that the Tea Party’s Freedom Caucus wants more cuts to ObamaCare programs for seniors and the poor. That kind of fix will not arrest the decline in public support. Meanwhile, Republicans and their allies in the business community are having anxiety attacks at the prospect of tax reform disappearing. They are divided over tax reform proposals, too. The biggest problem the Republicans face is the so-called “border adjustment tax.” Big manufacturers like Boeing support it, while big retailers like Walmart oppose it. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin HatchOrrin HatchOvernight Finance: US preps cases linking North Korea to Fed heist | GOP chair says Dodd-Frank a 2017 priority | Chamber pushes lawmakers on Trump's trade pick | Labor nominee faces Senate US Chamber urges quick vote on USTR nominee Lighthizer Live coverage: Day three of Supreme Court nominee hearing MORE (R- Utah) is not upbeat about the border adjustment tax: “I don’t think it’s going to pass over here. There’s not a lot of enthusiasm for it. We’re already working on what we’d like to do.” Trump’s chief economic advisor, Gary Cohn, raised the bar even higher when he told CNBC recently that any tax cut plan will be “deficit neutral over a 10-year period.” To make matters worse, other fault lines in the tax debate are emerging amongst Republicans. “The fight over a border-adjustment tax isn’t the only challenge for Republicans in their push for tax reform,” The Hill reported last week. “Notably, some business groups have criticized the proposal to do away with the deduction for businesses’ net interest expenses.” As The Hill also notes, conservative interest groups are pressing House Republicans to oppose Trump’s campaign promise to eliminate the carried interest tax break. It’s not like Trump and Republicans lack political cover to go bold on taxes. The problem is that the Congressional GOP is unable to reach consensus within its ranks on even its most basic principles. It is worth remembering that back in 2014, then-House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, a Michigan Republican, put forward a reasonable tax reform proposal. It was revenue neutral and lowered rates on 99 percent of Americans. His fellow Republicans ignored him. They were busy demonizing ObamaCare. In their talking points, Congressional Republicans like to remind people that the nation has not seen comprehensive tax reform since 1986, when Republican President Ronald Reagan worked with a Democratic Speaker, Tip O’Neill. Republicans are learning there is a reason why it hasn’t happened in over three decades. Perhaps they should have listened to Camp when they had the chance. When it comes to a healthcare plan and tax reform, the GOP might as well echo the famous words of the comic-strip character Pogo: “We have met the enemy and he is us.” Juan Williams is an author, and a political analyst for Fox News Channel. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Orrin Hatch Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Top Dem calls for investigation... Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) on Thursday called for an investigation into... 2,545 Shares 2 Freedom Caucus, Trump reach '... Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said Wednesday night he and... 783 Shares 3 Intelligence chairman sparks storm... In an extraordinary move, the chairman of the House panel investigating... 748 Shares 4 Trump dismisses risk of falsehoods... "Hey look, in the mean time, I guess, I can’t be doing so badly, because I... 662 Shares 5 McCain: Congress doesn't have '... Congress no longer has the credibility to independently tackle a probe of... 653 Shares 6 Healthcare fight pits Trump... The battle on the right over the GOP’s ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 557 Shares 7 Schiff: I have 'grave concerns'... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that... 461 Shares 8 US probes Manafort’s banking:... The Treasury Department has obtained information as part of an anti-... 410 Shares 9 High drama for ObamaCare vote President Trump and GOP leaders are pulling out all the stops to win over... 311 Shares 10 FBI has info suggesting... The FBI has information suggesting that associates of President Trump may... 308 Shares 11 White House distances Trump from... The White House on Wednesday rushed to distance itself from President... 305 Shares 12 London mayor won't respond to... “I’m not going to respond to a tweet from Donald Trump Jr., I’ve been... 208 Shares 13 McCain: Nunes actions 'very... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday said House Intelligence Chairman... 203 Shares 14 The Hill's Whip List: Where... Assuming all Democrats vote against the legislation, GOP leaders cannot... 188 Shares 15 Trump defends several... President Trump appeared to double down on several unsubstantiated claims... 148 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Unilever 'considering selling' brands including Flora margarine and Stork butter to enhance investor returns Last month Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no ‘financial or strategic’ merit Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 20 March 2017 08:45 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Unilever could be preparing to sell some of its best-known brands, including Flora margarine and Stork butter, in a bid to enhance investor returns, according to media reports. Several newspapers, including The Sunday Times and The Sunday Telegraph, have reported that the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant is next month due to publish a strategic review in which it could announce that it is off-loading some underperforming businesses in a £6bn auction. Read more Unilever shares fall sharply after Kraft Heinz drops bid The reports said that its margarine line is understood to be one of the businesses on the block as a result of changing consumer behaviour, leading to a slowdown in the market for spreads. Unilever was not immediately available for comment on Monday morning. Read more Unilever promises more profit. Can it stay cuddly too? Unilever is safe from Kraft for now, but this isn't over Unilever boss says Britons should 'get used to' price rises Unilever boss says Tesco Marmite row will be 'resolved soon' Last month Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn ($143bn) offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no “financial or strategic” merit. A takeover would have been one of the biggest ever in corporate history, and the biggest ever acquisition of a UK-based company by a non-UK one, Thomson Reuters data showed at the time. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo Kraft, which is the world’s fifth-largest food and beverage company, has already in recent years already been forced to adjust its product range to adjust to consumers’ changing preferences and a trend towards fresher, non-packaged items. In the wake of the failed takeover, some analysts said that Unilever may shift its focus to do the same, giving it the opportunity to enhance shareholder returns. More about: Unilever Kraft Heinz Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series Company Spotlight Live Shows Digital Discussions 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive, Fierce Competitors Edition: Amazon, Chase And Google. By PYMNTS Posted on March 20, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March this week improved on its “in like a lion” bonafides with a mid-month blizzard that socked most of the Northeast and gave us all our collective doubts that any lamb-like exits were in our national future. Innovation Project, incidentally, battled back against the blizzard and kept Cambridge warm despite the ice — which we’ll have coverage about all week. Those parts of the nation that froze as the week started ended the week in the grips of insanity — literally, since the 2017 NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament is underway, as is the attendant “March Madness.” We can’t tell you who to put in your bracket (our teams have mostly already been eliminated from the Sweet 16), but should payments and commerce ever get into bracket-based rankings, we could be terribly useful. This week, for example, Amazon, Chase and Google all made big plays that at least indicated bracket-worthiness. How will this change the shape of the game? Alexa’s Big App Integration Americans without an Echo, Dot or one of a third-party device integrated with Alexa got some good news this week. Soon they too will be able to talk to Alexa — so long as they have the Amazon iOS app on their phones — as Amazon announced last week that it will be embedding its virtual digital assistant into the app. The iOS instantiation of Alexa will be able to shop, play music and perform a “host of other useful tasks” according to the company’s website. Using Alexa via a phone is a similar experience to talking to the device-based edition. Users can ask Alexa to “search for paper towels,” “reorder batteries,” “track my last order” or “find bestselling camera,” which the device will then pull up. As for tasks, Alexa can respond to commands like “play some music,” “play the Beatles,” as well as answer basic questions on the weather, traffic or calendar (“When is Memorial Day?” is a suggested sample question). The move follows a big uptick in Alexa’s skill count. As of last month, the AI voice-activated assistant hit the 10,000 skill milestone. Notably, though Alexa can do a lot, consumers have largely been drawn to a small segment of use cases: News, games and trivia, reference, lifestyle and weather skills comprise the majority share. Will Alexa’s in-app integration make a difference? If it is successful, that is almost certainly a yes for Amazon. Alexa is a learning AI, meaning the more users it has, the more it learns and the better it does. By opening up to the set of iOS users, Amazon potentially has access to a lot of data coming its way. But that only happens if Alexa can successfully compete with Siri, the voice-activated AI that already lives on the iPhone and that users are more familiar with using. Siri also has the advantage of being integrated with the software and is more closely tied to Apple’s overall ecosystem. But users do love Alexa — and if it is outstrips Siri for skills despite being less integrated, the fight for that smartphone real estate could start looking pretty fierce. Chase Pay Grabs up MCX’s Payments Tech In an effort to further expand Chase Pay, JPMorgan Chase has inked a deal to acquire MCX’s payments technology. The transaction is expected to close in the next few weeks. MCX, according to a JPMC release, will give MCX merchants a more “seamless” connection to Chase Pay. “When we think about FinTech, we go through a ‘build/buy/partner’ evaluation to decide how we can get to market most efficiently,” said Jennifer Roberts, head of Chase Pay. “MCX has been an important partner, and their technology complements ours, so we’re thrilled to deepen our relationships with the merchant community through the purchase of this technology. This will help us get to market faster.” Chase Pay launched in November 2016 with a few initial merchants. Since then, it has announced upcoming integrations with Walmart, Shell, Best Buy, Phillips 66 and Wakefern. In December, Chase also announced an investment in LevelUp to bring the ability to order and pay ahead to customers at thousands of quick-service restaurants. The firm also announced an integration with mobile-first movie ticketing platform Atom Tickets. “Consistent with our mission to provide secure, consumer-friendly and cost-effective mobile payment solutions to the marketplace, MCX took advantage of this opportunity to have the solution expanded to the broader merchant community,” said Brian Mooney, CEO of MCX. Payments Come to Gmail In one of the quieter moves of the week, Google announced that the Gmail app on Android will now enable people to send and request money from anyone, even if they do not have a Gmail address. “Whether you’re splitting a dinner bill or planning a group trip, you now have a fee-free way to work out the details and settle up without ever leaving the Gmail app on Android, just like you can already do on the web,” Sam Kansara, a product manager at Google, said in a blog post. The new capability essentially allows a user to send money in the same way they would send an attachment in an email message. Once funds have been received by the recipient, that person can claim the money and have it transferred directly to a selected bank account without having to add or install any additional apps. “We believe that experiences like this should be contextual. Users shouldn’t have to switch apps to complete an interaction where they just need to send or receive money,” a Google spokesperson told PYMNTS. “This integration makes it easier for users to be able to do things in a medium where they’re already communicating with others, so it’s logical to move the payment interaction there too.” Currently the feature is only available in the U.S. and on the web or Android and comes into a very crowded market — Venmo, Square Cash, Facebook Messenger and Zelle are the immediate shortlist that spring to mind. But Google feels that Gmail’s one billion active monthly users might prefer using Gmail better. Feels like a slog. So while we can’t tell you how to build a better bracket, we do have some good overall advice this week. Don’t blink, you might miss something. Related Items:Alexa, Alphabet, Amazon, Amazon app, Chase Pay, Commerce, Data Dive, Featured News, Gmail, Google, JPMC, MCX, News, siri Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Subscription Services Not Resonating With Baby Boomers, Gen Exers CO-OP Financial Enlists AI In Fraud Fight Did North Koreans Steal From Bangladesh? Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Finding The Ticket To Online Platform Success SAP Ariba’s Spot Buy Launches In Australia TRENDING RIGHT NOW 3.9K Investments House Of Fraser Pulls £29 Million From Tandem Investment 3.5K B2B Payments How Regulators May Help Curb Late Supplier Payments 2.7K Chatbots Chatbot Tracker: To Jump Or Not To Jump On The Chatbot Wagon? 2.5K Investments Corporate Profits Forecasts For Q1 Starting To Dim 2.5K Regulation Regulators Clarify KYC Rules To Push U.S. Banks To Work Cross-Border 2.3K Post-Election Strong Dollar, Trump Immigration Policies Hurting US Travel Industry 2.2K Security & Fraud Can A New Ad Campaign Save Wells Fargo? 2.1K Fintech Investments Is The Silicon Valley Startup Scene On Its Way Out? 2.1K Retail Bringg Brings Competitive Edge In On-Demand Climate 2.1K Retail Walmart Launches Startup Incubator — Store No. 8 2.1K Consumer Finance Experian Partners With Finicity To Speed Up Lending 2.1K What's Hot Wearables Market On The Decline? 2.1K Security & Fraud Anonymous Is Increasing Hacks Of Central Banks 1.9K Amazon The Amazon Effect On … Payments 1.8K Bitcoin Chinese Bitcoin Rules Would Require Identify Verification What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Two of our favorite U.S. heavyweights – The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) – are pushing forward with plans to put factories in China, positioning themselves to be winners in the part of the world where we’ll see the most growth in the decade to come. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nMn85d five  ×  four  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nMn85d 9  −   =  1 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter no responses Stocks 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 By Money Morning News Team, Contributing Writer, Money Morning • March 17, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website nine  −  5  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Looking for pot stocks to watch? Savvy investors around the world are because the growing legalization of marijuana is the biggest investing news of 2017. Last November, states including Maine, California, and Massachusetts voted to legalize cannabis recreationally. This spring, Canadians are expected to vote on making pot legal nationwide. All that means that sales of marijuana – already robust – are likely going to be growing by leaps and bounds. Last year, legal marijuana sales in North America totaled $6.7 billion. That's impressive, but it's not as impressive as projected 2020 sales figures. Pot sales are expected to reach $22 billion by 2020. That's a skyrocketing 225% climb in just four years. BRILLIANT: Average Americans Are Becoming Marijuana Millionaires Bear in mind, Money Morning does not currently recommend any specific pot stocks. We just want to give savvy investors enough information so they know who the leading companies are in the industry. And after we share our three stock picks, we have a free report on the marijuana industry available at the end of the article. So if you want to keep an eye on the top pot stocks to watch, here they are… Top Pot Stocks to Watch No. 3: Growblox Sciences Inc. One of the top pot stocks to watch is Growblox Sciences Inc. (OTCMKTS: GBLX). Growblox Sciences researches and develops medical pot for treatment of multiple conditions, including Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, Alzheimer's, and pancreatic cancer. It also researches technologies for plant cultivation so that pot can be divided into medical grades, concentrates, and more. GBLX shares have climbed over 91% in the last 12 months. Top Pot Stocks to Watch No. 2: Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. If you've ever strolled through Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) on a weekend, you've encountered Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. (NYSE: SMG). It's one of the best-known names in garden and yard cultivation. And at some point, it occurred to CEO James Hagedorn that cultivation was cultivation and hey, why not get into pot? It was a savvy move for this company. Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson believes that SMG is definitely worthy of watching. Scotts has bought two firms that make pot accessories and pot fertilizer. Over the last 12 months, the SMG stock price has climbed over 24%. It is also pays shareholders a dividend of $0.50, which is a yield of 2.19%. And our next pot stock was one of the top performers in 2016 and still is expected to climb in 2017… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: pot stocks Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  3  =  six Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 23, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Stocks Up Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote, Janet Yellen Speech March 22, 2017 By Keith Fitz-Gerald Leave a Comment How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) March 22, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote Trending Posts 10682 Reads 67 Likes Top Marijuana Stock to Watch This Week (March 20) There's a marijuana stock every investor needs on their radar this week. Here's what you need to know... 5826 Reads 134 Likes Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? The Ethereum price is rising partly because of the hard fork crisis in the Bitcoin community. But the price of Ethereum was bound to rise anyway. Here's why... Today's Markets DJIA -6.71 (0.03%) 20,661.30 NASDAQ 27.81 (0.48%) 5,821.64 S&P 4.43 (0.19%) 2,348.45 HD 0.19 (0.13%) 147.55 WMT 0.15 (0.21%) 70.10 SMG 1.03 (1.13%) 91.95 GWPH 0.44 (0.37%) 119.50 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Bill O’Reilly Says He’s “Basically a Smart Mouth” SmartMouth Activated Breath Rinses I like that SmartMouth stuff because I’m basically a smart mouth. Past News Releases RSS St. Louis, Missouri (PRWEB) March 20, 2017 In the Tip of the Day segment on his show Wednesday evening, Bill O’Reilly, host of „The O’Reilly Factor” on Fox News, discussed his use of SmartMouth Oral Rinse in his daily dental health regimen as part of his strategy to maintain good oral health and avoid pain at the dentist’s office. “You should brush your teeth three times a day and floss every night, then use a rinse twice a day,” says O’Reilly. “I like that SmartMouth stuff because I’m basically a smart mouth. If you do those things every day, you can build up a defense system in your mouth and avoid much unpleasantness.” SmartMouth Activated Oral Rinse, manufactured by Triumph Pharmaceuticals, features a two-liquid formula that works differently than typical mouth washes because it targets sulfur gas, which is the real cause of bad breath and may harm gum tissue in the mouth. Combining the Sulfur Eliminating Solution and the Zinc Activating Solution activates millions of zinc ions that prevent and eliminate sulfur gas in the mouth for 12 hours. Used in the morning and at night, SmartMouth’s benefits last for a full 24 hours. “We were surprised and thrilled to hear Bill O’Reilly talk about SmartMouth as his Tip of the Day Wednesday night,” says Andrew Burch, CEO of Triumph Pharmaceuticals. “We agree that our products are an important component in building and maintaining great oral health. All of our oral rinses eliminate and prevent bad breath, and we have targeted formulas that soothe dry mouth and provide maximum anti plaque and anti gingivitis benefits to help prevent bleeding gums.” SmartMouth Oral Rinse has three formulas: Original Activated, Clinical (Gum & Plaque) and new Dry Mouth. Their bad breath prevention product line also includes travel packs, toothpaste, tongue cleaners and mints. SmartMouth is available at Walmart, Walgreens, Target, CVS and most drugstores and supermarkets. For more information, visit http://www.smartmouth.com. About Triumph Pharmaceuticals Triumph Pharmaceuticals, Inc., manufactures and markets SmartMouth branded mouthwash, toothpaste and mints through national retailers and online. Headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, Triumph Pharmaceuticals and its SmartMouth brand have been working to end bad breath since 1993. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdefense, Health, Markets, Travel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vasont Systems Certifies Adobe FrameMaker® 2017 for the Vasont® Content Management System Next PostNext uAvionix, Kongsberg Geospatial Announce Integrated ADS-B Technology to Improve Drone Safety Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Vodafone and Idea Cellular to merge Indian operations and create country’s biggest telecoms group The combined Vodafone-Idea group would have almost 400 million customers, or 35 per cent market share Devidutta Tripathy, Rafael Nam Monday 20 March 2017 07:46 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Vodafone, the world's second-largest cellphone operator, will own 45.1 per cent of the merged entity Reuters Britain's Vodafone and Idea Cellular agreed on Monday to merge their Indian operations to create the country's biggest telecoms business in a bid to contest a brutal price war sparked by new rival Reliance. The combined Vodafone-Idea group would have almost 400 million customers, or 35 per cent market share, with an implied enterprise value of 828bn rupees ($12.66 billion) for Vodafone and 722bn rupees for Idea. "The combined entity will become the leading challenger with the scale to compete more effectively," Idea said in the statement. Read more Vodafone to create 2,100 UK customer service jobs India's mobile industry was thrown into turmoil with the launch last year of Reliance Jio Infocomm, the new 4G mobile broadband network built at a cost of more than $20bn by India's richest businessman, Mukesh Ambani, as part of his Reliance Industries conglomerate. Mr Jio has made an impact with free voice calls and cut-price data services, forcing India's three biggest operators - Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea - to slash prices and accept lower profits. "Consolidation is a much anticipated and very welcome development in this beleaguered telecom sector," said Arpita Pal Agrawal, a partner and telecom analyst at PwC India. "It will help bring in operational efficiencies and improved quality of service to customers." Read more Vodafone to recruit thousands of women who have taken a career break Vodafone is in talks to create India’s biggest telecommunications firm Vodafone loses £4.3bn as price war in India heats up Vodafone fined £4.6m by Ofcom for ‘serious’ customer failings Vodafone has endured a tumultuous ride since it entered India in 2007, with fierce competition and a high-profile tax battle making a business contributing more than 10 per cent of its revenues and profits its most unpredictable by far. Shares in Idea rose as much as 14.25 per cent immediately after the news but reversed course to fall as much as 14.6 per cent, as traders expressed concerns about how the merged entity would value Idea's stake. Vodafone, the world's second-largest cellphone operator, will own 45.1 per cent of the merged entity, after it transfers about 4.9 per cent to promoters of Idea and/or their affiliates for 38.74bn rupees ($592.15m) in cash, Idea said. Aditya Birla Group, the majority owner of Idea, will own 26 per cent while other shareholders will own the remaining 28.9 per cent. Aditya and Vodafone eventually aim to own an equal share of the joint venture. The joint venture will have a combined enterprise value of $23.2bn. Vodafone and Idea, which first announced they were in talks in January, expected cost and capex synergies of about $10bn in net present value after integration costs and spectrum payments, Idea said on Monday. Idea would have the sole right to appoint the chairman, while Vodafone would appoint the chief financial officer. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo The appointment of a chief executive officer and a chief operating officer would require the approval of both companies, which would get the right to nominate three board members each. The deal does not include Vodafone's 42 per cent stake in Indus Towers, a joint venture between the British group, a unit of Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular. But both Idea and Vodafone said they would use their respective stakes in Indus Tower as well as standalone tower assets to reduce debt. Idea owns 11.15 per cent of the joint venture, while Vodafone owns 42 per cent. Reuters More about: Vodafone Idea Cellular India Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search Sign In Link your subscription The New Yorker Sign in Link your subscription Shop Home News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close Annals of Justice March 14, 2016 Issue The List When juveniles are found guilty of sexual misconduct, the sex-offender registry can be a life sentence. By Sarah Stillman Share Tweet Table of Contents Parents of both the abused and the accused are seeking to reform policy on juveniles who sexually offend. Credit Illustration by Geoff McFetridge One morning in 2007, Leah DuBuc, a twenty-two-year-old college student in Kalamazoo, began writing an essay for English class that she hoped would save her life. She knew that people like her had been beaten, bombed, shot at, killed. The essay aired details about her past that she’d long tried to suppress; by posting it on her class’s server, where anyone who Googled her name could find it, she thought she might be able to quiet the whispers, the threats, and possibly make it easier to find a job. Her story, she warned, “is not a nice one, but hopefully it will have a happy ending.” DuBuc had grown up in Howell, Michigan, a small town of berry and melon farmers. In high school, she had thrived. She had earned straight A’s, written for the school newspaper, led Students Against Driving Drunk (she voted to change the name to Students Against Destructive Decisions, she says, to stress that “there are lots of bad decisions that can get you killed”), and performed in “Grease” and “Once Upon a Mattress,” while working part time as a cashier at Mary’s Fabulous Chicken & Fish. “High school was bliss for me,” DuBuc said recently. “I tried not to dwell on the stuff that wasn’t good.” But, as she was about to start her freshman year at Western Michigan University, she got a call from a close childhood friend, Victoria, who asked, “Did you know you’re on the public sex-offender registry?” Her friend, who had just given birth to a baby girl, had logged on to the Michigan Public Sex Offender Registry Web site to search for local predators. She had entered her Zip Code, and there was Leah’s face—her copper bangs, her wide cheeks, her brown eyes staring blankly from the photograph. Her name, weight, and height were listed; so was the address where she’d grown up, playing beneath tall pines and selling five-cent rocks that she’d painted with nail polish. Something DuBuc had done at the age of ten had caught up with her. Victoria knew the story, which DuBuc described as “play-acting sex,” in elementary school, with her younger step-siblings. Online browsers would see only the words on the page: “CRIMINAL SEXUAL CONDUCT.” A senior in college now, DuBuc was tired of hiding. She wanted everyone to know what it was like to join the many thousands of people across the country who are on the registry—often decades into adulthood—for crimes they committed as children. “After reading my very condensed life story,” she wrote, “I am convinced you will agree that I am a strong, determined young woman, who has risen above the obstacles which have been set in my path.” On an April morning, she published the essay, titled “So, Who is Leah DuBuc Anyway?,” and prayed for relief. When I visited DuBuc in Howell last summer, I had already spoken to a number of people who had been accused of sex offenses as juveniles and ended up on a public registry. Some, like DuBuc, had been placed on the registry for things they’d done before they reached their teens. In Charla Roberts’s living room, not far from Paris, Texas, I learned how, at the age of ten, Roberts had pulled down the pants of a male classmate at her public elementary school. She was prosecuted for “indecency with a child,” and added to the state’s online offender database for the next ten years. The terms of her probation barred her from leaving her mother’s house after six in the evening, leaving the county, or living in proximity to “minor children,” which ruled out most apartments. When I spoke to the victim, he was shocked to learn of Roberts’s fate. He described the playground offense as an act of “public humiliation, instead of a sexual act”—a hurtful prank, but hardly a sex crime. Roberts can still be found on a commercial database online, her photo featured below a banner that reads, “PROTECT YOUR CHILD FROM SEX OFFENDERS.” Lifting a Life SentenceThe attorney Nicole Pittman, the founder of the Center on Youth Registration Reform, advocates for keeping juveniles off sex-offender lists. New technologies in the hands of teens are another route to the registry. In Prince William County, Virginia, two years ago, a seventeen-year-old high-school junior sent a sexual video to his teen-age girlfriend, and found himself charged with manufacturing and distributing child pornography. The county prosecutor obtained a search warrant to photograph “the erect penis of the defendant.” (Pursuit of the photo was abandoned only after there was a public outcry.) In Fayetteville, North Carolina, a sixteen-year-old girl faced multiple felony charges for “sexting” a picture of herself to her boyfriend. According to the county sheriff’s warrant, she was both the adult perpetrator of the crime at hand—“sexual exploitation of a minor”—and its child victim. Her boyfriend faced similar charges. Most juveniles on the sex-offender registry pose a more daunting public-policy challenge: they have caused sexual harm to other children, through non-consensual touch and other abusive behaviors. Childhood sexual abuse is troublingly widespread. According to the Centers for Disease Control, as many as one out of every four girls and one out of every six boys have experienced some form of sexual abuse before the age of eighteen, and in a third of such cases, the National Center on the Sexual Behavior of Youth says, the offenses were committed by other juveniles. “The single age with the greatest number of offenders from the perspective of law enforcement was age 14,” a study sponsored by the Department of Justice notes. Often, these incidents go unreported. But the devastation that may result from childhood sexual assault can last a lifetime, fuelling depression, addiction, suicidal thoughts, and other signs of post-traumatic stress. Compounding the original trauma is the fact that victims’ voices are often silenced, sometimes by those in positions of trust or power. Kids who sexually harm other kids seldom target strangers. A very small number have committed violent rapes. More typical is the crime for which Josh Gravens, of Abilene, Texas, was sent away, more than a decade ago, at the age of thirteen. Gravens was twelve when his mother learned that he had inappropriately touched his eight-year-old sister on two occasions; she sought help from a Christian counselling center, and a staffer there was legally obliged to inform the police. Gravens was arrested, placed on the public registry, and sent to juvenile detention for nearly four years. Now, at twenty-nine, he’s become a leading figure in the movement to strike juveniles from the registry and to challenge broader restrictions that he believes are ineffectual. He has counselled more than a hundred youths who are on public registries, some as young as nine. He says that their experiences routinely mirror his own: “Homelessness; getting fired from jobs; taking jobs below minimum wage, with predatory employers; not being able to provide for your kids; losing your kids; relationship problems; deep inner problems connecting with people; deep depression and hopelessness; this fear of your own name; the terror of being Googled.” Often, juvenile defendants aren’t seen as juveniles before the law. At the age of thirteen, Moroni Nuttall was charged as an adult, in Montana, for sexual misconduct with relatives; after pleading guilty, he was sentenced to forty years in prison, thirty-six of which were suspended, and placed on a lifetime sex-offender registry. In detention, the teen-ager was sexually assaulted and physically abused. Upon his release, his mother, Heidi, went online in search of guidance. “I’m trying to be hopeful,” she wrote on an online bulletin board, but “I wonder if he even stands a chance.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon Last fall, she contacted a national group called Women Against Registry, joining the ranks of mothers who are calling into question what a previous group of parents, those of victimized children, fought hard to achieve. Recently, common ground between the two groups has emerged. Many politicians still won’t go near the issue, but a growing number of parents—along with legal advocates, scholars, and even law-enforcement officials—are beginning to ask whether the registry is truly serving the children whom it was designed to protect. If the sex-offender registry is a modern development, the impulse behind it—to prevent crimes by keeping tabs on “bad actors”—is not. In 1937, after the sexualized murders of several young girls in New York, Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia called for the police to keep a secret list of “all known degenerates.” A decade later, California built the first database of sex offenders, for private use by the police. But the practice of regulation took off only in the nineteen-nineties, when a tragedy changed the public’s sense of the stakes involved. One evening in 1989, in the quiet town of St. Joseph, Minnesota, Patty and Jerry Wetterling set out for dinner at a friend’s house, leaving their eleven-year-old son, Jacob, at home with two of his siblings and a friend. Just after sundown, three of them left on their bikes and scooters to rent movies. Returning home, the kids came upon a masked gunman, who grabbed Jacob and chased off the others with death threats. Frantic searches followed, to no avail. Investigators didn’t know the abductor’s motivation, but feared that it was sexual. Afterward, Patty Wetterling kept returning to the question of what might have helped the police find her son’s abductor during those critical early hours. Officials told her that what they needed was a unified database of local residents who had sex-crime convictions. Wetterling went on to fight for such a registry—first in Minnesota, and then nationally. In 1994, she helped win the first federal mandate that all states create a database of people convicted of violent sex crimes or crimes against children. It was known as the Jacob Wetterling Act. “Initially, this was supposed to be a private law-enforcement tool,” Patty Wetterling told me. “I was one of those people who thought, Once a sex offender, always a sex offender, and my view was: Lock ’em up and send ’em away, forever and ever.” The act marked the first in a series of sex-registry laws, mostly named after nightmarish “stranger danger” cases. Megan’s Law, passed in 1996, required that states make their registries accessible to the public. Jessica’s Law, and its variants, established long mandatory minimum sentences for first-time offenders convicted of sex crimes against children, and stipulated that certain offenders be subject to lifetime electronic monitoring after their release. Particularly consequential was the crusade of John Walsh, the host of “America’s Most Wanted” and the father of a six-year-old boy who, in 1981, was abducted inside a shopping mall and beheaded. Walsh lobbied for the most sweeping set of changes to date: the Adam Walsh Act. It broadened the scope of the sex-offender registry, mandating the full disclosure of a former offender’s address, along with a photograph, and more; promulgated a form of indefinite detention, known as “civil commitment”; and, in a late addition to the bill, required that children as young as fourteen who had committed certain sex offenses be placed on the public registry. Jurisdictions that refused to comply would lose federal funds. In 2005, Patty Wetterling travelled to Washington, D.C., with other grieving parents, to support an early version of the bill. “We will not tolerate sexual violence against our children,” she said at a press conference. An amendment adding certain juvenile offenders to the federal bill had been spurred by the devastating testimony of a teen-ager named Amie Zyla; at the age of eight, Zyla had been sexually abused by another youth, who had gone on to reoffend years later. “We cannot sit back and allow kids to continue to be hurt,” Zyla told Congress. “The simple truth is that juvenile sex offenders turn into adult predators.” On July 27, 2006, George W. Bush signed the Adam Walsh Act into law. Leah DuBuc was a gregarious child. Plump and pleasant-looking, with ginger hair and freckles, she took the crown at the Little Miss Summer pageant, in lakeside Pentwater, Michigan, belting out “You Are My Sunshine”; she brought the same gusto to gardening and tap-dance recitals. Leah’s troubles began when she was eight and her parents got divorced. Her father remarried and won custody of her and her little sister; her mom, mired in personal issues, was granted supervised visits with the girls at the local Dairy Queen. DuBuc was now sharing her old home with her stepmother and her four children—three boys and a girl. “I’d never had brothers before, and I was curious,” DuBuc told me. One afternoon, after watching movies with her new step-siblings, ten-year-old Leah mimicked having sex with them—“like we’d seen in the movies,” she says—and then, by her account, exposed herself to the younger kids. It happened several more times, she said. Later that year, DuBuc recounts, a law-enforcement officer visited her elementary-school class and told the students to inform a trusted adult if they had been subject to abuse. DuBuc remembers complaining to him about mistreatment at home; when authorities arrived to investigate, she says, they learned of her sexual misbehavior. According to another family member, however, one of DuBuc’s step-siblings talked about her actions to a therapist, who then alerted the authorities. (As is often true in such cases, the details may be impossible to establish definitively.) Amid extensive therapeutic interventions, DuBuc was charged with eight counts of criminal sexual conduct, in the first and second degree. The prosecutor, Marilyn Bradford, insists, “There were a lot of scary things that happened to the victims in the case—ongoing things that happened to the little siblings.” But DuBuc’s court-appointed clinical social worker, Wendy Kunce, noted that at the time “there was a history of ‘charging large.’ ” At the age of twelve, DuBuc arrived in juvenile court for a series of hearings. Her father, a mechanic, drove her to the courthouse, but he didn’t fully grasp the implication of the charges. (DuBuc’s interviews with authorities often occurred without the presence of a parent or a guardian.) Moments before stepping in front of a judge, DuBuc met with her court-appointed attorney, alone. She remembers giggling when she had to say the words “penis” and “vagina,” and when her fingerprints were taken, she told me, “I felt like I was in a movie.” DuBuc recalls the court-appointed attorney explaining that if she pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal sexual conduct—a graver crime than the one that she says she committed, because it involved penetration—she’d be taken from her home. Given that she wanted to escape the difficult conditions there, she agreed. DuBuc’s investigating officer, Deputy Sheriff Mike Capra, told me, “I think she was hoping to make it easier on everybody by avoiding a long, drawn-out process and saying, ‘O.K., I goofed up, I’m a kid, I’ll learn from it and move on.” In April, 1997, the judge ordered that DuBuc be sent to a residential juvenile-sex-offender treatment facility in Manteno, Illinois, called Indian Oaks Academy, where she stayed for nearly two years. An adult could have gone to prison for life, the judge warned, and, as she recalls it, proclaimed her a “lucky girl.” She was the youngest child in her program at Indian Oaks, a facility surrounded by cornfields and a golf course. Many of the girls there were sixteen or seventeen, with histories of trauma that surfaced as rage. The older girls—Leah roomed with three others—verbally and physically abused one another, and occasionally her. A staffer sometimes sat on top of girls to restrain them, DuBuc recalls. “There was this padded room, and I’d take a book in there and read,” she told me. “I felt safe there.” “I’ve decided to leave public office because I lost the election.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon Five days a week, she went to sex-offender treatment with the girls from her unit. The program borrowed heavily from addiction theory. “Your identity is you’re a sex offender,” DuBuc recalls the girls being told. They’d never be cured, but they could learn to refrain from harming people in the future. To graduate, DuBuc would have to admit to acts that she says she never committed (such as the contested claims of penetration) but to which she’d pleaded guilty, under conditions that she has come to view as coercion. The daily treatment was exhausting, though she did have one therapist who seemed to believe in her. She was grateful, too, for a pastor who arrived one day, teaching the Gospel, and gave her a Bible. “From that point forward,” she recalls, “I had hope.” For some youths convicted of sex offenses, treatment is a chance to escape a turbulent home life, or to reroute a warped trajectory. “But this idea that a ten-year-old kid who does something sexually inappropriate needs residential treatment is completely insane,” Dr. Elizabeth Letourneau, the director of the Moore Center for the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse, at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, told me. In the early two-thousands, when Letourneau first began to research juveniles who sexually offend, she discovered that there was little rigorous scholarship about effective treatment. “These offenses do cause harm, and we can never lose sight of that,” she said. “But I believe we can do a much, much better job of targeting the kids who commit these behaviors, and preventing them.” Writing in the journal Ethics & Behavior, in 2008, she and another psychology professor, Charles Borduin, lamented “the research community’s failure—our failure—to subject the most widely used models of treatment to empirical investigation.” Letourneau and her colleagues set about to address this. Their findings have been significant. Despite what Amie Zyla told Congress in 2005, researchers had already observed that most youths who are charged with a sex offense—upward of ninety-five per cent, Letourneau told me—don’t reoffend sexually. The motives behind their crimes, too, are different from those of most adults who sexually offend. In many cases of early adolescents who sexually touch younger kids in their families, the best treatment may not be “sex offender” treatment at all; some children have never been taught that such touching is unacceptable, and providing training in sexual boundaries will suffice. For kids with more serious sexual-behavior problems, a family-based model known as “multi-systemic therapy” has proved its worth, combining individualized treatment of a child with programming that involves the child’s parents or caretakers. “We now have an effective treatment,” Letourneau said, referring to this more holistic approach, “but it’s just not available to ninety-nine per cent of kids.” What is available, too often, is a form of commercial treatment that can be abusive in its own right. In my interviews with registrants and their families, one question came up repeatedly: “Have you looked into the therapy industry?” Many treatment programs have dedicated, well-trained staff members who engage with families and seem to help children thrive. But some providers lack the resources that would allow them to separate offenders of various risk levels. And, in some parts of the country, I found a cottage industry of court-authorized but poorly regulated therapy providers subjecting kids and teens to widely debunked interventions or controversial invasive technologies. Juveniles undergoing treatment for sex offenses have been exposed to severe verbal abuse, beatings, and even sexual predation at residential facilities. Not a few people have been placed in dubious but costly treatment programs for actions that many believe should never have been criminalized in the first place. These experiences are hardly exclusive to juveniles; they extend to many youths over eighteen, whose journeys through the justice system can be equally alarming. The most surprising instances are known as the “Romeo and Juliet” cases, involving consensual sex between teens. In July of 2003, not long after his senior year of high school, Anthony Metts got a summer job at the lakeside camp where he’d once been a camper. Metts, who grew up in Midland, Texas, was adopted; at school, where he was one of its few Mexican-Americans, he’d been taunted for being a “wetback.” But things were different at the camp, and as a counsellor he was in heaven. He ran archery sessions and visits to the Blob, the camp’s famous floating trampoline. Then, one afternoon, a Texas Ranger and a Midland cop arrived at the camp and asked to speak with him. After driving him to a local police station, the officers told him that they were investigating the illegal sale of items from a Midland Police Department evidence room, and an informant had tossed out his name as a potential source of information. Officers noted that Metts had been keenly coöperative. But he knew nothing about the theft, which, it later emerged, had been perpetrated by a rogue employee of the police department. Eager to get a confession, and seemingly convinced of his association with the crime, the officers pressed him on another tip they’d heard: Hadn’t Metts been hanging out with younger girls the previous year? Was it possible that he’d had sex with them? Metts told them that when he was eighteen he dated a girl who was three years younger. And he’d also had a brief sexual relationship with a girl more than three years younger, whom he met during his junior year of high school, when she was a freshman. Metts helped the officers proofread his statement, oblivious of its significance. When the officers turned the information over to the Midland District Attorney’s Office, the D.A. filed two felony indictments for sexual assault of a child, based on the age-of-consent laws in Texas at the time. (A third charge of sexual assault of a child was raised, then dropped.) Consent was irrelevant—in fact, impossible—before the law. Not too far away, in the town of Caldwell, a young man had been convicted, at nineteen, for a consensual relationship with a girl who was four years younger, and who later became his wife. Metts’s case was messier; it involved more than one relationship, and he’d left a trail of adolescent misbehavior—speeding tickets, pot, and pranks. His lawyer told him that he would face life in prison if the case went to trial. He decided to take a plea deal: a suspended sentence and ten years of probation. Metts, who was twenty-one by then, read the terms of his post-plea life. For the next decade, he’d be barred from alcohol and the Internet; from entering the vicinity of schools, parks, bus stops, malls, and movie theatres; and from living within a thousand feet of a “child-safety zone.” A mugshot of his curly-haired, round-cheeked face would appear for life on the Texas sex-offender registry, beside the phrase “Sexual Assault of a Child.” And he would have to start sex-offender treatment. The treatment plan was extensive. He was told to write up a detailed sexual history, and then to discuss it with a room full of adults, some of whom had repeatedly committed child assaults. On his first day of class, he recalls, he entered a group circle beside a dentist who had violated several patients while they were under anesthesia. To graduate, he would have to narrate his “assaults” in detail: “How many buttons on her shirt did you unbutton?” The plan also included a monthly polygraph (a hundred and fifty dollars) and a computerized test that measured how long his eyes lingered on deviant imagery (three hundred and twenty-five dollars). He would also have to submit to a “penile plethysmograph,” or PPG. According to documents produced by the state of Texas, the PPG—known jokingly to some patients as a “peter meter”—is “a sophisticated computerized instrument capable of measuring slight changes in the circumference of the penis.” A gauge is wrapped around the shaft of the penis, with wires hooked up to a laptop, while a client is presented with “sexually inappropriate” imagery and, often, “deviant” sexual audio. Metts would be billed around two hundred dollars per test. “If I’m being totally real with you, I don’t like marvellous shows at the Met.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon In parts of the country, including New York, judges have banned the PPG; one federal ruling noted “the obviously substantial humiliation of having the size and rigidity of one’s penis measured and monitored by the government.” (The PPG was invented in the nineteen-fifties by a sexologist from Czechoslovakia, and used by the Czech military to expose soldiers suspected of pretending to be gay in order to avoid service.) But Texas’s Council on Sex Offender Treatment says that the test is capable of “breaking through the offender’s denial,” helping to tailor treatments that can “address all of the offender’s sexual interests.” When Metts balked at what felt to him like technological invasions—not least the prospect of having a stranger measure his penis—he was jailed for ten days. A new round of weekly therapy sessions (thirty dollars for group, and fifty dollars for one-on-one) then commenced. When I reviewed half a dozen sex-offender-treatment workbooks, I found that most elicit a thorough sexual history. (“Describe and discuss, in detail, a repeated masturbatory fantasy.”) Then come the exercises. One workbook instructs patients to masturbate to an illicit scene, then sniff an “ammonia inhalant” until their “state of sexual arousal is completely removed.” Another manual introduces children and teens to the practice of “aversive scenes.” Youths must masturbate to a deviant thought, then, at peak arousal, switch to an image of “something that you find disgusting . . . e.g. Brussels sprouts.” A third requires patients to imagine a “punishment scene,” conjuring up unbearable shame as a prophylactic, much as gay youths were once taught, in conversion therapy, to use the fear of familial judgment as a corrective. Several scholars told me that the notion of shaming youths into compliance is itself a fantasy. In the journal Child Maltreatment, the pediatric psychologist Mark Chaffin describes polygraphs, masturbation logs, and other such methods as “coercive techniques of doubtful accuracy, untested benefit, and considerable potential for harm.” But therapeutic failures can be lucrative for providers: the longer someone stays in treatment, the longer the person provides a steady income. “There’s an awful lot of money involved in prosecuting, locking up, treating, and registering these folks,” Phil Taylor, a former therapist for men convicted of sex offenses in Texas, told me. Under contract with the state, he spent some ten years treating hundreds of adults convicted of violent sex crimes, along with young adults who had had consensual relationships with other teens. A decade ago, in 2006, Taylor’s faith in the treatment protocols was shaken by new research. He renounced the field and began working for legislative reform of the registry. “It’s hard for people to change their minds when their livelihood depends upon this money stream,” he told me. In Midland, Anthony Metts continued to struggle with treatment. He acknowledged that his behavior as a teen had been reckless. He told me, “Do I think I needed some sort of therapy? Yes. But do I think I needed sex-offender therapy? Hell, no.” Still, the rules left few options. Eventually, he agreed to acknowledge how he’d “groomed” his “victims”: in one case, they’d gone to dinner, a movie, and—for a Halloween date—to a local haunted house. His life, meanwhile, increasingly felt like a series of derailments. He had been fired from a job he loved at a local radio station when an advertiser learned of his status on the registry and protested. The best gig he could find was in Midland’s oil fields, working dispatch. His mother began to worry about whether he’d make it through a decade of probation. She recalled the judge’s warning, on the day that Metts took the plea: “It’s a good deal if you make it, or else it’s a pretty lousy deal if you don’t.” At Indian Oaks, Leah DuBuc told me, “I did what I had to do to save my own skin.” She was released on a summer morning, and her father, who had divorced her stepmother, drove her to a campsite, where three of her childhood friends celebrated her return from “boarding school.” DuBuc flourished in high school. Her occasional check-ins with her probation officer weren’t onerous. Victoria was one of the few classmates who knew about her secret. But, not long after DuBuc’s time at Indian Oaks, the Michigan legislature passed a new sex-offender law creating an online registry that was available to anyone with an Internet connection. DuBuc was required to register privately with the local authorities; when she was eighteen, her name and personal information would be made public online. The law set a mandatory minimum of twenty-five years on the registry—based on a template that was spreading across the country. At first, the requirements were easily met. Each year, DuBuc’s dad would send in her latest weight, height, and address. In school, meanwhile, DuBuc earned a reputation as Little Miss Civics; she ran the Diversity Club and, after graduation, went to Guatemala with church friends to build an orphanage. But when she got Victoria’s call she learned that strangers could now map an easy route to her childhood home, using the state’s online sex-offender database. “This is where my life became a living hell all over again,” she later wrote. Throughout her first semester in college, she was dogged by fears of being outed. During winter break, her boyfriend invited her home to Brighton, Michigan. DuBuc agreed, but sheepishly explained that their first stop in town would have to be the police station. Her understanding was that she had to check in with local cops within forty-eight hours of arriving in a new town or face a felony charge. Her boyfriend parked in the lot of the Brighton Police Post. “I’m here to fill out the paperwork,” DuBuc told the trooper at the front desk. “I’m a registered sex offender.” “We don’t serve your kind here,” he replied. “You better leave before I take you out back and shoot you myself.” Back at the car, DuBuc wept. Her boyfriend filed a formal complaint, and eventually a letter arrived from the station’s lieutenant, apologizing for the trooper’s “unacceptable” behavior. DuBuc felt increasingly unsettled. “I didn’t really have people I could talk to who understood my situation,” she recalls. “I couldn’t talk to my mom—she was going through her own issues—and my dad would feel too guilty. I fell into a deep depression.” She made an effort to stay engaged in the world she still hoped to build, marching with the local living-wage campaign, travelling with her church group to Japan for the summer. At college, where she pursued a double major in comparative religion and social work, she racked up accolades: a Presidential Scholar award, a steady spot on the dean’s list. But, outside of her academics, things seemed only to get worse. As shows like “To Catch a Predator” débuted and awareness grew, registrant-shaming became a popular pastime. Soon, the state legislature voted to require registrants to report their place of work, volunteer activity, and education; new “Predator-Free Zones” were also introduced, prohibiting convicted sex offenders from going within a thousand feet of a school. Many such laws were applied retroactively, lumping juvenile offenses with those of adults. One morning during her junior year, DuBuc returned to her room from psychology class to find a yellow Post-it on her door: “We know you’re a sex offender. GET OUT OF OUR DORM. You’re not wanted here.” She tore it up, and told no one. A few days later, as she sat in her room working on a paper for class, she heard a ping from her AOL Instant Messenger account. The sender was anonymous. “We know you’re a sex offender,” DuBuc read. “Get out.” “Ever eat a bird?” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon She no longer felt safe in the dorm. But in order to rent her own apartment she’d need a decent income. She applied for jobs that interested her—working with the homeless, helping out an urban ministry—without success. Then McDonald’s, Burger King, and Subway turned her down because of her offender status. For a while, she dropped out of school, returning to Howell and working as a home-health-care aide. But she knew that her best chance of becoming independent was to complete her education. She moved into a homeless shelter in Kalamazoo and returned to class. Eventually, a church friend with whom she’d gone on a mission trip to Japan took her in, letting her sleep on the sofa. Unable to escape the public registry, DuBuc decided to study it, and then take it on. She bought a thick green binder and began to compile research: notes on the historical development of the juvenile-justice system, and studies of the registry’s impact on public safety. Finally, she began to write her story. “I’m a loving sister. . . . I’m an intern for the Kalamazoo City Commission,” she wrote in “So, Who Is Leah DuBuc Anyway?,” uploading the essay, along with friendly photographs (Leah with a campus Christian group, Leah arm in arm with her siblings). “I’m an advocate for the homeless, and disenfranchised. . . . Do I sound like a violent, predatory sex offender to you?” But vigilantism, too, has found opportunity in transparency. Most state registries publish an explicit warning against using the database for so-called citizen justice. To judge from my conversations with more than forty youth registrants and their families, however, these warnings have done little to prevent threats and violent attacks. Mike Grottalio, in Weatherford, Texas, told me how his daughter, who was sexually abused by her brothers when they were ten and twelve (and she was seven), had suffered further because of her siblings’ registration. After the boys returned from two years of detention, the family dog was shot to death by a neighbor. Then the local paper ran their names and address under the headlines “County Sex-Offender Roundup” and, later, for Halloween, “Know Where the Monsters Are.” More recently, a Molotov cocktail spilled flames across the family’s driveway, and BB-gun pellets were fired at their home’s vinyl siding after a neighbor passed out warning flyers. “It’s made outcasts of our whole family,” Grottalio said of the registry. “The damage has been done. There’s no repairing it.” In a small, religious neighborhood of Pinesdale, Montana, Heidi Nuttall described how locals held a meeting about her son—a registrant since the age of fourteen—that amounted to something “just short of a lynch mob.” Soon afterward, someone fired a BB gun at the door of the home where her son slept. A third mother, from Missouri, showed me photographs sent to her by local registrants who had apparently been singled out for retribution. She’d blown the pictures up to poster size, showing them to anyone who would look. One featured a registrant’s face that resembled a smashed tomato: two men had broken into his home and bashed him with a tire iron. In recent years, mothers like these have come together in groups like Women Against Registry, and they’ve begun showing up at the same events as Stacie Rumenap’s Stop Child Predators, sharing their own stories. Rumenap, for one, has little sympathy for those in the group advocating for husbands or adult sons who have been convicted of harming children; she isn’t convinced that most convicted adults should get a second chance. But the stories of juveniles on the registry have increasingly swayed her. “Never in our wildest dreams were we going state by state asking lawmakers to punish juveniles,” she told me, of her early years of lobbying for registry laws. “You can’t handle these types of kids—and they’re kids—in the same way you handle an adult and expect them to be rehabilitated.” Back in 2006, she helped bring a Florida father, Mark Lunsford, to Capitol Hill, to tell the story of how his daughter, Jessica, had been kidnapped, raped, killed, and buried by a man with a long history of abusing children. Together, they lobbied for the passage of Jessica’s Law, in Florida and beyond. But, soon afterward, Rumenap learned that Lunsford’s eighteen-year-old son had been arrested in Ohio, for heavy petting with a fourteen-year-old. Now the teen faced inclusion on the very registry that his father had fought to bolster in his murdered sister’s name. “When these laws started getting implemented and enforced, we didn’t realize what would happen,” Rumenap told me. “Now here we are, stuck asking, How do we solve this problem?” Leah DuBuc’s study of the registry evolved into an encyclopedia on juvenile registration. Under the tab “Definitions, History, and Origins,” she charted the creation of the Adam Walsh Act and how use of the registry varied from state to state. In South Carolina, she noted, a nine-year-old could be placed on the registry for life. Other states, including New York and Georgia, defied the act’s requirements and declined to place children in their online databases, at the risk of losing funds. DuBuc had come from a tight-lipped family—even today, some of her relatives have no idea why she was suddenly whisked away from home in sixth grade. But she began writing letters to every local power broker she could think of, asking for a second chance and pleading for the same consideration to be extended to others who faced charges as juveniles. She took her story to the state legislature and urged legal reform, calling for juveniles to be removed from public registries. “I am not alone,” she testified. At the very least, she told the state Senate, youthful offenders deserved a chance to have their cases reviewed for risk and fairness. Then she waited. In Lansing, a reform bill stalled, then failed. A letter came from a judge, apologizing that her record couldn’t be expunged under current law. In 2008, when DuBuc graduated with a master’s degree in social work, she had earned academic honors but her efforts to either clear or seal her juvenile record had gone nowhere, and she could find few decent prospects for employment. So DuBuc left her green binder at her father’s house, gave away much of what she owned, and stuffed her favorite sweaters, a Bible, and her CD collection into two duffel bags. America no longer had a place for her, she decided. And, although she didn’t want to separate herself from her friends and her family, she felt that she had no choice but to leave the country. In rural Minnesota, Patty Wetterling had, by the late two-thousands, devoted more than two decades of her life to keeping young people safe. First, she and her husband established a child-advocacy group, the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center. Then came a brief foray into politics—she ran for Congress in 2006, as a Democrat against Michele Bachmann, touting her years of fighting for “tough penalties for those who harm children”—and a long period of service as the chair of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. “Do you know how close to the sun you were flying?” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon With each passing year, Wetterling learned more about the costs and the causes of sexual harm. She studied the prevalence of the problem (vast), its perpetrators (trusted familiars far more often than strangers), and its most effective remedies (programs centered on open lines of communication in households, schools, and communities). Her first major clue that juvenile registration might demand closer scrutiny came in the nineteen-nineties. She had been touring the country, speaking out against the sexual exploitation of children, when she got an invitation to visit a juvenile-sex-offender treatment facility in Alabama. There she met a child who had just spent his tenth birthday at the institution. “He was nine when he first went into treatment,” she told me. “I was overwhelmed by that. I kept thinking about this kid, who goes away, gets sex-offender treatment, then goes back to his junior high school, and is on the public registry—this young person who really wants to return to school, to learn, to make friends, but can’t have a second chance. That’s a life sentence for this kid.” Still, she focussed on child sex-crime victims, and it was easy to understand the common thirst for retribution among fellow-parents: “You can see the fear and anger, as a parent. I get that.” In 2007, Wetterling took a job with the Sexual Violence Prevention Program, at the Minnesota Department of Health. She received a call from a Minneapolis mother who wanted to tell the story of her son, and soon followed up with a letter from him. “My name is Ricky,” it began, “and I’m a 19-year-old Registered Sex Offender.” The letter described how, at sixteen, Ricky had met a girl at a teen club who said she was nearly sixteen. They’d had consensual sex on two occasions, according to the note. Later, Ricky wrote, it came out that the girl was thirteen, and he was prosecuted for “Sexual Abuse, 3rd degree,” and placed on the public sex-offender registry; it left him and his family “shattered.” By then, Wetterling had watched the registry evolve into something very different from what she’d fought to create. The database was no longer for the private use of law enforcement. Nor was it confined to high-risk offenders or adults who targeted kids. (In some states, the registry pooled juveniles and those charged with public urination together with adults who had repeatedly raped children.) It also imposed a costly burden on law enforcement—time and money that might have gone for supervision of the highest-risk offenders and the training of officers in preventive measures. Wetterling began to talk to Ricky. He was “a young man with so much to contribute to the world,” she told me, but his attempts to lead a better life had time and again been thwarted by registration. Ricky’s letter also raised questions, for Wetterling, about the “Romeo and Juliet” problem—consensual teen-sex prosecutions. These included not just juveniles but also young adults, eighteen and older, who could be tried and sentenced accordingly. In at least twenty-nine states, Human Rights Watch reports, consensual sex between teen-agers can trigger registration. There have been scattered efforts at reform, including in Texas. But for many people found guilty of sex offenses, including Anthony Metts, in Midland, they came too late. Metts settled into his new life in the oil fields, reluctantly accommodating an array of strictures that he regarded as pointless. Each Halloween, for instance, he reported to the county probation office with dozens of other local sex offenders, and was held from 6 to 10 p.m. and shown movies like “Iron Man 2,” until trick-or-treating was over. “If someone’s that dangerous that they need to be locked up, what about all of the other three hundred and sixty-four days of the year?” he asked me. In 2006, he fell in love with a deputy sheriff’s daughter. One night, he took her out to his favorite Italian place in Odessa, ordered two steaks with risotto, and arranged for the waiter to bring out a dessert menu that read, among the à-la-carte selections, “Will you marry me?” She said yes, and a baby girl soon followed. “My daughter was a blessing and a miracle to me,” Metts told me. But it also introduced him to a troubling new aspect of his life on the registry. Metts, then twenty-four, learned that he wouldn’t be allowed to see his daughter. His status banned him from living with her, and thus with his wife. Still, Metts sneaked visits, breaking the rules. His mother, Mary Helen, obtained formal certification as a chaperon so that he could see his daughter in her presence, spending Saturday mornings by the duck pond or having brunch at Fuddruckers. Eventually, as his daughter grew, Metts says that his probation officer granted him approval for simple, unchaperoned outings, like crafting trips to Hobby Lobby, with a stop for doughnuts. One night, a former classmate saw Metts buying a sandwich at Walmart and shouted a slur at him; she’d seen his face on the registry for “Sexual Assault of a Child.” Rattled, he went to Buffalo Wild Wings to down a beer, and got busted. Metts had a record of technical violations, so a judge ordered him to wear an electronic ankle bracelet, administered by a private monitoring company that charged several hundred dollars a month. The device would notify the authorities of any infractions—stepping too close to a mall, park, bar, or church, or leaving the county without permission. The circumference of permissible life kept shrinking. “A flame inside of me just went out,” Metts told me. In the darkness that followed, he recalls, “I hermited myself.” He moved back in with his parents, to save money for his child and for his electronic-monitoring bills. Most days, he’d drive straight home from work to play Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas on his Xbox. Within a year and a half, he had gained a hundred pounds. He didn’t want his scarlet letter to further affect his wife and child; the couple got divorced. In the eighth year of his ten-year probation term, Metts decided to reënter the world. He returned to college, began to party, and made friends for the first time in years. On a warm afternoon in May during his final year of probation, he invited some of those new friends over to his parents’ swimming pool. He tossed back several beers and took a dip. He’d failed to charge his ankle bracelet properly, and the battery died at around 5 P.M. Shortly before midnight, his probation officer arrived at his door: she’d be filing to revoke his probation. A few weeks later, Metts was led into a courtroom in hand-cuffs, leg cuffs, and a chain around his waist connecting them. “I looked like Hannibal Lecter without the mask,” he told me. The judge’s name sounded familiar: she had helped prosecute his original case. (The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals has since agreed to consider whether her involvement in the earlier proceedings disqualified her from presiding over Metts’s fate.) The prosecutor pushed for two years in prison, arguing that the long list of Metts’s technical infractions was “not just a fluke . . . not just ‘Oops, I messed up.’ ” Metts’s attorney urged alternatives that would be less costly for taxpayers. None of Metts’s violations, he noted, had any connection to the original charges of sexual assault of a child. A typical mistake was failing to charge his ankle bracelet’s battery. The judge took some time to think it over. The next morning, she sentenced Metts to ten years in prison. In many states, compliance with the registry can prove to be a Sisyphean task. In McMinnville, Oregon, I met with Catherine Barnes, whose son, Christian, had been placed on a sex-offender registry for life after a sexual encounter, at the age of seventeen, with a thirteen-year-old girl. (In Oregon, the age of consent is eighteen.) Barnes told me that years of treatment, documenting “his masturbation and all that jazz,” and a life confined by the registry’s restrictions had changed him “one hundred per cent.” McMinnville is a town built on second chances. In the past few decades, it had lost its Hewlett-Packard and Pillsbury plants. But, as domestic-wine prices have surged in recent years, tasting bars have cropped up in the wine-country town, filled with tea lights and tourists. At a bright new bistro, Barnes showed me a video on her iPhone. “This was the happiest I’ve ever seen him,” she said. Christian, in his late twenties, was rapping the lyrics to Vanilla Ice’s “Ice Ice Baby” while seated in class at a windmill-repair school; he was physically hulking, but he shared his mother’s blond hair and high cheekbones. “Hey, dude, the fifties called, they want their shirt back. They also said that things are pretty tough there. Kind of a sad call, actually.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon “A lot of doors would have opened for Christian if we could have gotten him off the registry,” his attorney, Claire Brown, had told me at her Portland office. (Brown represented Christian through the CLiF Project, which helps provide legal aid to people placed on Oregon’s sex-offender registry for juvenile adjudications.) After our meal, Barnes took me to her house, where Christian had lived with her. “I’ll show you where it happened,” she told me, leading me by the arm to a small mauve bedroom, where a decade-long registration story had, not long ago, come to an end. In the winter of 2013, after years of being turned down for employment, Christian, then twenty-eight, was offered a job in Idaho as a clean-energy repairman for a well-known company. Giddy, he packed his suitcase and said his goodbyes. The night before his departure, he got a call. “Something’s come up,” a woman from the company told him; the company had run a criminal-background check and learned of his sex offense, and she had to let him know the bad news. “I heard the call,” Barnes said. “He was absolutely destroyed.” One afternoon the following spring, Christian called his mother, sounding frantic: “Mom, did you know I can’t even come into the school and pick up my own kid?” His daughter was entering preschool. Christian hadn’t realized that his registrant status barred him from things like school visits and dance recitals. His mental health deteriorated, and within weeks he was facing a possible felony charge for falling behind on his annual registration at the police station. On a Friday in April, Barnes called Christian from the grocery store in the early afternoon to see if he wanted anything; there was no answer. “Then I came in with my groceries, and I saw him lying there on the floor.” She pointed to the carpet, where she’d since placed an Autumn Cedar candle. “And I saw the gun three feet from his body.” Christian had long struggled with depression, debt, and other pressures, and his former probation officer cautioned me against overly tidy explanations for suicide: “Who can know the hearts of men?” But Barnes remembers him as a fearless kid, swinging from ropes and snatching lizards from the woods. As Christian’s teen-age mistake trailed him into adulthood, Barnes believes, his resilience proved unequal to the burden. She has since learned that suicide is not uncommon among registrants. Her son, who left no note, sent his girlfriend a goodbye text. “I shot myself,” it read. Often, parents are the ones who carry the weight of the registry. In her grief, Catherine Barnes contacted Oregon Voices, an advocacy group that has the stated goal of achieving “justice and rationality in policies regarding sex offenses.” It was run by a professor whose son was arrested, several years ago, for an Internet sex crime, and who had since become exercised by what he considered to be the evidence-blind nature of much sex-offense law. (In a study of more than a thousand male juveniles with sex-crime convictions, Elizabeth Letourneau and her colleagues found that public registration did not reduce repeat-offense rates.) Similar groups had emerged around the country, consisting mostly of parents whose children were on the registry or in detention. In the Midwest, there were the mothers who had formed Women Against Registry, seeking to educate the public about the effects of registration on families. In Maryland, another mother led parents in lobbying against strict residency restrictions. One of the largest and most effective advocacy groups was Texas Voices for Reason and Justice; its members include Mary Helen Metts, Anthony’s mother. “People would rather have a murderer next door, especially here in the Bible Belt,” Metts, a Catholic hospice worker with a Southern-belle bearing, told me. When her son first appeared on the Texas registry, some friends and relatives stopped speaking to her. Then she got a letter from Mary Sue Molnar, a San Antonio mother whose son was in detention for a sex offense. The founder of Texas Voices, Molnar had contacted the families of thousands of registrants in the state. At first, Mary Helen Metts didn’t see the point of participating in the group. But after her son was sent to prison she agreed to start a local chapter of the organization in Midland. Soon she was hosting Texas Voices meetings at her husband’s oil-company office after hours. “We don’t feel like lepers anymore,” she told me. This past June, Texas Voices hosted a gathering for a national umbrella advocacy organization called Reform Sex Offender Laws, at a church in Dallas. As many as two hundred registrants and their loved ones travelled across the country to attend. Around big circular tables, parents shared stories about vigilantism and therapy troubles, as well as tips on navigating the demands of compliance. In the church’s dining hall, the group held a humble auction (“Antique cookie jar, anyone? Eighteen dollars? Twelve dollars?”) to raise lobbying funds. Among the parents whose children were charged with sex crimes, discussion revolved around how to change registry laws. Josh Gravens, the young man from Abilene who had been placed on the registry at thirteen, stood at the microphone and said that, if parents didn’t tell their kids’ stories, no one else would. “It takes a lot for a legislator to stick their neck out on this issue,” he said. “So it’s vitally important that you speak up.” After packing up her life in Howell, Leah DuBuc boarded a plane for Tokyo. Her visit to Japan during college had filled her with a rush of big-city anonymity. Now she was determined to seek her second chance abroad. “It was such a relief to have a fresh start,” DuBuc told me. Like nearly every other country, Japan has no public sex-offender registry. DuBuc taught English and fell in love with a Filipino man from her church named Kimo, a surfer and a karaoke enthusiast who worked at a Disney resort. She had dreamed of volunteering in India, and with Kimo’s encouragement she spent six months working in orphanages from New Delhi to Kolkata. Along the way, Kimo joined her, and proposed. In 2010, they married over doughnuts in Bangalore, and soon returned to Tokyo, where their son was born. To show the baby off, they planned to travel to Fukushima, where Kimo had spent much of his childhood and where his family still lived. But, three days after the birth, the earthquake hit, followed by the tsunami, which killed Kimo’s mother and his twelve-year-old sister. DuBuc planned to stay in Japan, despite the devastation; she felt that God had called on her to help rebuild. Then, after a trip to obtain her in-laws’ remains, she received a flurry of Facebook messages from Sharon Denniston, her juvenile advocate in Michigan. Denniston had been pushing the legislative reforms that DuBuc had helped promote. “Be sure you are sitting down,” she wrote. “Juveniles that were less than 14 at the time of their offense will be straight out removed from the registry: no hearing, no court visit, no paperwork to fill out!” DuBuc asked Denniston for updates as the bill was implemented. “Sweet child of God, Leah,” Denniston wrote one evening. “Your name no longer appears on the public registry.” DuBuc decided to take her family home. Her father now had a girlfriend who owned a horse-rescue farm, where Leah and Kimo could work while they looked for steady employment. Even without a high-school diploma, Kimo quickly found a factory job making plastic car parts. Leah’s search proved harder, despite her master’s degree. Her fingerprints and her record still popped up in certain criminal-background checks. She spent months with the baby on her back, shovelling snow from horse stalls and tending to the hogs and cows before dawn, continuing her job search when the sun came up. “Oh, are you attacking from home today?”October 29, 2012 Share Tweet Buy a cartoon She found work at the Salvation Army, helping families in search of housing, but she was let go after several months without an explanation. The pattern persisted through jobs at a bookstore, a gas station, and a fry house—the same place she’d worked as a teen, when she was certain that her adult life was destined for public service. As DuBuc discovered, getting off a state’s online database doesn’t mean the end of online notoriety. Some companies have programs that retain information that was expunged from registries, which they publish online, demanding that offenders pay steep fees in order to have the damaging data removed. Charla Roberts, who had “pantsed” her classmate in Paris, Texas, when she was ten, was removed from the registry in her early twenties, with the help of Lone Star Legal Aid. But the Internet refused to forget. Not long ago, she learned that her ex-boyfriend’s new girlfriend was circulating a link to a commercial Web site called SexOffenderRecord.com. The site featured Charla’s photograph along with her race (black), age (twenty-five), and home address, as well as the message: “To alert others about Charla Lee Roberts’s Sex Offender Record . . . Just Click the Facebook Icon.” With each rebuff, DuBuc tried to motivate herself afresh. By her bed, she stuck a NASA bumper sticker that Kimo had given her, which read, “Failure is not an option.” And Sharon Denniston had made a present of DuBuc’s favorite prayer, from Jeremiah, in a gilt frame: “ ‘For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord. ‘Plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.’ ” The reform movement’s efforts have started to see gains. In recent years, many institutions—from district attorneys’ offices to detention facilities—have improved the way they deal with youths who have committed sexual offenses. The broader justice system, too, has shifted, acknowledging that juveniles aren’t just mini-adults; not long ago, the Supreme Court affirmed that “children who commit even heinous crimes are capable of change.” The current executive director of Indian Oaks Academy, Mike Chavers, says that the institution has advanced considerably since the era of DuBuc’s treatment. “Today, while there are some children who need treatment in a more controlled setting, we know that the vast majority of individuals are better off in their own communities, closer to their families, and that’s what we’re pushing to have done,” he told me. Chavers has also recently joined the fight to reform Illinois’s juvenile-registry laws. “To write a kid off at an early age and to label them like that is just unconscionable,” he says. In Pennsylvania, in 2014, the state Supreme Court ruled that mandatory lifetime sex-offender registration for juveniles was unconstitutional, after the Philadelphia-based Juvenile Law Center led a legal challenge. And in Texas an official task force has formed to assess ways of improving outcomes for juveniles charged with sex offenses; Josh Gravens was invited to testify at one of its hearings this month. But the legislative provisions have proved far more recalcitrant. One of the movement’s best hopes for advancing legislative change is an attorney named Nicole Pittman. In the early two-thousands, Pittman worked as a public defender on the juvenile docket in New Orleans, where she first noticed the long-term toll that the registry took on convicted offenders. (In Louisiana, teen-agers’ licenses are stamped in red with “SEX OFFENDER.”) In 2011, she embarked on a cross-country trek to interview youth registrants and their families. Her findings were released in a hundred-plus-page Human Rights Watch report, which she was sure would inspire changes in policy. On the road, Pittman met with members of local government to present her findings, and most politicians listened politely. But few, if any, were moved to action. “The biggest barrier in this work is: ‘If I act, I’m going to lose the next election,’ ” she says. She was dejected, and weighed giving up, but when she won last-minute funding from the Stoneleigh Foundation she moved her operations to Oakland, California, and launched a program called the Center on Youth Registration Reform, with a new criminal-justice-advocacy group known as Impact Justice. Then she forged a surprising alliance with Eli Lehrer, the president of the R Street Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, D.C. It was a curious pairing. Pittman favors funky red Converse sneakers, a silver nose ring, and a punk-rock-meets-courtroom aesthetic; Lehrer, a navy-blazer type, had a life-sized cutout of President Reagan in his office. Yet they both deplored juvenile registration; he saw it as a costly and invasive problem of big government, and one that flew in the face of the prevailing evidence about kids who offend against other kids. Pittman observed that some conservatives were willing to take risks that their progressive counterparts wouldn’t, to defend second chances for juvenile offenders. The religious right, for instance, shared a ready-made language of redemption. Last summer, Pittman and Lehrer drafted a plan of action that focussed on revising a single clause of the Adam Walsh Act. Instead of mandating that states include certain kids on the public registry, they proposed that the law stipulate the opposite: that states failing to eliminate the practice of juvenile registration would fall afoul of federal law, and lose funds. Any savings could be put toward programs that took a preventive approach to childhood sexual assault. Pittman and Lehrer contacted Stacie Rumenap, the head of Stop Child Predators, who agreed to help push the proposal nationwide and to work with them on state-level reforms. “Over the years,” Rumenap told me, “I’ve become more sympathetic and more aware that, as we draft our sex-offender laws, we need to be very careful about how we insure young kids’ lives aren’t being ruined.” This past July, I drove around Midland, Texas, trying to find the girls—now women—who were involved in Anthony Metts’s case. Having no luck with doorbells, I left notes, and two days later I got a call from one of them. “I never wanted Anthony to be prosecuted,” she told me. “It was a consensual relationship—the kind when you’re young and you’re stupid. My mom knew about it. We’d go on dates, drive around, hang out.” She was shocked to learn of Metts’s fate: his nine-plus years of probation, his current decade of incarceration. “I told [law enforcement] that I didn’t feel like he should have to be prosecuted,” she said. That same month, I made plans to visit Metts in prison, at Fort Stockton. For nearly two years, I’d routinely spoken with him by phone. But now Anthony’s calls had mysteriously stopped. His mother told me that he had been assaulted by two inmates after they took his I.D. number and found out that he was a sex offender. He was hospitalized and then moved to solitary confinement. Several weeks later, he was transferred to a remote penitentiary in deep East Texas, eight hours away, built on farmland cleared by former slaves and now maintained by prison labor. When I drove there for an interview, guards shuffled Metts, tall and monkish in his prison whites, into a small booth with a partition between us. The night before, he learned that he’d lost a pending appeal in his case. His eyes were puffy from tears and sleeplessness. “It’s been nice talking to you, but I should probably get back to staring blankly ahead.”March 13, 2006 Share Tweet Buy a cartoon “I thought, by the time we finally met, we’d be on the rooftop at the Hilton,” he said, laughing halfheartedly. For most of the next four hours, he spoke of how he planned to get through the coming decade. “In my mind, I don’t live here,” he told me. He spends his days reading business and life-style magazines and making plans to return to his daughter, who is now eight. “I look forward to being the dad she deserves, the dad I feel I am,” he said. “I miss reading her stories. Getting doughnuts with her, helping her with her homework, brushing her hair. Everything. Everything.” He began to sob. “It’s a son of a bitch,” he said. Eventually, guards came over and recuffed his hands. After he’d been shuffled back to segregation, it occurred to me that if Anthony Metts serves out his full sentence he will have spent more than twenty years—nearly half his life—under state supervision. Last October, Patty Wetterling got a startling piece of news at home, in St. Joseph, Minnesota. Twenty-six years after Jacob’s unsolved disappearance, the police had identified a “person of interest” in the case: Daniel James Heinrich, a man whose DNA allegedly matched that found in another unsolved case involving child kidnapping and sexual assault from 1989, in a nearby town. Heinrich was subsequently arrested on five counts of child pornography, unrelated to Jacob; he has pleaded not guilty and is currently awaiting trial. He appeared to be the sort of figure for whom Patty Wetterling first envisaged a private law-enforcement registry. On a Tuesday afternoon a few days later, Wetterling and her husband walked to the end of their driveway in St. Joseph and stood before a group of reporters. “We still don’t know who took Jacob—we have as many questions, or more, as all of you,” she said, according to local newspapers. “Child sexual abuse and abduction is something we cannot tolerate. I refuse to be silent.” The discovery of Heinrich took place a few months after Wetterling’s retirement as the director of Minnesota’s Sexual Violence Prevention Program. Just before stepping down, Wetterling had overseen the publication of a remarkable legislative report, titled “Sexual Violence Prevention,” which maps out a public-health response to rape, incest, and childhood sexual assault. It calls for “taking on the root causes like alcohol and drug use, emotionally unsupportive family environments, and societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement.” The report was an apt summary of Wetterling’s work, and—with its emphasis on prevention—belonged to a maturing vision that began, years before, with the open-ended pain of losing a child. That pain had helped her craft an early model of the sex-offender registry and, later, a nuanced critique of what it had become. But Wetterling’s grief had never abated into abstraction. And so, on that Tuesday afternoon in November, flanked by her husband, she returned to a touchstone. “The one question that we have said for twenty-six years is Where is Jacob? Where is Jacob?” she said. “I will still always, always hope.” In Howell, Leah DuBuc has grown largely reconciled to her circumstances. On occasion, though, her fear resurges; when I first visited her at her home, she’d spent the previous night in her rocking chair, keeping watch, having been alerted by a noise that stirred thoughts of vigilantes. She still tracks news of registrant attacks across the country. Last year, a neo-Nazi couple were convicted of murdering a man on the registry and his wife, with plans to take down others. “Child molesters don’t deserve to live,” the man told reporters, adding that if he “had to do it over again, I’d kill more.” DuBuc and I spent part of the day in her garden, with the tomatoes and the strawberries that her four-year-old son had helped plant. Her two-year-old daughter played in a sandbox nearby. DuBuc spoke of her efforts to find a job. She’s been working for a company called Life Leadership, which does “financial fitness” coaching; at night, she sells the company’s self-help books, CDs, and videos from her car. She believes that self-employment is the best option for current and former registrants. She also holds regular yard sales, selling old baby clothes and toys, and makes her own home décor, including a wreath on the front door which lists, in bright colors, the things the family is grateful for: “Food,” “Our health,” “Daddy’s Job,” “Mommy’s Hope.” DuBuc has worked hard to protect her kids from the experiences that defined her childhood: the chaotic home life, most of all, and the lack of supervision that she believes got her into trouble. “That’s my No. 1 life mission,” she told me. “Raising my kids to be empathetic, good citizens.” As DuBuc recounted her memories of Indian Oaks Academy—the assaults she witnessed as a girl, the gruelling therapies—her son raced over, wearing a pirate’s eye patch and a sword at his hip. As the kids settled down to watch “Shrek,” Leah rummaged in the basement for her old green binder. Inside was the apologetic letter from the Brighton Police lieutenant and the countless appeals she’d written to politicians, judges, and journalists, hoping for a break. She peeled open the sticky pages of her photo album, which chronicled her travels to Japan and India and her lobbying in Lansing. Together, we flipped from back to front, pausing often to talk. By the time we reached the opening pages, it was nearly midnight. We’d landed on a photograph of a ten-year-old DuBuc at a dance recital, her emerald-green tank top contrasting with her flaming-red hair. She was holding a carnation. In a moment, DuBuc would get up to look in on her sleeping son and daughter, wishing for them what Jeremiah 29:11 had spoken of—“hope, and a future”—before double-checking the deadbolts. But for now she sat in silence. “That’s me,” she finally said. “A kid.” ♦ Share Tweet Sarah Stillman is a staff writer at The New Yorker and a visiting scholar at the N.Y.U. Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute. MORE » & Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » More From The New Yorker About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 3/23/17 - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, Jevic - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren Worried - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Alice in Gender-Gap Land - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/22/2017 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Taking on Trump’s Agenda: Nine Tough Questions for SEC Chair Nominee Jay Clayton on the Eve of His Confirmation Hearings - 03/22/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 3/22/17 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Even Before Brexit Triggered, EU Again Signals It Is Not Budging on “Shape of the Table” Issue - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients? - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/17/2017 Posted on March 17, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “‘It’s hard to overstate how much the German chancellor, who aides say has been preparing for her visit to the White House for weeks, has riding on this meeting,’ Politico Europe’s Matthew Karnitschnig reports. ‘When it comes to the existential questions of the economy and security, the U.S. remains Germany’s indispensable partner,’ Karnitschnig writes. ‘What’s less obvious is what the U.S. gets out of the deal. Merkel’s challenge during several hours of both one-on-one and group meetings with Trump will be to convince him that the answer is ‘plenty.” To help sell her argument, Merkel is bringing high-profile CEOs of German companies to help the president recognize how much they invest in the U.S. and how many Americans they employ” [Politico]. Politics New Cold War “In a congressional investigation—particularly one as politically fraught as an inquiry into Russian meddling in U.S. elections—bipartisanship is essential to success. Tracking and analyzing any Russian contacts and activities will present huge challenges. It will require access to individuals and documents not only here at home, but in other countries as well. Some of the evidence will be classified. There may be leaks and false leads. Targets of the investigation will be defensive. Witnesses may obstruct the inquiry. There will be efforts to delay and efforts to seek back channels to weaken the committee’s commitment to the facts” [John Warner and Carl Levin, Politico]. “Despite all of these threats, the investigation can be successful, but only if those members of Congress leading the inquiry direct the majority and minority staffs to operate in a completely bipartisan manner—to link arms and hold tight.” “The outcry over Russian machinations comes with a heavy dose of irony considering that, twenty years ago, the United States launched an even bolder interference campaign to ensure Boris Yeltsin’s reelection” [Jacobin]. A truly confident ruling class would do a lot less whinging than ours does. Health Care “U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday met with a dozen conservative Republicans from the House of Representatives and said all of them were now planning to support the bill to replace Obamacare after previously opposing or questioning it” [Reuters]. “‘All of these no’s or potential no’s are all yeses,’ Trump told reporters at a meeting with members of the House of Representatives’ conservative Republican Study Committee.” “In a letter Thursday, governors from Ohio, Nevada, Michigan and Arkansas wrote Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan and said the legislation the House is considering “does not ensure the resources necessary to make sure no one is left out, and shifts significant new costs to states.” They said the bill “does not meet” goals set out by President Donald Trump about state flexibility and making sure people are covered” [Bloomberg]. Ohio and Michigan: Two important swing states Trump won. “Sen. Collins says she can’t support House health care plan in current form” [Portland Press Herald]. “‘This bill doesn’t come close to achieving the goal of allowing low-income seniors to purchase health insurance,’ Collins said.” And Maine is the oldest state. ‘The Ryan bill does not adjust for geography or for income – except for higher incomes – so a 60-year-old living in Portland or Caribou would receive $4,000 to help pay for a health plan regardless of whether the enrollee earns $20,000 or $50,000. Also, health care costs can vary widely by region and are typically much more expensive in rural areas. For instance, a silver plan for a 60-year-old who earns $30,000 purchased on the ACA marketplace would currently cost $8,692 in Portland, but $13,317 in Caribou.” Portland is District 1 (went for Clinton). Caribou is District 2 (went for Trump). Collins was born in Caribou. “[A] quieter group of lawmakers from districts that Trump either lost, or barely won, are assessing the plan, too, and some are already leaning against it. Tipping to conservatives’ wishes would risk alienating those concerned about phasing out Medicaid subsidies too quickly or about fallout from the Congressional Budget Office projections of higher premiums and an increase in the number of uninsured” [RealClearPolitics]. “The process, which could drag on through the next recess, could leave some of the already vulnerable members susceptible to attacks from constituents wary of health care changes. On this legislation and other measures, this group of lawmakers will be interesting to watch, particularly the 23 Republicans who hail from districts Hillary Clinton won in 2016.” UPDATE “The real question is whether McConnell, Pence, and Ryan will wind up deciding the risk of gutting the filibuster is acceptable if the only alternative is the complete collapse of the Obamacare repeal-and-replace process, leading to angry ‘red-state’ mobs inspiring a new tea party movement, and perhaps a fatal intra-party split” [Ed Kilgore, New York Magazine]. “If nothing else, this approach could be a ‘break glass in case of an emergency’ fallback if all else fails, as it certainly looks like it may.” (That last link is worth a clickthrough, too; it’s fun to read a “Republicans in Disarray” story, for a change.) If the Republicans do this, the Democrats are going to look awfully foolish for not having done it in 2009. “The Lessons of Obamacare” [Ezra Klein and Sarah Kliff, Vox]. “Obama had a habit, back in meetings during the Affordable Care Act’s drafting, his former advisers recall. He would start twisting an invisible Rubik’s cube in the air, working his hands around to try to make the pieces fit together just right.” This is simply sycophantic, unsurprsingly for Klein, less so for the normally level-headed Kliff. The pieces to fit together shouldn’t exist in the first place. Medicare for All isn’t a Rubik’s Cube; it’s a simple, rugged, and proven solution. And here they simply rewrite history: Jacob Hacker, a Yale political scientist who wrote his dissertation on the Clinton administration’s failed effort, distills the problem well. ‘When it comes to health care, it’s one thing to make the system better,’ he says. ‘It’s a whole other to remake it entirely. You can ask Americans to walk forward, slowly, knowing they can scramble back to the ledge if need be. You cannot ask them to jump.'” Hacker was the primary academic proponent of the so-called public option, originally proposed as Medicare-like and of Medicare scale, that career “progressives” used to suck away all the oxygen from single payer, at which point, having served its purpose, it dwindled into nothing. If you look at the polls, and if you listen to the voters, including Trump voters — as Sanders is doing in Town Halls right now — you’ll see that people are, well, dying for Medicare for All. It’s the political class that’s trembling at the ledge. Klein and Kliff have themselves confused with people who matter. Trump Transition “While the White House has lofty aspirations with its proposed $1 trillion infrastructure investment plan, it looks like there may be some harsh budgetary realities to deal with first, considering the proposed cuts for the United States Department of Transportation (DOT) as per President Trump’s budget blueprint, which was released yesterday” [Logistics Management]. “[I]t sets out the administration’s governing priorities, including a stark austerity message for programs popular with both Republicans and Democrats. DOT spending would decline 12.7% from this year and the Army Corps of Engineers, which maintains ports and inland waterways, would cut its spending by one-sixth. The administration says some of that spending could come back if it can pass a $1 trillion infrastructure bill” [Wall Street Journal]. So no net stimulus? Apparently not– “[T]he administration now says an infrastructure plan would come after Congress copes with health care and tax reform—two difficult issues laden with political minefields. One growing concern is that much of the investment may come in the form of tax breaks rather than direct federal spending, and so there may be few new projects beyond those state and local governments were planning anyway” [Wall Street Journal]. “[F]or all the pain it proposes, the budget summary is pathetically weak on substance and analysis. It deals only with discretionary spending, the roughly one-third of the budget for which Congress is supposed to appropriate money annually. Unlike the first-year, so-called skinny budgets offered by presidents going back to Ronald Reagan, it omits any figures on mandatory programs, including Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, as well as estimates of tax revenues, interest payments or deficits, and any explanation of the document’s underlying economic assumptions” [Editorial Board, New York Times]. “The problem with Spicer citing the possibility of incidental collection, of course, is that Trump claimed the [“wiretap”] surveillance was targeted at him — and directed by Obama. Incidental collection is, by definition, incidental — i.e. unintentional. The wiretap wouldn’t be of Trump Tower; it would be of whomever was contacting Trump Tower” [WaPo]. Sure, if you have faith, as process liberals do, that (a) the distinction between wiretapping and other forms of harvesting conversations is important (this distinction bedevilled the discussion of Bush’s program of warrentless surveillance, when the NSA first began sucking up everything), and (b) that the (so-called) FISA Court would never, ever authorize a fishing expedition, where “incidental” collection was the actual goal. “For the Record: White House budget director did not say Meals on Wheels did not show results” [WaPo]. I thought that talking point smelled funny; liberal and the Democrat Establishment tend to focus on programmatic “totem animals” (like saving polar bears because they’re cute, instead of saving entire habitats, far more important, and indeed, necessary to save the polar bears, too, but harder to fundraise off of, because habits are not cute, unless your John Muir or something). So liberal Democrats are vulnerable to defeat in detail when one of their talking points goes bad, as seems to be happening now with the Russkis flap. Of coure, if the Democrats were able to develop and communicate an actual governing philosophy, the details wouldn’t matter so much, now would they? 2020 “Chelsea Clinton fuels speculation of political run” [The Hill]. “In the meantime, the mom of two small children has a full schedule: She’s vice chair at the Clinton Foundation, where she works several times a week, and is an adjunct professor at Columbia University, where she teaches a global health governance class.” “Several times a week.” Fancy! 2018 “There are three dis­tinct­ive sea­sons in the bi­an­nu­al elec­tion cycle. The first is to fig­ure out what happened in the last elec­tion and why. The second is to re­cruit the strongest can­did­ates you can find. The third is the cam­paign it­self” [Cook Political Report]. “This year, Demo­crats be­came so con­sumed with the Demo­crat­ic Na­tion­al Com­mit­tee elec­tions that they didn’t really ex­am­ine what happened on a na­tion­al level.” The losers get to write the history (when they’re winners in the party). 2016 Post Mortem “Wells Fargo executives were awarded more money in 2016 despite scandal, filing shows” [Charlotte Observer]. Just think. If Obama had met Loretta Lynch on the tarmac and gotten her to throw some Wells Fargo executives in jail, Hillary Clinton [genuflects] might be President today! Realignment and Legitimacy “[T]he urban/rural and exurban/inner suburban split we saw in the 2016 campaign is alive and well a month into President Trump’s tenure. Those who live in exurban and rural areas give him a 53-59 percent job approval rating, while those in cities and inner suburbs give him subpar job ratings. Just 35 percent of urban suburbanites and 23 percent of city dwellers approved of the job he was doing” [Cook Political Report]. Stats Watch Quadruple Witching: Leading Indicators, February 2017: “Leading indicators are showing a rare string of strength, rising in February for a third month at a very strong 0.6 percent rate. Emerging strength in factory readings have been driving the gain along with continued strength in consumer expectations and low and favorable levels for jobless claims” [Econoday]. “Stock prices have also been a plus. This report is pointing to accelerating conditions for the nation’s economy over the next six months.” But: “The rate of growth may be improving on this index. Because of the significant backward revisions, I do not trust this index” [Econintersect]. Industrial Production, February 2017: “Factory production, as signaled by record acceleration in advance anecdotal reports, is beginning to find its footing. The manufacturing component of the industrial production report jumped 0.5 percent in February to signal the largest increase in month-to-month volumes since July 2015” [Econoday]. “The gain includes strength in business equipment as well as auto production and is underscored by an outsized 3 tenths upward revision to January which also now stands at 0.5 percent….. For the last several months regional reports like Empire State and especially the Philly Fed have been signaling a major breakout for the factory sector, one that, until today’s data at least, had yet to appear in the numbers out of Washington. Today’s report may mark the beginning of a significant climb for a sector that limped through 2016.” And: “The market expected some improvement this month in industrial production – but got the opposite. Utilities were the wobble this month as both manufacturing and mining improved. This report actually is relatively strong. The manufacturing surveys all predicted improvement – and it was delivered” [Econintersect]. And: “below expectations of a 0.2% increase, but January was revised up” [Calculated Risk]. Consumer Sentiment, March 2017 (preliminary): “The consumer sentiment index, which unlike other confidence readings had been edging back slightly, is once again showing increasing strength” [Econoday]. “But it’s the expectations component, up 2 tenths to 86.7, that once again reveals a deep schism in the report’s sample. Expectations among Democrats are at 55.3 in a reading consistent with what the report describes as an imminent recession. In contrast, Republican expectations at 122.5 are consistent with extraordinary strength, described in the report as a new economic era. Independents are the swing factor and their expectations are right in between, at 88.3. The report notes that respondents are showing selective attention to economic news with Democrats concentrating on the unfavorable and Republicans on the favorable.” 21st Century Schizoid Confidence Fairy… Atlanta Fed Business Inflation Expectations, March 2017: “[M]oderate rate but still the high for this economic cycle” [Econoday]. Labor Market Conditions: “The US Labor Market Conditions Index (LMCI) rose 1.3 in February following a 1.3 gain the previous month” [Economic Calendar]. “The overall increases in the index have, however, been relatively subdued over the past few months with the largest monthly gain only 1.3. The readings are well below the increases seen during 2014 and 2015.” Retail: “As the world’s largest retailer, Wal-Mart has a uniquely large impact on many state economies, and it is the largest employer in 23 states” [247 Wall Street]. Rail: “Week 10 of 2017 shows same week total rail traffic (from same week one year ago) marginally improved according to the Association of American Railroads (AAR) traffic data” [Econintersect]. “Although the data was better this week, the intuitive portions of the data remain soft.” Again, “stuff” is moving. But… Shipping: “Back in the 1980s, the last time shipping had plummeted so low, a slew of well known shipping brands were scuttled, never to trade again. The difference between then and now is two-fold – 30 years back interest rates were running at 15%, today they’re next to nothing. Also back then, American banks in particular – and to a certain extent French ones – were far more prominent, and their brutal attitude when things hit the fan was to deploy lawyers and clear out fleets fast” [Splash 247]. “Nowadays, we live in different times where vultures lie in wait and struggling lines are picked up for a pittance and carry on, prolonging the agony of what has been one of most protracted recessions in the history of commercial shipping.” Fodder for the Bulls: “The global economy enjoys a synchronised upswing” [The Economist]. “The past decade has been marked by false dawns, in which optimism at the start of a year has been undone—whether by the euro crisis, wobbles in emerging markets, the collapse of the oil price or fears of a meltdown in China. America’s economy has kept growing, but always into a headwind (see article). A year ago, the Federal Reserve had expected to raise interest rates four times in 2016. Global frailties put paid to that. Now things are different.” The Fed: “Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said yesterday that “the economy is doing well” as she announced the Fed’s third benchmark rate hike since the Great Recession. Yet there are important arguments against the rate hike: Unemployment hasn’t fallen to the level it reached in the late 1990s; wages are still stagnant; people of color are still unemployed at much higher rates than white workers. So it may be far better to let the economy “run hot” (i.e., risk a bit of inflation) than to lock in this labor market for the long term” [Lenore Palladino, Medium]. “There’s also another key issue that’s discussed far less frequently: Increasing the target rate means increasing the interest payments that the Federal Reserve makes on the excess reserve balances that private banks hold with the Fed. These payments aren’t small change. Back-of-the-envelope math tells us that the Fed paid an average of $8 billion a month in excess reserve interest payments just since January of 2014 — and payments have been above $10 billion per month since the Fed raised the core rate in December 2015.[2] Should these payments continue, as the benchmark rate rises and the economy is judged to be ‘doing well?'” Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 50 Neutral (previous close: 53, Greed) [CNN]. One week ago: 61 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Mar 16 at 11:50am. Trump euphoria wearing off? Gaia “Animal behaviour: World of webs” [Nature]. “Arachnid Orchestra & Cosmic Dust: The Multiverse Tour” is an exhibit in Buenos Aires, starting Apriil 6. So, for our Argentinian readers! The 420 “One of the unintended side effects (probably) of legalizing marijuana for recreational use could be a drop of 7.1% in retail sales of beer, or about $2 billion, according to the Cannabiz Consumer Group. In states where recreational use is already legal, 27% of beer drinkers claim they have already substituted (or would substitute if it were legal to do so where they live) cannabis for beer” [247 Wall Street]. Guillotine Watch Metaphor along the Acela corridor: Class Warfare “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female… “Credentials, Jobs and the New Economy” [Tressie McMillan Cottom, Inside Higher Ed]. (This is Tressie MC, who wrote that excellent report on a Trump rally at a time when the mainstream press was even more filled with useless drivel and propaganda than usual.) Important: “[O]f the 109 students formerly or presently enrolled in for-profit colleges that I interviewed between 2011 and 2015, no one talked about the context of their college choices in ways that would suggest that more accurate or clear job-placement data would have changed their circumstances or decisions. Instead, they talked about a credential as insurance against risks they could not continue to bear alone… What JJ really needed was to not need a credential at all. It was only when the conditions of the labor market devalued his and Janice’s experiences that they considered college.” News of the Wired “P. G. Wodehouse’s American Psycho” [McSweeney’s]. Finally! “Google Home is playing audio ads for Beauty and the Beast” [The Verge]. Glass bowls… “How to Clear a Path Through 60 Feet of Snow, Japanese Style” [Atlas Obscura]. Vertical feet… * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (Lee): Lee writes: Dark Star Ceonothus (CA native), Emeryville, CA 03/15/17. Taking me back… Musical interlude: Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00000 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on March 17, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Diversity and Public Goods: The More We Mix, the Better The Role of Experts in Public Debate → Subscribe to Post Comments 90 comments Altandmain March 17, 2017 at 2:13 pm Has anyone read up on the US Navy’s nuclear plans? https://warisboring.com/super-fuzed-warheads-on-u-s-navy-subs-risk-sparking-an-accidental-nuclear-war-c31aa0f0a125#.3qmvlxuyd%5D It could make a bad situation worse. In terms of other interesting tidbits, the American Conservative is calling for diplomacy between the US and North Korea: http://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/the-case-for-talking-to-north-korea/ Sad to see the paleoconservatives going for diplomacy, while the Clinton liberals in bed with the neoconservatives. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 17, 2017 at 3:00 pm Diplomacy between the US and North Korea? It’s about friggin’ time! I once read a book by a negotiator named Herb Cohen. He was a legend in the field. What was his secret? To keep both sides talking! The more they talk, the higher the likelihood of an agreement at some point. Reply ↓ Paid Minion March 17, 2017 at 4:34 pm I got a better idea……….declare Victory, and go home Let the South Koreans, Chinese and Japanese sort it out. No need for us to even participate, other than working out a deal to finish recovering our MIAs from Unsan, Chosin, and “The Gauntlet”. Reply ↓ Altandmain March 18, 2017 at 8:27 pm Sadly it’s the paleoconservatives calling for diplomacy, not Donald Trump and Kim talking together, or through diplomatic intermediaries. I fear that Trump will be more business as usual. Reply ↓ Bill Smith March 17, 2017 at 3:11 pm The Navy’s new fuses… Wasn’t this here the other day? Don’t really see it as big a deal as they claim. Same thing could have been done in 1998 or 2008. If you are going to wipe out the Russian ICBM force in a first strike why does it matter that you use 50% or 90% of your SLBM’s? What are the remaining ones for? And the US ICBM’s? And the aircraft delivered stuff. Now they are claiming they just don’t need as many as before. The whole idea of a first strike being successful is just crazy. I’ve always been amused by these articles as they never discuss things like the fratricide between the first nuclear weapon denotation and the follow on ones. To get the second warhead there, what is the probability of successfully navigating multiple humongous electromagnetic pulses to arrive at the target with a functioning warhead? Stuff just doesn’t work like that. Other problems too, once you move from a Hollywood set to real life. Lucky for us – so far – I guess. Reply ↓ Altandmain March 17, 2017 at 4:26 pm It’s not whether the US can do it or not that’s the problem. It’s how the Russians interpret it. If they do see it as hostile (and frankly I can see why they might), risk of a nuclear war goes up. Reply ↓ alex morfesis March 18, 2017 at 12:00 am mutual assured stupidity…it takes more than 50 decent sized nukes to cripple either side…the dust cloud from just one side being stupid enough to use 25 nukes will ensure that both sides lose probably 50% + of each others population due to crop and food losses over the course of 3 years, with limited capacity to factor in who will actually survive beyond 5 years, if anyone…no food, no commerce, disrupted weather cycles… also, there is that problem that rockets really don’t work as well as they are marketed…and the chance the weapons explode at attempted launch, or just fall back down on your own country are fairly large… The money is in creating fear, not actually going to war… 100 years ago, the russian nobility thought all they had to do was get rid of Nicholas 2 History almost never plays out as planned… there is no reason for microsoft to have passed by all its competition, and no reason for apple to have been resurrected… RCA traded at 169 in march of 1928 & depending on how you calculate it, probably never saw that price again… I would be more worried about pakistan and india farting nukes at each other and not giving much thought to the effects on their own populations nor the world at large… but as described above, as to korea…declare victory…remove the troops…watch onedumbsun freak out when the great devil is no longer there to scare his unknowing minions… china could no longer claim it can’t “deal” with onedumbsun without leaving the us of a with troops on its border… the north would now have his bluff called, since he is sitting on basically 1950’s and 1960’s technology… and the south would have to figure out how to either deal with or integrate the north…very expensive, either way… but sadly, methinx president don trumpioni has gone all MacArthur and is getting close to running out of card tricks…oh well…onto to 2018… Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 2:14 pm Woa! The page is being eaten alive by the train video! Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorMarch 17, 2017 at 2:24 pm It should be fixed now; if not, please refresh. The stupids at Google changed the embed code, and also changed the embed UI so it’s not possible to customize the size of a YouTube anymore. Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 3:08 pm Looks good now! Maybe they locked it away as a YT Red feature… innovation! Reply ↓ Darius March 17, 2017 at 2:37 pm Japan has universal single payer health care except employers can opt out and be the insurers for their employees. This is what I thought the public option should do. Make everyone eligible for Medicare but allow employers to continue providing healthcare if they choose to or unions bargain it. This would address the “can’t I keep my health care?” issue. Reply ↓ Uahsenaa March 17, 2017 at 4:15 pm It should be noted, though, that the national insurance scheme and employer provided ones are not functionally different. All medical procedures have a fixed cost in Japan, set by the government each year, so coverage is fundamentally the same since, unlike the US, there is no negotiating what gets covered, how much of the costs the insurance company pays, etc. The employer plans cover all the same things in exactly the same way the national scheme does. That said, healthcare in this country has nothing to do with cost; it’s simply a matter of political will. The US is the richest country in the world, and if we can manage to “find” (read: print) trillions of dollars to buy toxic assets off nearly insolvent banks, then I think we can “find” a trillion here or there to make sure people don’t die of perfectly treatable ailments. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef March 17, 2017 at 5:08 pm If we can talk about free college education, we can talk about free health care for all. National health insurance is good, but free health care for all is the best. Reply ↓ Benedict@Large March 17, 2017 at 5:37 pm +1 Reply ↓ Toolate March 18, 2017 at 2:27 am +100 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef March 17, 2017 at 5:10 pm And I think we can afford it. Reply ↓ shinola March 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm Wow Lambert – that’s a fairly hardcore Dead Head cut. Haven’t listened to that particular album for a while – thanks! Reply ↓ Tvc15 March 17, 2017 at 3:42 pm Yes, thanks and a perfect transition from my corporately indoctrinated brain to my human being brain. After reading Chelsea’s picture book and given her exceptional credentials, I realized I need to start donating to her 2020 campaign! Maybe an all female ticket with Debbie or Donna would be fantastic. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 17, 2017 at 6:00 pm Debbie AND Donna. Yeah! That’s the ticket! Two VPs. Then you can do something like a coronation style campaign – the Queen To Be and her Two Ladies in Waiting. Fuggetabout pantsuits. Just sounds wrong. A cape! Debbie and Donna hold the ends of the cape and keep it from touching the ground! How awesome. Can’t wait to get back to work and have someone do that up in Photoshop. I’ll look sooo Majestic! Then we’ll have to think of a costume for hubby. Something cheery, yet subservient. Court Jester! I love those shoes that curl up in the toes! I’ll pick up a pair on Broadway on the way home. It’s hubby’s birthday again – he’s under house arrest and trying to do time faster. He’ll be so surprised. What a fine day this is turning out to be. I need chocolates. Debbie! Where are my chocolates? Reply ↓ HopeLB March 17, 2017 at 9:58 pm Love you craazyboy. Reply ↓ stefan March 17, 2017 at 4:35 pm The first time I attended a Grateful Dead concert was at Manhattan Center in April 1971. I was 18. A year later I was in the Army, and a year after that I was a Chinese linguist in Det. N, 500th MI Group! OMG, loved Dark Star! Reply ↓ sleepy March 17, 2017 at 7:22 pm I hadn’t heard Dark Star in years. Forgot how much I liked it also. I too was fortunate enough to see the Grateful Dead/New Riders of the Purple Sage over 4th of July weekend in 1970 at the Fillmore East complete with Merry Pranksters shooting off roman candles. The show started at midnight and ended around sunrise. Going outside to then dirty and grungy Manhattan was a real downer. Harshed my mellow for sure! Reply ↓ footnote4 March 18, 2017 at 12:20 am I also saw the Grateful Dead and New Riders of the Purple Sage together around then. Coincidence? I think not! Reply ↓ skippy March 18, 2017 at 12:34 am Grateful Dead Concerts Made $52 Million, Set Record for Biggest Music PPV Event Ever http://www.billboard.com/articles/news/grateful-dead/6641779/grateful-dead-farewell-concerts-total-earnings disheveled… the GD made squllions marketing a alt life style they never embraced nor went to jail for….. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat March 18, 2017 at 1:03 am “Nor went to jail for….” No. Of course not. None of them were ever set up like a bowling pin, or knocked down… in a way that’s wearing thin. No members of the 27 club among them at all. It actually was different back then Skippy. Don’t “believe me”. Just Google it. The impetus behind many of the aged bitchers here is their memory of how different ‘It’ was 50 years ago. They honest-to-Gawd remember when famous guys went to jail same as the rest. Reply ↓ skippy March 18, 2017 at 2:00 am Giving acid out to the front row of Uni students as a marketing ploy was a triumph…. back in the day…. The GD were quite aware of what went down in the zoo parking lots and the results of such environments… crickets… disheveled…. ahh… the halcyon days when I did blood work…. so much money and life style… romanticism through a small window… that sometimes offers a desert rather than English country side…. which was really…. real…. Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 3:14 pm Amtrak video. Some wag mentioned it’s the Trump Train with Hillary supporters on the side. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 17, 2017 at 4:01 pm I think they should name the train The SS Clinton. hahahaha. Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 4:25 pm Haha. Yes, that works, too. Bernie supporters. Or, buzzing through Ohio. Reply ↓ Portia March 17, 2017 at 3:18 pm from Democracy Now https://www.democracynow.org/images/headlines/80/35680/quarter_hd/11McDoTweet.jpg Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 3:27 pm McDonald’s says their account was hacked. They’re investigating. https://twitter.com/McDonaldsCorp Reply ↓ Portia March 17, 2017 at 3:29 pm that’s the kind of hacking I enjoy Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 4:09 pm Meanwhile, employees are still looking around for their living wages and benefits. Reply ↓ Knot Galt March 17, 2017 at 4:29 pm Let me guess. It was a McHack attack. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 3:27 pm Poking North Korea worries me. Escalating involvement in Yemen worries me. Destroying EPA worries me. These are things Trump controls, and Congress will have little to say about. The spectacle of health care arguments and surveillance allegations dominate the news, but it will all seem petty in retrospect if there are nukes fired on the Korean Peninsula My gloom for the day Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 5:01 pm N. Korea will soon be a smoking pile of kimchi courtesy of Trump within the next 18 months–or before if they launch any long range ballistic missiles–so you’re dead on about your concern. This move will be the fire that purges all the problems Trump has amassed up until that point. Hate to say it, but N. Korea has it coming given the fact they are the most vile nation state on the planet. It’s a perfect marriage of need and necessity. Maybe China can make they them back down and give up their nukes, but I doubt it. Reply ↓ Darius March 17, 2017 at 6:03 pm My understanding is North Korea has thousands of artillery pieces aimed at Seoul and could destroy it at a moment’s notice. That would be a risk of an attack on North Korea. Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 7:57 pm [1] That’s correct about the artillery pieces trained on Seoul. Though God knows what state of repair they’re in after all these years. [2] It also would be par for the course for the Norkeans to have dug a tunnel deep and far enough under S. Korea that they could deliver one of their nuclear weapons along it by track or truck. No doubt this possibility has also occurred to somebody in S. Korea and the U.S., but whether the technology exists to detect such a tunnel and its location with sufficient accuracy and reliability I don’t know. [3] China has little control over Pyongyang, despite what many Westerners wish to believe. To the contrary: the Kim regime is a bigger headache for the Chinese than for us. [4] Still, it’s a big headache for all of us because if that part of the world goes up in mushroom clouds and fire, that’s the curtailment of our global technological civilization, as the majority of Planet Earth’s computer chip fabs and much other high-tech manufacturing capability is now located in S. Korea, Taiwan and South China. [5] It gets worse. The Kim regime essentially is aiming at nuclear compellence rather than simple deterrence. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny March 17, 2017 at 7:29 pm This is an unacceptable possibility. You should not wish for this. Look at a map. North Korea could destroy the entire Seoul metro area within hours of a military move against the Kim regime. I can’t believe that any South Korean government would support such a move, even if the Pentagon jarheads assured them that those anti missile defenses were foolproof. The response would be a US nuclear attack on all of North Korea. What do you think China would do? Fools rush in where wise men fear to tread… Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 8:20 pm Bugs Bunny wrote: ‘This is an unacceptable possibility. You should not wish for this’. Agreed to all of this. Also, I know of no anti-missile missile systems that has ever actually, you know, worked well enough that anybody with two brain cells to knock together would contemplate relying on it. The Patriots were 100 percent useless despite what you heard. The THAAD system looks cleverer, but I can see big holes in it and that multi-missile release by the Norkeans a fortnight ago was them sending the message that they do, too. And incidentally against a nation-state with modern nuclear weapons like China, Russia, and India no anti-missile system has a chance. A technologically modern state can MIRV its missiles — put Multiple Independently targetable Reentry Vehicles on a single missile. Nowadays, too, the Russians and the Indians have a range of impressive delivery technologies like nuclear cruise missiles, scramjets and ramjets Reply ↓ witters March 17, 2017 at 8:37 pm “N. Korea has it coming given the fact they are the most vile nation state on the planet. ” Really? Really? Or do you mean ‘on that tiny bit of the planet?’ I have a different candidate in mind, and for it “most vile nation state on the planet” fits. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 18, 2017 at 1:20 am +1. Have to agree, Sport Reply ↓ ABasLesAristocrates March 17, 2017 at 7:53 pm North Korea is unlikely to use a nuke. It would remove their only bargaining chip: the possibility that they might use a nuke. And it would avail them nothing. Their tenuous “friendship” with China would likely end, and the US/RoK would finally have the cover they need to end the Kim dynasty and reunite the peninsula by force. Anything’s possible in brinkmanship, but if they do it they lose everything, and despite Western propaganda that says otherwise they’re not stupid or crazy. Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 8:46 pm “It would remove their only bargaining chip: the possibility that they might use a nuke. And it would avail them nothing … they’re not stupid or crazy.” Agreed. (Or at least if Pyongyang is crazy, they’re crazy like a fox.) But think of it in these terms: if nuclear deterrence has a business model, how’s it work? Because a nuclear player has to do more than just acquire nukes. A transaction needs to happen.That is, that nuclear player has got to inject risk and uncertainty into the strategic calculus their adversary reckons with, so that adversary believes the player — Pyongyang in this case — would really use the things Thus, if you’re a smaller player with an inferior arsenal – which will still devastate a far more powerful adversary, given nuclear weapons’ vast destructiveness – the more you increase your enemy’s uncertainty about when you’ll use your nukes, the more deterrence you’ll gain. The catch is, while a smaller state wants maximum leverage from its weapons, it obviously doesn’t want to use them – it’ll get obliterated if it does. So how can it convincingly appear volatile and unpredictable? The answer is, the more risk it injects into its adversary’s strategic calculus the more leverage it gets, and the simplest way to do this is by keeping its nukes on hair-trigger, launch-on-warning status. Pakistan already does this. Now think of how many accidents we and the Russians have had (and whatever you’ve heard, the reality was worse) with our far superior failsafe procedures and technology. And consider that when a state is running its nuclear strategy on hair-trigger, launch-on-warning status that state is essentially running a fail-deadly nuclear strategy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fail-deadly Then consider that Pyongyang has backward, cheesy detection and early-warning techologies Are you feeling better? Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 10:28 pm Tillerson has set out a very simple track for negotiations that completely eliminates second guessing. Either give up all your nukes or be annihilated. Their numerous threats and their successful ballistic missile tests are the nails in their coffin. Will an overwhelming attack on Kim mitigate damage to South Korea? It’s N. Korea’s only real way to launch a counter attack. Beefing up any and all defense systems for the protection of South Korea is an imperative. Speculation about how N. Korea will take its place among the nuclear powers is now over. South Koreans, who have seen many similar situations in the past come to nothing, need to know this time it is not a drill. They need to take the necessary precautions for themselves and their families. Reply ↓ RMO March 17, 2017 at 11:09 pm It should be noted that North Korea only dropped out of the NPT and started full development of their own nuclear weapons after the U.S. refused to fulfill it’s part of the agreement both nations had entered into (apparently because the U.S. thought the North Korean regime would collapse) and after the Iraq debacle where a nation with no nuclear weapons program was attacked on false pretenses. I’m sure it occurred to a lot of nations that if Iraq actually HAD any nuclear weapons they would almost certainly not have been invaded. That event sure gave any nation not on the U.S.A.’s BFF list reason to consider getting their own nuclear arsenal regardless of any international opprobrium. Reply ↓ neo-realist March 17, 2017 at 3:46 pm News of the post Obama Administration cash out–A workplace comedy film set in the Obama White House. http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/obama-white-house-workplace-comedy-development-987039 Reply ↓ bob March 17, 2017 at 3:51 pm Infrastructure- Kai Ryssdal‏Verified account @kairyssdal Mar 16 People: please please please stop saying the WH wants to spend $1T on infrastructure. It’s $150bn in tax credits. Not at all the same thing. Saw that on twitter. Very, very true. This has been true for a while, and is becoming policy. All bonding authority is to be used to make wealthy people more wealthy, with projects that they support and control. It has NOTHING to do with what used to be called infrastructure. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 4:32 pm The other popular con often matched to “infrastructure” proposals is the “repatriation” of corporate profits Popular tax giveaway Are there any unpopular tax giveaways? I swear, the only thing that holds them back are the crazed deficit hawks Strange world, Capitol Hill Reply ↓ BrianC March 17, 2017 at 4:04 pm Clearing Snow – The Going to the Sun Highway in Glacier National Park has the “Big Drift”: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Drift I seem to remember as a kid that this would get to 120 to 130 feet. But the wiki article says only 80 feet. They used to survey the route with rod and transit and then start the cut. I remember one year they were a lane off when they got down to the road. For awhile it was one way only. The road over the divide was completed in 1932, and Roosevelt came to the park to dedicate it in 1933. (If I remember correctly.) Back when this country *did* infrastructure… Reply ↓ Carolinian March 17, 2017 at 7:20 pm Cool info. That highway is the one used in the opening shots of Kubrick’s The Shining. Supposedly the daylight exteriors are the lodge at the base of Mt. Hood and the rest is studio. Reply ↓ Paid Minion March 17, 2017 at 4:27 pm “Several times a week” Going into the office for a half hour to use the fiber-optic connection to watch Youtube vids at 9:00am, then again at 4:30 could be interpreted as “several times a week”. You might as well stick a fork in them, if Democrats persist in this “Chelsea is the Future” plan. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 5:17 pm The entrenched will never change. We need primary challengers. Need new people. Need more than that, but primary challengers are a necessary first step. I cannot imagine recruitment will be easy. Need tough, dedicated people with common sense. Those kind of people will most likely be drawn to other life choices. Battling the Borg is a tough row to hoe. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 17, 2017 at 5:30 pm Never accomplished anything, husband failed at his Greece-speculating hedge fund (must be a brilliant guy), kowtows to people with more wealth and power than her & looks down on those who don’t,never had a real job, “tried to care about money but just couldn’t”. Sounds like the modern Democratic party to me. They’d rather be Clintonite Third Way scum and lose. Where’s Henry Wallace when you really need him… Reply ↓ kgw March 17, 2017 at 4:50 pm “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female… Hahaa! We’re f****d! Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 5:14 pm “They (governors) said the bill “does not meet” goals set out by President Donald Trump about state flexibility and making sure people are covered” “State flexibility” means one thing and thing only to Trump and Ryan and it has nothing to do with more coverage. To them it means states will get a fixed amount of medicaid money and they will have the flexibility to drop or deny coverage accordingly if they don’t want to use their own money. Trump gets to blame the states for denial of of his beautiful insurance. Reply ↓ Jen March 17, 2017 at 6:52 pm And then they’ll say “we’re not going to spend it on programs that cannot show that they actually deliver the promises that we’ve made to people.” See WaPo link above about meals on wheels. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 5:18 pm RE: 2018 Cook Political “Some moderates and establishment-oriented Democrats are concerned that Democrats will nominate a lot of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren devotees, not just in relatively liberal jurisdictions but also in constituencies that would prefer less ideological candidates…” There it is again. The establishment and radical “center” promoting the concept that they have no ideology or that somehow their ideology is less intrusive than others. It’s why term “neoliberal” has really started to eat at them. They want people to believe “TINA” and anything else is some kind of wild idea. Also, Sanders and Warren aren’t radical. They are painted that way by a radical and violent establishment. Still waiting on Sanders to write the single payer plan he spoke about (although there is one out there already written). I don’t even hear Warren coming out full force for single payer. It brings me back to Corey Robin’s post from yesterday on the site: http://coreyrobin.com/2017/03/14/the-real-parallel-between-hitler-and-trump/ “The genius of the American system is how the Invisible Hand works to produce systemic vice rather than incidental virtue.” Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 17, 2017 at 5:35 pm Bernie is a 1950s New Deal democrat, and not particularly leftist for that time period. Liz is a 1950s North Eastern Moderate Republican. Overton Window pulled rightward for 70 years. As far as I can tell “The Modern Democratic Party” ™ exists to make sure we *never, ever* use government to help people who actually need it. Russians hacked the election for Trump, eh? What about the idea that in the 1980s Republicans hacked the Democrats and assimilated them like the Borg from Star Trek? “TINA” is just another way to say “Resistance Is Futile…” Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm I understand what you mean, and I agree. But there is certain numb belief in their own bulls*t among the bluedogs. I think the big picture was caving into racism in the early 80s. Resentment was directed toward “welfare queens” and so some Dems distanced themselves by saying they were in favor of a third way — not entlements. Similarly, blue Dogs insisted they were big military supporters, not pacifists like hippie Dems. Both reacting to what Blue Dogs viewed as negative reputations coming out of 1960s. Often trying to hold onto seats in south or border states. Then they marinated in corporate money and the delusions of grandeur that came along with the bubble of the 1990s. A mess a long time in the making. But what you see on Capitol Hill are a lot of Dem staff who pride themselves on having little concern about policy. For 15 years, at least, it has been like that. Instead they pride themselves on reading political tea leaves, and riding along with the most conventional approach to avoid political mistakes that could cost a seat. Sad, but true. Reply ↓ fosforos March 17, 2017 at 5:49 pm Doesn’t any single-payer (improved-medicare-for-all) bill involve spending and raising a lot of money, and doesn’t the constitution require all such bills to originate in the House? So why would anybody wonder why Senator Sanders doesn’t introduce such a bill? Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 10:10 pm He introduced a single payer bill (915 or 916) to the Senate a few years ago. The musings recently probably have to do with revisions yet to be seen? And of course they are usually co-sponsored and have to go through the house first. But then I read about how the Dems have him out shilling for the ACA and I face palm. You could chalk it up to him not wanting things to get worse before they get better, but then you look at the party he’s attached himself to in the Beltway and the pessimism sets in. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 5:36 pm How The Tooth Fairy Helps Explain The Rising Cost Of Parenting [NPR] (audio available later this evening) Upper-class economists raise consciousness over how much they’re paying their kids for their teeth. Hilarity ensues. Or not. If you want to know why some couldn’t care less whether NPR is defunded, you can start here. Kill it with fire. Reply ↓ Ken Lieb March 17, 2017 at 5:46 pm ” If you look at the polls, and if you listen to the voters, including Trump voters — as Sanders is doing in Town Halls right now — you’ll see that people are, well, dying for Medicare for All.” Sorry, can’t buy that, as much as I would like. In Colorado, where I reside, a state that went solidly for Clinton, a “medicare for all” initiative was on the November 2016 ballot. It lost 80/20. That’s 4 to 1 in a solidly blue state. Whatever the merits of Medicare for all, it is a long long way from being politically feasible. Reply ↓ AnnieB March 17, 2017 at 6:19 pm Many of us in Colorado voted against the single payer initiative because it didn’t make clear how it would affect Medicare recipients. It was also unclear how the new bureaucracy would be set up and who would be in charge of making decisions. So there was still a lot of work to be done on the initiative before people could feel comfortable voting for it. A little Colorado history may help explain the reticence. We have the Tabor Amendment of 1992 (tax payer bill of rights) which severely restrains the state’s ability to tax and spend without a ballot vote. This has turned out to be a real problem for schools. Anyway, some citizens feel burned by Tabor and are skeptical about radical new ballot measures that don’t answer important questions. But there are plenty of citizens who still support it and don’t want government to do anything. Reply ↓ dcrane March 17, 2017 at 11:56 pm Can’t speak for Colorado, but to me it seems quite different to vote for a unified national scheme than to vote to have your own (small) state try to do it on its own. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick March 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm If you need a dose of humor today, go look at the wailing and gnashing of teeth on the NYT’s GCHQ allegations article’s comment page. The humor comes at a price, though: none of these commenters have apparently read anything about Snowden’s PRISM leaks. Even a quick peek at Wikipedia would show them that GCHQ shares intercepted communications with US intelligence agencies. Reply ↓ bob March 17, 2017 at 6:00 pm ” In states where recreational use is already legal, 27% of beer drinkers claim they have already substituted (or would substitute if it were legal to do so where they live) cannabis for beer”” That’s why NYS will never allow it. The booze/beer industry in NYS is owned by the mob (or, rather, the mob became the Upstanding Industry), and the mob owns a lot of the booze industry outside of NYS. Just like with finance, NYS/NYC dictate policy. Reply ↓ human March 18, 2017 at 12:59 pm Oh, I don’t know. I seem to remember (?) that I always drank more beer when stoned. Maybe it was just the environment, one leading to the other? Either way, listening to the Dead usually brought on more of both … with additional refreshment and stimulus … Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive March 17, 2017 at 6:05 pm Love that train video. A metaphor for today’s world? A train coming into station, about a foot of snow on the tracks….hmmmm… It’s what happens when you put your brain on hold…… Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 17, 2017 at 6:53 pm More than a foot. The snow was a foot or so above the platform level & the rails 1 or 2 feet below => 2-3 feet. Also: Those on the platform were very slow to start moving. Looking at the clock on the video stream it seemed they had 5-6 seconds before the snow wave hit them & they just stood there like dummies. Reply ↓ Randy March 17, 2017 at 10:34 pm The three in the foreground were entranced by their smartphones and some of the people further back were made oblivious to their surroundings by smartphone use also. It never ceases to amaze me that people can be so hypnotized by a damn phone that they are totally unaware of what is happening around them. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles March 17, 2017 at 6:34 pm “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female…” So now THEY’RE going to support US. I like it. (yes, sarc – to a degree.) Only there’s a fly in the ointment: (from the article) “Women have strong mate preferences such that they do not want to mate or marry men who are less educated, less intelligent, and less successful than they are.” How very traditional of them. IOW, there are aspects of the formerly male role they refuse to undertake. Not only is this unfair, it creates a lot of personal misery as women move into higher-paying echelons and are, on average, more successful than their male peers (which is the point of the stats in the article). There was an article about this on Alternet years ago, based on interviews. It confirmed the professor’s quote – and showed that the new situation, devoutly to be wished though it is, is confusing and frustrating to the young people, of both sexes, involved in it. Assuming that it isn’t biological, I blame the Women’s Movement (and yes, I was an intense observer). Aside from the losses and deterioration by men, the present situation was intended. It was the goal, so completely foreseeable. Yet there seems to have been no effort, certainly that I saw, to educate people, and especially women, about what was coming and how they would have to change. We can’t be sure that would have made a difference, but it was certainly a huge oversight. Anyway, your hopes for a nice career as a boytoy are probably forlorn. Reply ↓ Yves Smith March 17, 2017 at 6:56 pm Women’s expectations for gender role changes with respect to relationships are way ahead of men’s. Reply ↓ Massinissa March 17, 2017 at 8:41 pm I’m not really sure I understand what this means. Could you please clarify or explain? I’m not doubting you, I just don’t entirely understand what you mean by this. Reply ↓ witters March 17, 2017 at 8:44 pm ‘Way ahead’ on the objective measure of human progress? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles March 18, 2017 at 12:32 am Which changes and which expectations? Is the professor wrong? As far as I can tell, partly from my son’s experience but also from published sources, including here, courtship norms have changed shockingly little – if anything, they’ve backslid since the 80s. At the same time, women’s role in the workplace has changed dramatically (even if there’s still a long way to go), and to some extent marriage has had to change to accommodate that. Like Massinissa, I’d love to know what you mean by this. Reply ↓ Yves Smith March 18, 2017 at 5:20 am I’m shocked you guys need to have this explained. I’m old enough to have been a half generation into the period when women had a decent shot at real careers, meaning not being the spinster aunt that taught school (although in fairness, teachers also had better relative pay and social status back then, but with some very limited exceptions, that was about as far as women could get, career-wise). Until the mid-late 1960s, college educated women who had the same educational chops as men could be hired only as secretaries or if they had professional degrees, into feminized areas, like matrimonial or family law. The first class at HBS that took women was the class of 1965. Let us put it another way: when I graduated from HBS, the grandmother of one of my college friends had run a retailing business in the 1930s after her husband died (she would travel by herself to the North to buy for the stores, which was unheard of then), meaning she was a remarkably independent woman for her era. Her daughter, who had both a college and graduate degree and a substantial inheritance, still clearly chafed at the way she was expected to serve her husband (and mind you, the daughter often traveled on her own, kept her assets separate and thus didn’t have to account to her husband for her clothes shopping and other personal expenditures, and was an A level donor in Los Angeles, meaning she was very active in the community). The grandmother, when she heard about my starting salary at Goldman, immediately said, “Isn’t that wonderful. She won’t have to get married.” Men do not understand that marriage is an institution designed for men. Women are expected to stoke male egos and do more housework then men, and that’s on top of bearing most if not all of the childrearing duties if there are kids. And despite everyone getting sentimental about children, actually raising the isn’t a great job. Why do you think generations of aristocrats handed that off to wet nurses and nannies? Why do you think women who have professional careers generally try to go back to work even when after paying for the child support it is not a net plus budget-wise (I know MANY women in NYC for whom this is the case, they’ve said as much to me when I haven’t even asked)? Even a friend who really relished raising her kids (she’d majored in behavioral psych and also particularly good at finding things to do that were stimulating for her and her kids) managed to work out a great largely at home research gig where she still had lots of interaction with grown-ups on the phone. It’s clear to me at a distance that she wasn’t doing this mainly for the money, that she really needed more adult company than she would have as a full time mom. The early feminist literature is heavily about the alienation of being a full time mother/housewife, that women increasingly felt it was an insufficient outlet for their energies and hopes, that they were trapped. Women were understood to be subordinate to men in marriage because they were economically dependent. Yes, the movies of the 1930s through the 1950s showed that it was often way more complicated than that, women were regularly able to manipulate men and men even understood that and played along. Only the very wealthy would/could get divorced. Getting divorced was socially stigmatizing to women, much more so than to men plus women used to get terrible settlements. I know someone whose mother was divorced in 1968. He and his two siblings lived on the edge of poverty, and from the age of six he had to keep his mother from committing suicide. His father, who made millions a year, remarried twice. So women getting reproductive control and access to jobs meant they didn’t have to get married and could thus be fussier about who they married and the terms of the marriage. The fact that far more divorces are initiated by women than men is a proof of that. Women expect more equal treatment, however you define that, and not all men are on board. You see this in an extreme way in Japan, where gender roles are particularly unequal. “Parasite single” women are refusing to marry at all and continue to live with their parents, basically on a permanent basis. Reply ↓ PH March 18, 2017 at 10:38 am Read Sisters of Fortune, about the Caton sisters circa 1815 to 1845. I think you might enjoy it. One of the sisters became an accomplished bond trader in London. Remained unmarried for a lot of the time. Their dad was political farmer during the revolution, and a leader in Maryland. The women gravitated toward Dolly Madison. Still, a bit stifled in US. After war of 1812 concluded, suddenly had opportunity to go to London. American women were novelty at court, and they had charisma, and two never left. Interesting book. Might interest you especially because in that period government bonds were the main security traded, and inside information at court was considered valuable and normal. Rothschild empire was built upon it. But never easy. Rothchilds often felt under stress, from what I’ve read, trying to keep informed, and to anticipate market directions. I am sure the periodic market crashes contributed to that. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 6:53 pm Glad you linked back to the 2012 write up on “The Obama Enablers Lie.” Something as basic as all of us remembering makes a big difference when trying to wade through so much political spin. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 7:01 pm Trump administration rolls back protections for people in default on student loans [WaPo] Days after a report on federal student loans revealed a double-digit rise in defaults, President Trump’s administration revoked federal guidance Thursday that barred student debt collectors from charging high fees on past-due loans. The Education Department is ordering guarantee agencies that collect on defaulted debt to disregard a memo former President Barack Obama’s administration issued on the old bank-based federal lending program, known as the Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) Program. That memo forbid the agencies from charging fees for up to 16 percent of the principal and accrued interest owed on the loans, if the borrower entered the government’s loan rehabilitation program within 60 days of default. … he action does not affect any borrowers whose loans are held by the Education Department, according to the department. It could, however, impact nearly 7 million people with $162 billion in FFEL loans held by guarantee agencies. … Fortunately, there are no WWC borrowers among them, amirite? Reply ↓ freedeomny March 17, 2017 at 7:08 pm Donna B finally admits to giving ?s to HC prior to the debate…. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2617742/ Reply ↓ sd March 18, 2017 at 2:42 am That she actually thought Clinton was too stupid to answer a question without help is really quite telling. Clinton must be dumb as a post. Any half intelligent person would see it as an insult. Reply ↓ dontknowitall March 17, 2017 at 7:13 pm British press (Telegraph and BBC) are reporting the White House press secretary is apologizing to GCHQ accusing them of tapping Trump for Obama…considering the recent resignation of the GCHQ chief ‘to spend time with his family’ and the fact the White House has never admitted the Brits spy on American cables to allow NSA to bypass protections this sounds more like they are protecting plausible deniability and useful presidential tools than about Trump tapping…the GCHQ chief fell on his sword and all is forgiven now. Reply ↓ ABasLesAristocrates March 17, 2017 at 8:06 pm Adjunct professor, huh? So even a Clinton can’t get a tenure-track position anymore. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 8:10 pm Betsy DeVos’s Hiring of For-Profit College Official Raises Impartiality Issues [NYT] As chief compliance officer for a corporate owner of for-profit colleges, Robert S. Eitel spent the past 18 months as a legal point man for a company facing multiple government investigations, including one that ended with a settlement of more than $30 million over deceptive student lending. [Sounds legit.] Today, Mr. Eitel — on an unpaid leave of absence — is working as a special assistant to the new secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, whose department is setting out to roll back regulations governing the for-profit college sector. … Bridgepoint — a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies [Who? What?], enrolls roughly 50,000 students, and primarily offers online degrees — has come under frequent scrutiny by federal and state watchdogs. … Definitely a win-win for the back row kids. At what point do the Trumpbots admit that either they’ve been scammed or that they’re scambots? Reply ↓ knowbuddhau March 17, 2017 at 9:41 pm About the same time Clintonbots and Obamabots do likewise. Got it penciled in for 2/30/20ohnevermind. Snark aside, I think the people who made a rational choice could turn on him. But I expect those who made a gut choice to go to their graves defending it/him. Saviors can’t fail. They can only be failed. #Sameasiteverwas. Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 17, 2017 at 9:08 pm Interesting development that doesn’t seem to have been covered by US news organizations: “UN official resigns over Israel apartheid report” UN Secretary General demands that a report accusing Israel of “imposing an apartheid regime on Palestinians” be withdrawn by the head of the UN agency that wrote it, and the agency head resigned instead. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 10:16 pm Re: Cottom..Inside Higher Ed Love the way she lays that out in layman’s terms. She explains the economics of credentialism in ways that any high schooler should understand and MUST understand. It’s the last article. Check it out. Reply ↓ homeroid March 17, 2017 at 11:15 pm Thanks fer the tunes Lambert. My copy is in a box in the storage loft-and it is a cassette. I got plenty Dicks picks though.;} Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments gsinbe on Links 3/23/17Does anyone else think the $25K in student... toshiro_mifune on Links 3/23/17Children understand far more about other minds than... inhibi on Links 3/23/17Disgusting. The new normal where you own nothing,... lyman alpha blob on Links 3/23/17I quit smoking at about the same time... financial matters on Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients?Yes, most hospitals, physician groups wouldn't be able... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,635) Brexit (45) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,621) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,454) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,402) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,425) Health care (386) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (943) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (494) Investment outlook (849) Japan (204) Legal (1,874) Links (3,031) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (228) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (286) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,997) Private equity (508) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,566) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,009) Social values (1,782) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,328) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (637) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Jobs Board Community Calendar Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Business JCPenney to close four stores in California, one in Orange March 18th, 2017 shelley Business 0 comments JCPenney to close four stores in California. Only one of those is in Orange County — the location at the The Village at Orange in the City of Orange. After earlier announcing that the company planned to close under-performing stores nationwide, JCPenney just released its list of exactly which locations it would close. Among those to be shuttered were four stores in California, one in the City of Orange. The four California stores: Mall/Shopping Center City Downtown Bishop Bishop Sunwest Plaza Lodi The Village at Orange Orange Hilltop Mall Richmond JCPenney is a major anchor for The Village at Orange, along with Sears and Walmart. Other large retailers include Ross Dress For Less, HomeGoods, Ulta, Sprouts, and Cost Plus World Market. Statement from company The company released the following statement along with the list: As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J. C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park, Calif., to align the Company’s physical store footprint and omnichannel network. Approximately 5,000 positions nationwide will be impacted by the store closures, most of which will occur in June. JCPenney is in the process of identifying relocation opportunities within the Company for esteemed leaders. Additionally, JCPenney will provide outplacement support services for those eligible associates who will be leaving the Company. Most affected stores will begin the liquidation process on April 17. Tags business California JCPenney Orange County CA Southern California The Village at Orange Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts Presents Dance to the Movies Previous article Janet Nguyen appointed to committees on improving opportunities for Asian Pacific Islanders, women in the workplace shelley Shelley Henderson is a reformed computer and networking geek turned freelance writer. Now she only fixes her own networks and computers. That leaves time for writing, and writing and more writing. And editing the Orange County Breeze. Shelley most enjoys visiting and finding out about local businesses to write business profiles that allow our communities to learn more about their local businesses and the people who own and run them. If you own or manage a business in our coverage area and would like to invite Shelley to write a business profile, let us know. Related Posts Business March 21st, 2017 Gary Hopkins of Fisher House to address April Los Al Chamber Breakfast Business March 18th, 2017 Long Beach Airport to host SpaceX Dragon on trip back to Houston Business March 17th, 2017 Job fair seeks to help employers fill openings in Orange County Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Try Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading ModCloth Confirms Walmart Sale ModCloth Confirms Walmart Sale & Faces Customer Concerns Christopher Luu Photo: ModCloth/Shutterstock/REX. Last week, ModCloth announced a major change. For the last 15 years, ModCloth has worked as an independent company, growing from a dorm room to a huge fashion label that has three offices and hundreds of employees. But that's about to change. News came that ModCloth would join Jet.com and the Walmart family of companies. Fans of the brand, which was one of the first to proclaim Photoshop-free campaigns and truly offer up a full size range, took the announcement with mixed feelings. "I am excited to announce that we are joining the Jet.com and Walmart family. This will give us the necessary resources and support that we need as a business to grow. Growth allows us to reach more women, grow our community, and amplify our message," ModCloth cofounder Susan Gregg Koger wrote on the brand's blog. "Our mission to help our customers feel like the best version of themselves continues. And our commitment to inclusivity continues. Our amazing team continues. And we can open more stores — in your hometown! I hope you will continue to join us as well on this next phase of our journey together." Advertisement Koger's blog post met with both messages of support and a fair share of criticism. While many women were glad to hear that the brand would be expanding its brick-and-mortar presence (ModCloth currently has a single permanent store in Austin, TX, and has had pop-up shops, too.), others questioned the company's alignment with Walmart, a company that seems to stand in stark contrast to ModCloth. "Walmart hurts local communities, has a terrible track record for human rights violation in its supply chain, actively restricts the right to unionize, stands against the rights of women, and refuses to provide basic healthcare for its employees," one commenter wrote. "As such, I will no longer be a customer of ModCloth." "Walmart doesn’t respect their workers or respect women. You’ve sold out to one of the worst companies in the world. They don’t pay a living wage, a huge percentage of their workers are on food stamps, and they hold holiday food drives so their employees can feed their families at Thanksgiving and Christmas. They’ve been sued for gender discrimination. They refuse to stop using sweatshops in other countries," another added. "This is a major disappointment. I’m done shopping with you." Not all of the comments were negative, however. Several customers expressed excitement over the news. "I am thrilled that we will be able to purchase her products locally- BRAVO and thank you!" wrote one. "Wal-Mart obviously understands how to grow a business and has a far reaching market. I am sure you made the right choice and I have confidence that you will still uphold your views and values within this new venture," wrote another. Advertisement Koger's blog post promises that the next chapter of ModCloth would continue her mission of complete inclusivity. She adds that the only constant in business is change — and that sometimes, change can come with strong feelings. She adds that the new partnership would allow ModCloth to reach even more women, not only by offering up more clothes to more people, but by amplifying its message of positivity and community. ModCloth and Koger haven't responded to criticism citing Walmart's history and controversy with supply chains and discrimination or offered up any additional details on how the new developments would affect ModCloth's day-to-day operations. Fashion • News • Sales • Shopping • What To Buy Now Photo: ModCloth/Shutterstock/REX. Shop your inbox! By using our service, you agree to our Terms and Privacy PolicySign Upyay! get ready for the good stuff! More from Shopping A Dozen Plus-Size Prom Dresses Made For A Night To Remember Fashion Ray Lowe 4 hours ago This Blogger Summed Up The Problem With Swimsuit Sizing In One Instagram Fashion Ana Colon 6 hours ago This Is A Gamechanger If Your Bag Always Turns Into A Black Hole Fashion Alyssa Coscarelli 10 hours ago You Can Now Get Trump-Inspired "Nasty Woman" Bags Shopping Suzannah Weiss Oct 21, 2016 5 Necklace Trends That'll Be Everywhere This Year Shopping Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 22, 2017 15 Jumpsuits Perfect For Wearing Anywhere & Everywhere Shopping Ray Lowe Mar 21, 2017 20+ Fresh Brands To Add To Your Closet This Year Shopping Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 Wearing These Colors Will Get You Noticed Paid Content Alison Ives Mar 9, 2017 This Is Basically Your Last Chance To Shop American Apparel, Ever Fashion Ray Lowe Mar 21, 2017 15 Fresh Essentials That'll Put A Spring In Your (Workout) Step Fashion Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 This Suitcase Has A 3,000-Person Wait List The Sell Out Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 Amazon Can Now Function As Your Stylist, Should You Need One Fashion Ana Colon Mar 21, 2017 Win A Shopping Spree You Can Feel Good About Shopping Refinery29 Mar 21, 2017 Proof That You Can Do Festival Fashion Without The Fringe Fashion Ana Colon Mar 21, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 08 11 AM IST Developing countries ahead in online retail The under-developed physical retail infrastructure in emerging markets is proving to be an advantage for e-commerce Subscribe to our newsletter. R. Sreeram E-commerce penetration in several emerging markets has already exceeded developed countries. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint The rapid adoption of online retail and digital payments is making developing markets internet trendsetters, says AllianceBernstein LP, a global asset management firm, in a blog. E-commerce penetration in several emerging markets has already exceeded developed countries and the rapid adoption of online retail is making more developed market firms pay closer attention to innovations in emerging markets, say Laurent Saltiel and Naveen Jayasundaram in the blog. Click here for enlarge The under-developed physical retail infrastructure in emerging markets is proving to be an advantage for e-commerce. The authors cite India as an example where a large part of the retail sector is still unorganized and how it is helping e-commerce firms drive online retail usage. “Offline retailers never established the kind of footprint and consumer behaviour that Wal-Mart Stores or Carrefour have in their respective home markets. As a result, online retail penetration in India is already ahead of Italy and will soon exceed that of Singapore, a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world,” Saltiel and Jayasundaram note. Emerging markets such as China are also leading in online payments. While the changing landscape provides investment opportunities, the authors warn these high-growth markets are fraught with risks citing the story of local online retailer Flipkart. “Flipkart was founded in 2007, six years before Amazon.com entered the market. Amazon.com had learned its lessons from missteps in China, and made a much more aggressive launch in India by investing $5 billion over three years, building a strong local team and providing same-day delivery to 100 Indian cities. Flipkart’s efforts to fend off the threat faltered, and the company has lost market share, while its valuation plummeted,” the authors add. R. Sreeram Topics: e-commerce online retail emerging markets India China More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying First Published: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 08 04 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows India’s current account deficit widens to $7.9 billion in Oct-Dec quarter: RBI Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article The Future of Virtual Reality: 5 Things to Know VR has been getting a lot of attention recently Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 6 Strategies for Paying Off Mortgage Loans Early Paying off sooner saves you money in the long run My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg March 19, 2017, 08:48:00 PM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 2-Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg 
(Adds grocery industry background in graphs 5-8)
    By Lawrence Delevingne and Lauren HirschNEW YORK, March 19 (Reuters) - Grocery business Albertsons
Cos held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market
Inc <SFM.O>, Bloomberg reported on Sunday, citing people
familiar with the situation.
    Bloomberg said the early stage discussions took place in
recent weeks and involved a plan to take Sprouts private. Doing
so would add the natural and organic foods-focused business to
the Albertsons suite of supermarket brands, which includes
Safeway, Vons and Shaw's.
    Albertsons is backed by private equity firm Cerberus Capital
Management. Representatives for Albertsons and Sprouts did not
immediately respond to requests for comment, while a spokeswoman
for Cerberus declined to comment.
    Shares of Sprouts spiked to a four-month high on Thursday
and Friday amid a surge in stock options trading. [nL2N1GU1SG]

    SUPERMARKET CONSOLIDATION
    An acquisition of Sprouts would underscore the consolidation
sweeping the U.S. grocery industry, as regional chains struggle
to compete against online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc
<AMZN.O>, big box stores such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>,
and discount chains such as ALDI Inc. [nL1N1DU2E5]
    Albertsons is one of the two most active industry acquirers
along with The Kroger Co. <KR.N>. A planned initial public
offering for Albertsons' has been delayed since October 2015. At
the same time, Krogers stock is up more than 140 percent over
the last five years despite falling 23 percent over the previous
12 months.
    Sprouts is among the niche retailers such as Fresh Market
Inc and Whole Foods Market Inc <WFM.O> facing pressure from
Albertsons and Kroger, who now sell some of the same specialty
and organic products at lower prices.
    Fresh Market was acquired by another private equity firm,
Apollo Global Management LLC <APO.N>, for about $1.36 billion in
cash in 2016.

 (Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne and Lauren Hirsch; Editing by
Peter Cooney and Alistair Bell)
 ((Lawrence.Delevingne@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646-223-5362;
Reuters Messaging: lawrence.delevingne.reuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: ALBERTSONS COS SPROUTS/ (UPDATE 2)
 This article appears in: Stocks , Stocks , Technology , World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AMZN , APO , KR , SFM , WFM More from Reuters Subscribe Wal-Mart's Vudu Launches Mobile Disc-to-Digital Service Sears (SHLD) Stock Plummets 12% After SEC Filing Clouds Future Housing Gets Pricey, Trumpland Gets Dicey Related stocks Articles Subscribe Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (GCAP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM See headlines for AMZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Apple Updates IPad; Introduces IPhone 7 & IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Altice NV : Altice acquires Teads, the No. 1 online video advertising Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg Amgen: Low LDL Levels With Repatha Did Not Affect Cognitive Function Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Sinking Despite Study Results Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq: OMNT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing... EXCLUSIVE-Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April... How Nike (NKE), Under Armour (UA), Adidas Are Battling In NCAA... What Happened in the Stock Market Today Cintas Says All Regulatory Consents For G&K Services Acquisition... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AMZN 84% Rate It APO 75% Rate It KR 82% Rate It SFM 80% Rate It WFM 79% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ex-Congressman Stockman accused of stealing $775,000 from Reward offered in Houston Galleria burglary that netted $190,000 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over 2012 Univ. of Houston students to throw funeral for beloved squirrel US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi First day of spring means free cones at DQ Secret service members under scrutiny for allegedly taking The cost of America's increasingly expensive military fighter Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets on cusp of fitting milestone Houston HS baseball/softball primer: March 24 TSU baseball following familiar road to success What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Gulf States Toyota founder Thomas Friedkin dies Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Overheard at the rodeo, round two Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his 'Wonder Woman' just gave birth to a girl Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The best small town food festivals across Texas Conversation turns controversial at UH's record-breaking Table New York Times touts Texas' major hotel boom Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/It-s-not-Tour-de-France-but-cyclists-say-11013186.php Tour de Houston gives cyclists the chance to help city take root Thousands of casual, 'hard-core' riders pedal for planting of trees By L.M. Sixel Updated 8:39 pm, Sunday, March 19, 2017 Sandra Tezino is training for the Boston Marathon next month, so she ran 20 miles on Saturday. Then she matched that distance on Sunday cycling in the Tour de Houston. The ride, the second time the 49-year-old Tezino has participated in the 12th annual city-sponsored event, was a training opportunity as well as a chance to pedal through some of the more scenic neighborhoods of Houston. The 20-mile course through River Oaks and West University took about 90 minutes, she said, and she hit speeds up to 21  mph. "It's a wonderful ride," said Tezino, who waited at the finish line for her daughter to complete a 44-mile trek. Tezino was one of about 4,000 riders who participated this year in the event that raises money to plant trees in Houston parks. The bikers had a choice of three different courses: 20, 44 or 61 miles. The starts were staggered in front of City Hall beginning at 7:30 a.m., then the routes brought bikers back to City Hall to a return welcome from Houston Christian radio disc jockey "Johnny B." "Way to go, guys," he shouted, as riders crossed the finish line. Some of them took the opportunity to take their hands off handlebars to pump their fists into the air. Others rode side-by-side, holding hands. Serious fun Like many riders, Tezino was decked out in form-fitting cycling gear. Her mint green "Felt" brand bike cost $1,600. But there were plenty of leisurely riders who completed the route in fat-tire beach cruisers. Some had children strapped into seats. Among the more leisurely cyclists were four couples from Cypress. Neighbors and in their late 50s, they used to jog together, but as that became more difficult, they decided to "put wheels on it," said Lesa Azra, 58. Now they go biking once a month. Next month, they're headed to Waller County for a bluebonnet ride. The wives and two of the husbands did the 20-mile route. The other two husbands did the 44-mile trek. Azra said they like organized events like Tour de Houston because they provide protection from traffic and support to cyclists. Sag wagons traveled along the route in case riders got too tired to go on. Medics were on hand in case riders took a tumble. Rest stops were stocked with fruit, granola bars and kale chips for instant energy. And at the end of the ride, sponsors handed out sandwiches, energy bars, sodas and beer. Other riders were hoping that sponsored events like Tour de Houston will encourage more biking and, in turn, more dedicated bike trails and bike lanes. Alvin Carter, 55, said there are no biking trails where he lives in Spring. It's too dangerous to go out on the roads to ride, said Carter, who did the 20-mile trek in the Tour de Houston on a bike he bought from Walmart. It was the first time for Carter to participate in the Tour de Houston, although he has participated in other organized rides. "I'm a daredevil," said Carter. "I can take some chances." Aardvarks on wheels Many of the riders Sunday were part of a team. Some sported corporate logos of energy companies, banks and grocery stores. Others favored their local mascot. It wasn't difficult to spot the group with tight-fitting jerseys sporting neon yellow aardvarks. Initially, the 20 or so members were known as the "Aardvarks," but the group is so hard-core - members typically ride a dozen or more miles each way just to get to the starting line of cycling events - that they decided to add an "H" to the name. Now the group, whose members range in age from their 20s to their 60s, call themselves the "Haardvarks." "We go pretty fast," said Yobi Guzman, 29. He rode the 61-mile trek, he said, but if he added the 15 or so miles each way from Hobby Airport where he started, it's more like 90 miles. Not everyone was aiming to break a record. Carl Roecker came to Spandex late in life. The 72-year old wasn't a biker until about six years ago, when he had a flash of insight while waiting to pick up his girlfriend and her sister from the MS 150 in Austin, a two-day ride from Houston to Austin that raises funds for multiple sclerosis. "I've got to do that," he decided, recalling that magical moment he decided to put on some biking gear and try it out himself. Now he trains regularly and will be participating in his fourth MS 150 this spring. On Sunday, Roecker rode the 61-mile loop, a journey that took nearly four hours. "No wind and no hills," said Roecker, who timed himself at 16.3 mph. "For me, that's good." Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great The Lead Where are the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers now? Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Photos: Trump family rescued this abused TX dog Ex-skater uses worst choice of words for DWTS contestant 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now Round II: Weird things overheard at the Rodeo Animal shelter may have to euthanize dogs Big-time rugby league coming to Houston Police: Woman tried to sell son to man sexually abusing him The insane net worth of Texas' biggest sport team owners HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 29 escape fire at SW Houston group home Reports: 3 arrested after drug, weapons raid Fight erupts at vigil, woman injured Photos: Chase suspect flips stolen truck Houston's best places to get your crawfish fix Best places to get fast-food fish in Houston How to spot a Cajun living in Houston Memes mock South Padre spring break fight Port Aransas police make 200+ spring break arrests Teen killed on beach after falling from moving Hummer The 15 best new burgers on Houston menus Midtown and Montrose places to drink and dine Upcoming, new and iconic Heights bars & restaurants More Business News Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials Stage Stores eyes bankrupt Gordmans for acquisition Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... Sushi burrito restaurant coming to Houston Most Read 1 Texas teacher Sarah Fowlkes smiling in mugshot because she... 2 Rick Perry blasts election of Texas A&M's first gay SGA president 3 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 4 Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his... 5 Aftermath of South Padre spring break fight caught on video... 6 Lockhart teacher Sarah Fowlkes arrested for alleged improper... 7 Nancy Kerrigan Told to ‘Break a Leg’ on ‘DWTS’ by... 8 Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... 9 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over... 10 Houston group bringing a rugby franchise, stadium to the city Latest Videos Small Business How to Fully Uninstall Microsoft Office How to Start a Quick Lube How to Respond to an Employee Complaint Letter What Documents Do I Need to Start a New Business? How to Rotate Text on Photoshop CS2 View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Sections News Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Spirit of cooperation in Wayne County Register to win WBS Penguins Tickets! Play the 2017 College Basketball Bracket Challenge Curtain Call Play in the Weekly Auto Racing Challenge! Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) POLL Have you ever considered downsizing to a smaller home? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Education Databases Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and teacher profiles (read more) Tweets from @timestribune/times-tribune-newsroom Most Read Recent Comments Longtime radio host Steve Corbett no longer at WILK Tunkhannock Area grad caring for Internet giraffe star, April Police: Carbondale man groped girl, 16 Mystery debris from iconic bridge shatters back window, startles couple Lackawanna County Court Notes 3/23/2017 Wolf invokes school closing law Party on the Patio lineup announced for Mohegan Sun Pocono High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Outlook 2017 Mother's Day Sections Local Flavor Cookbook Auto Source - Updated Monthly! Medical Guide 2016 Readers' Choice 2016 Community Guide 2016 Women Today Patrice Wilding / Published: March 12, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Teeters Furniture store in Hawley. Jason Farmer / Staff Photographer Image Gallery for SPIRIT OF cooperation Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link In the northeast-most corner of the state, two Wayne County downtowns shine as examples of the prosperity that blossoms when businesses band together for the mutual benefit of all. Honesdale — the county seat that has a population of 4,480, according to the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2010 figures — and Hawley — which has about 1,211 residents, the same study says — both boast main streets packed with a vibrant mix of retailers and vendors offering goods, services and a healthy dose of local history. In each town, shop owners, tenants and individuals form cooperative partnerships to support each other’s businesses. In Honesdale, the Merchants on Main initiative celebrates the variety of buildings, attractions and shopping mostly found in the loop encircling Main and Church streets (upward of a 37-block area with more than 140 businesses). A map of points of interest, which also lists dozens of places organized by shopping, lodging, services, worship and dining/food, is in its second edition. Paul Ludick, an Ohio native who came to Honesdale by way of New York City, where he worked in interior design and construction, bought the buildings that frame Maude Alley off Main. There, visitors can find several niche businesses, including Vietnamese restaurant Bá and Me, Alley Whey Cheese Shoppe (home to much-raved-about grilled cheese sandwiches) and Mount Pleasant Herbary with its homemade botanical products. The internet makes Honesdale accessible to people half a world away, Ludick said, giving local artisans another avenue to profits. Recently, his store shipped to Germany, England and Taiwan. “It’s all visual,” he said. “They see photographs of the store and they value small merchants. I think that’s a universal thing.” It also keeps Honesdale viable in the evening or on Sundays, when several businesses close or offer reduced hours.   ■■■   Revamping existing structures to suit the new needs of the town honored Honesdale’s past while providing usable spaces for the present. One such place is the Cooperage Project, 1030 Main St., a property that dates back to the 1860s and was, in turns, home to barrel makers and a car dealership service center, but now functions as a performance venue, farmers market and educational and gathering space. Joy Schulatta, owner of Honesdale Greenhouse Flower Shop, 1043 Main St., credits the Stourbridge Line’s railroad excursions as well as the revamped Irving Cliff Brewery and newer Here & Now Brewing Co. with driving new tourism and establishing Honesdale as a destination. “We’re centrally located between New York (City) and Philadelphia,” said Jutta Bishop, owner of Interior Works Gallery, 1037 Main St., who also cited reasonable rates from landlords with her being able to double her sales in the last year. “And it’s one of a kind, which attracts customers. They can’t find these unique things in Wal-Mart. It’s all so individual and focused and not copycats.” This communal sense of teamwork exists in Hawley too. In 2014, numerous downtown business owners received a makeover when the borough won a national contest sponsored by paint and exterior stain company Benjamin Moore. Thanks to the “Main Street Matters” nomination and winning vote, many of Hawley’s facades got fresh coats of colorful design. “It spruced the town beautifully. It did improve the looks quite a bit,” said Beverly Beck, the 22-year owner of Trading Post/Whatknots. “We want people to drive into town and say, ‘What a cute town, I’m going to come back here to look through these antique shops, and stay at that country inn, and bring my family to vacation here,’” said Ginny Hack, project coordinator for Downtown Hawley Partnership. Her organization functions as a sort of chamber of commerce, organizing volunteers, individuals, nonprofits and businesses working to make Hawley a better place to live, work and vacation. In addition to the painting facelift, Hawley paved new sidewalks and installed new banners on its light posts along Main Avenue, plus the Streetscape Committee maintains beautiful flower planters because making a good first impression is important, Hack said. Situated close to Lake Wallenpaupack, summer tourism ensures a strong warm-weather economy for Hawley. To offset the slower winter months, the town offers annual festivals like the Hawley Harvest Hoedown in October and Winterfest in December to draw visitors year-round into the commercial business district, which is about four to five blocks big plus outlying areas. Like Honesdale, Hawley has transformed historic settings into new venues, such as the Hawley Silk Mill, which now houses the Mill Market of fresh produce and specialty items, as well as a Pilates studio, art gallery, coffee shop and a couple of gift shops. Jill Carletti serves as managing director for the Harmony Presents concert series in the mill’s repurposed boiler room, which averages crowds of about 50 to 90 people at the dozens of shows held annually. “We didn’t really know that it would work, but we thought it would be an important and worthwhile thing to try,” Carletti said of the project, which launched five years ago. Hawley is a really quaint, sweet place, and now look at all the cool stuff there is to do. Community pride has increased through the beautification efforts, and the cultural exposure helps us open our eyes to different ways of being.” Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com, @pwildingTT on Twitter For more information on Honesdale www.honesdalemom.comwww.visithonesdalepa.com     For more information on Hawley www.visithawleypa.com www.hawleysilkmill.com We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Recent News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market Liberian Registry passes historic 150m gross tons landmark China’s coastal coal freights drift in week to March 21 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Shipping industry likely to use gasoil from 2020: industry expert Shipping industry likely to use gasoil from 2020: industry expert in International Shipping News,Shipping: Emission Possible 20/03/2017 Faced with an array of choices to comply with a global cap of 0.5% sulfur emissions in 2020, the shipping industry will likely choose gasoil because it is a simpler solution, according to World Fuel Services marine technical director Bob Thornton. “The customer is faced with so many choices — gasoil, ultra low sulfur heavy fuel oil, hybrid fuel, scrubbers, methanol, LNG and other alternative fuels.,” said Thornton. “It’s like a kid in the candy store — too many things to choose from — and I only have two pennies to buy it with, so I will go with plain vanilla.” Thornton was speaking during a Q&A segment at a forum organized by the Methanol Institute, Lloyd’s Register Marine and the International Bunker Industry Association in Singapore Friday. “Customers we’ve talked to about the subject, the answer is like a shrug: we don’t know what we’re going do, so probably we’ll go with gasoil,” Thornton said, adding that the world has come “full circle, a generation later” as gasoil was used to power ships 80 years ago. DRIVERS FOR LNG ADOPTION To date, the wide-scale adoption of LNG, often promoted as a cheap, abundant and clean source of energy, has been hindered by costly investment in infrastructure. Instead, the drivers for commercial uptake of LNG bunkering will be regulation, or bloggers with an environment agenda, and hypermarkets like Walmart looking for cleaner, greener processes in their supply chain, said DataFusion’s managing director Tony Regan, one of the speakers at the forum. “We also see small-scale LNG developing for transportation use, a lot of investment will come in this area. For example, in China, instead of importing LNG, they produce it domestically and use it as truck fuel,” said Regan. “We expect oil prices to move up, not dramatically to $100/b, but $60/b-$70/b by 2020, whereas gas prices are expected to remain depressed as there is a lot of capacity coming on in the next few years.” SHIPPING INDUSTRY “TOO COMPETITIVE” The issue with the shipping industry is it is too competitive to “uniformly adapt to a new world order,” said the forum moderator, Lloyd’s Register Asia Marine & Offshore regional consultancy manager Douglas Raitt. “If everybody plays a role we can stop talking about exhaust systems and move on to cleaner fuels, and we pass the cost increase to the customer,” said Raitt. “But in shipping, we don’t have a firm interest that aligns us to move forward.” Instead, the solution to meeting by 202 the International Maritime Organization’s 0.5% global sulfur cap should be an industry effort, said Raitt. “For example, a supplier could say to a ship operator that ‘I could install a scrubber on the ship in return, you give me a term contract every single time you bunker in Singapore, you buy from me the residual fuel oil’,” he said. “The uptake will be there, the supplier will be guaranteed an ‘x’ amount of volume for the next 10 years, and the shipowner will have a cheaper solution to comply with the global cap.” Source: Platts 2017-03-20 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: Weber Weekly Tanker Report Week 11 – Spot Market Summary Next: Billionaire Fredriksen Builds New Rig Unit Amid Seadrill Woes Related News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval 23/03/2017 USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec 23/03/2017 Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market 23/03/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos MPA Workplan 2017 23/03/2017 IMarEST 114th Annual Dinner 2017 Highlights 23/03/2017 Stena Line Holyhead Port – leading the way in sustainability 23/03/2017 Ship ROBERT S PIERSON at the Glendale Bridge, Welland Canal 23/03/2017 March 22 Energy Commentary: Todd Colvin 22/03/2017 Maersk Oil – The future of the Tyra field 22/03/2017 Coast Guard Ancient Tridents 22/03/2017 MSC LEVINA – MSC SHIPMANAGEMENT HONG KONG container ship 22/03/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ex-Congressman Stockman accused of stealing $775,000 from Reward offered in Houston Galleria burglary that netted $190,000 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over 2012 Univ. of Houston students to throw funeral for beloved squirrel US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi First day of spring means free cones at DQ Secret service members under scrutiny for allegedly taking The cost of America's increasingly expensive military fighter Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets on cusp of fitting milestone Houston HS baseball/softball primer: March 24 TSU baseball following familiar road to success What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Gulf States Toyota founder Thomas Friedkin dies Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Overheard at the rodeo, round two Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his 'Wonder Woman' just gave birth to a girl Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The best small town food festivals across Texas Conversation turns controversial at UH's record-breaking Table New York Times touts Texas' major hotel boom Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/It-s-not-Tour-de-France-but-cyclists-say-11013070.php It’s not Tour de France but cyclists say Houston’s version is rewarding L.M Sixel Updated 8:29 pm, Sunday, March 19, 2017 Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 1of/23 Caption Close Image 1 of 23 Jeff Syptak, a member of Mayor Sylvester Turners staff, at the start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) >>>Scroll through the gallery to see more scenes from Sunday's Tour de Houston less Jeff Syptak, a member of Mayor Sylvester Turners staff, at the start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 2 of 23 Jill Karnicki at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Jill Karnicki at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 3 of 23 Council member Jack Christie, from left, Mayor Sylvester Turner, and Council member Dwight Boykins prepare to start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Council member Jack Christie, from left, Mayor Sylvester Turner, and Council member Dwight Boykins prepare to start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 4 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 5 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 6 of 23 Jeff Syptak, a member of Mayor Sylvester Turners staff, at the start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Jeff Syptak, a member of Mayor Sylvester Turners staff, at the start one of the waves at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 7 of 23 Jill Karnicki at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Jill Karnicki at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 8 of 23 Mayor Sylvester Turner at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Mayor Sylvester Turner at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 9 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 10 of 23 Mayor Sylvester Turner encouraging riders in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Mayor Sylvester Turner encouraging riders in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 11 of 23 Doogie Roux, operations manager of Houston B Cycle, riding one of their bikes at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Doogie Roux, operations manager of Houston B Cycle, riding one of their bikes at the Tour de Houston, the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 12 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 13 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 14 of 23 Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 15 of 23 A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 16 of 23 A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 17 of 23 Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Scenes from the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride, presented by Apache Corporation and benefiting the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 18 of 23 A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 19 of 23 The start of the first wave of riders at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less The start of the first wave of riders at the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 20 of 23 A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less A wave of riders start the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 21 of 23 Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 22 of 23 Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary Fountain, March 19, 2017) less Rider going down Smith Street in the Tour de Houston the city's annual fundraising bike ride. The ride is presented by Apache Corporation and benefits the Re-Plant Houston Program. (For the Chronicle/Gary ... more Photo: Gary Fountain/Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 23 of 23 It’s not Tour de France but cyclists say Houston’s version is rewarding 1 / 23 Back to Gallery Sandra Tezino is training for the Boston Marathon next month, so she ran 20 miles on Saturday. Then she matched that distance Sunday cycling in the Tour de Houston. The ride, the second time the 49-year-old Tezino has participated in the 12th annual city-sponsored event, was a training opportunity as well as a chance to pedal through some of the more scenic neighborhoods of Houston. The 20-mile course through River Oaks and West University took about 90 minutes, she said, where she hit speeds up to 21 miles an hour. "It's a wonderful ride," said Tezino, who waited at the finish line for her daughter to complete a 44-mile trek. Tezino was one of about 4,000 riders who participated this year in the event that raises money to plant trees in Houston parks. SEEING HOUSTON: Guided tours to the Bayou City you should take The bikers had a choice of three different courses: 20 miles, 44 miles or 61 miles. The starts were staggered in front of City Hall beginning at 7:30 a.m., then the routes brought bikers back to City Hall to a return welcome from Houston Christian radio disc jockey, "Johnny B." "Way to go, guys," he shouted, as riders crossed the finish line. Some of them took the opportunity to take their hands off their handle bars to pump their fists into the air. Others rode side-by-side, holding hands. Like many riders, Tezino was decked out in form-fitting cycling gear. Her mint green "Felt" brand bike cost $1,600. But there were plenty of leisurely riders who made the route in fat-tire beach cruisers. Some had children strapped into seats. Among the more leisurely cyclists were four couples from Cypress. Neighbors and in their late 50s, they used to jog together but as that became more difficult, they decided to "put wheels on it," said Lesa Azra, 58. Now they go biking once a month. Next month, they're headed to Waller County for a bluebonnet ride. The wives and two of the husbands did the 20-mile route. The other two husbands did the 44-mile trek. NOT YET: Houston bike plan approval delayed Azra said they like organized events like Tour de Houston because they provide protection from traffic and support to cyclists. Sag wagons traveled along the route in case riders got too tired to go on. Medics were on hand in case riders took a tumble. Rest stops were stocked with fruit, granola bars and kale chips for instant energy. And at the end of the ride, sponsors handed out sandwiches, energy bars, sodas and beer. Other riders were hoping that sponsored events like Tour de Houston will encourage more biking and, in turn, more dedicated bike trails and bike lanes. Alvin Carter, 55, said there are no biking trails where he lives in Spring. It's too dangerous to go out on the roads to ride, said Carter, who did the 20-mile trek in the Tour de Houston on a bike he bought from Walmart. It was the first time for Carter to participate in the Tour de Houston although he has participated in other organized rides. "I'm a daredevil," said Carter. "I can take some chances." Many of the riders Sunday were part of a team. Some sported corporate logos of energy companies, banks and grocery stores. Others favored their local mascot. It wasn't difficult to spot the group with tight-fitting jerseys sporting neon yellow aardvarks. Initially the 20 or so members were known as the "Aardvarks" but the group is so hard-core — members typically ride a dozen or more miles each way just to get to the starting line of cycling events — that they decided to add an "H" to the name. Now the group, whose members range in age from their 20s to their 60s, call themselves the "Haardvarks." NO MOBILITY: Council says current roads won't be enough by 2050 "We go pretty fast," said Yobi Guzman, 29. He rode the 61-mile trek, he said, but if he added the 15 or so miles each way from Hobby Airport where he started, it's more like 90 miles. Not everyone was aiming to break a record. Carl Roecker came to Spandex late in life. The 72-year old wasn't a biker until about six years ago, when he had a flash of insight while waiting to pick up his girlfriend and her sister from the MS 150 in Austin, a two-day ride from Houston to Austin that raises funds for multiple sclerosis. "I've got to do that," he decided, recalling that magical moment he decided to put on some biking gear and try it out himself. Now he trains regularly and will be participating in his fourth MS 150 this spring. On Sunday, Roecker rode the 61-mile loop, a journey that took nearly four hours. "No wind and no hills," said Roecker, who timed himself at 16.3 miles per hour. "For me, that's good." This weekend the touring Spartan Race comes to the Lazy W Ranch in Hempstead, testing the mental and physical endurance of contestants who run the race. The Saturday, March 11 Houston Spartan Race is slated to feature three events including the Spartan Sprint, which 3 to 5 miles with 20 Spartan Obstacles. There is also Spartan Kids Race for those ages 5 to 12 years old. A Special Spartans heat is also offered, featuring a customized course for young athletes with disabilities. The race is similar to the Tough Mudder and Warrior Dash events that have become rather popular over the past decade. The Spartan Race was introduced in 2007. Some of the more intense versions of the race have been televised. Media: The Spartan Foundation >>>Scroll through the gallery to see scenes from Sunday's Tour de Houston Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great The Lead Where are the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers now? Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Photos: Trump family rescued this abused TX dog Ex-skater uses worst choice of words for DWTS contestant 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now Round II: Weird things overheard at the Rodeo Animal shelter may have to euthanize dogs Big-time rugby league coming to Houston Police: Woman tried to sell son to man sexually abusing him The insane net worth of Texas' biggest sport team owners HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 29 escape fire at SW Houston group home Reports: 3 arrested after drug, weapons raid Fight erupts at vigil, woman injured Photos: Chase suspect flips stolen truck Houston's best places to get your crawfish fix Best places to get fast-food fish in Houston How to spot a Cajun living in Houston Memes mock South Padre spring break fight Port Aransas police make 200+ spring break arrests Teen killed on beach after falling from moving Hummer The 15 best new burgers on Houston menus Midtown and Montrose places to drink and dine Upcoming, new and iconic Heights bars & restaurants Most Read 1 Texas teacher Sarah Fowlkes smiling in mugshot because she... 2 Rick Perry blasts election of Texas A&M's first gay SGA president 3 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 4 Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his... 5 Aftermath of South Padre spring break fight caught on video... 6 Lockhart teacher Sarah Fowlkes arrested for alleged improper... 7 Nancy Kerrigan Told to ‘Break a Leg’ on ‘DWTS’ by... 8 Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... 9 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over... 10 Houston group bringing a rugby franchise, stadium to the city View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Now NaMo App has Op-Ed section for opinions by policy-makers Parliamentary panel to summon Urjit Patel again on April 20 Government to give assistive devices to elderly below poverty line Pakistan Army unlikely to allow strategic shift in ties with India: Expert NHAI working on 5 expressways to decongest Delhi Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 04:05 PM | 23 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,332164.48 NIFTY 50 9,08655.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,8916.00 USD/INR 65.510.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 164 pts; Nifty50 tops 9,080; Tata Motors gains 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW FarEye’s retail technology is here By J Vignesh, ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 20, 2017, 01.06 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Kushal Nahata | Future group | Fareye | delivery | Amway The FarEye platform helps thirdparty logistics partners develop efficient routing plans and delivery processes. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 BENGALURU: FarEye, a logistics technology company, has introduced a product that will allow retailers to optimise and provide flexible delivery options. The startup’s digital supply chain technology will give retailers visibility into the order delivery process — from the time an order is placed to the product moving out of a warehouse and reaching a customer or a direct seller with the help of third-party logistics partners. Retailers can choose a logistics partner based on performance in addition to pricing. “The retail industry across the world is taking an online shift and a digital supply chain is the mandate today for them to sustain and grow,” said chief executive Kushal Nahata. FarEye’s new technology already has been adopted by Future Group, Amway, Walmart India and Landmark India, among others. “We deal with multiple third-party logistics partners and understand that getting real-time visibility on product delivery can be cumbersome. FarEye’s technology helps us on this account,” said Diptarag Bhattacharjee, Chief Operating Officer, Amway India. The FarEye platform helps thirdparty logistics partners develop efficient routing plans and delivery processes. Simultaneously, delivery teams can keep customers in the loop by messaging the status of the shipment. “Communicating digitally with the consumer during each step of the delivery shall allow us to capture the ‘voice of the customer’ and look to bettering her experience with the Future Group brands,” said Vivek Biyani, Director-Digital Strategy, Future Group. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter MILAAP How Marketing Automation can Help Improve Marketing & Sale.. Salesforce Visit AboveMS.com To Learn How You Can Participate In #MyS.. AboveMSMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Free Quick Start Developer Guide Microsoft Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up. Business Phone Offers The Impossibly Comfortable Indoor-Outdoor Slipper mahabis.com My Experience With the $29 Rolex Watch Club Watch of the Month Club UK Parliament terror attack: What we know so far What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door AP Exclusive: Manafort's plan to advance Putin's interests BlackBerry, Cisco ink patent cross-licensing agreement READ MORE ON » Kushal Nahata | Future group | Fareye | delivery | Amway To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented It's cashback time for Paytm: Employees sell shares worth Rs 100 crore in last few weeks Two apps to take on Ola and Uber MarketsandMarkets raises $56 million, divests minority stake Amazon's India strategy: Focus on every geography to become 'everything for everyone’ E-wallet companies choke on new RBI norms More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Senator raises idea of requiring rooftop solar for big buildings - VTDigger Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Tipster Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders All Major Projects Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Tipster Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   Senator raises idea of requiring rooftop solar for big buildings Feb. 8, 2017, 8:47 pm by Mike Polhamus 6 Comments Legislators want to begin exploring whether to require large new buildings to have solar panels on their roofs. A bill, S.21, would form a study committee to consider the question and report back to the Legislature next year with its findings. Sen. Claire Ayer, D-Addison. File photo by Erin Mansfield/VTDiggerSen. Claire Ayer, D-Addison, is lead sponsor of the bill and spoke in its favor last week to the Senate Natural Resources and Energy Committee. “We’ve got all these big box stores … with ugly roofs,” Ayer told committee members. “Wouldn’t it be nice, if the math worked, if they were generating power?” Whether the math works is the important question, Ayer said, and the study group’s makeup represents an earnest effort to answer it. It’s more important to have business leaders among the group than legislators, she said. “This would be asking industry to look at it, and to see if it’s a good idea and if it could work,” Ayer said. “These are the people that would have to be sold on the idea for it to go anywhere anyway.” Assuming the idea pans out financially, legislators said, it might address issues that have caused considerable controversy among lawmakers, regulators and other Vermonters. “If you’re putting it on roofs, you’re not putting (solar panels) up in fields,” said Sen. John Rodgers, D-Essex-Orleans. One major retailer met the idea with equanimity. A requirement that large new buildings include rooftop solar panels wouldn’t affect whether Wal-Mart chooses to open a new store in Vermont, said Kevin Gardner, the company’s senior director for global responsibility communications. Wal-Mart doesn’t have solar panels on any of its Vermont stores, but “requiring solar would not impact our decision to open additional stores there,” Gardner said. The retail giant has already installed 145 megawatts of solar panels on its properties, and generates more solar power than any U.S. company other than Target, according to a report from the Solar Energy Industries Association. Recent Stories U.S. Supreme Court nominee deflects Senate questions… Panel to determine ex-judge’s sanction over estate… Pregnancy accommodations bill survives challenge House Commerce starts writing new independent contractor… Feds list Montpelier as noncompliant on immigration State’s attorney creates panel to study ‘safe… Filed Under: Energy Tagged With: Claire Ayer, Renewable Energy, S.21, solar, Vermont legislature, Wal-Mart Mike Polhamus writes about energy and the environment for VTDigger. He formerly covered Teton County and the state of Wyoming for the Jackson Hole News & Guide, in Jackson, Wyoming. Read more Email: [email protected] Follow Mike on Twitter @Mike_VTD Latest stories by Mike Lawmakers gear up for $15 an hour minimum wage push Nearing 50th birthday, Act 250 may get a facelift Spending plan for $18M in Volkswagen money stalls out Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. John Snell As someone who has done maintenance investigations on many low-slope roofs, I can tell you this is a disaster. FAR better to put them on rack in the parking lots. Damon Lane Is that because it makes roof access and inspection difficult, because the mounting systems damage the roof, or what? I have a very small low slope roof that needs replacement and I’m considering adding solar. One benefit I expect is that the solar greatly reduces the UV hitting the roof, which should length its life. That may work for EPDM or similar roofs but maybe not for the gravel topped ones? R.J. Adler Requiring solar on big rooftops is a great idea. Big store owners can pay as much as $50,000 or more per year in electricity costs. If they have the space, solar developers can help retailers drive those costs into a system they own, and once the system is paid off that means erasing a $50,000/yr line item from your budget! Think of it as the difference of renting a house vs. buying a house and paying a mortgage. Lower operating costs would make business much easier in the state of Vermont. Even if those retailers can’t foot the bill- solar developers are willing to rent out that roof space (creating another revenue stream), and offer discounted power to other folks in town. That means more power created in Vermont, which is more efficient overall. That also means more job opportunities created in Vermont in a growing field that employs young people like me. Stephen M. Frey RJ I think it’s a win win for building owners, operators, the public and the clean energy industry. How much Megawattage in statewide flat roof, low-slop roof generation capacity are we talking about? Any sense of this from Sun Common’s perspective? Tom Hengelsberg As an architect who has also done many assessments of low-slope roofs, some with solar panels already installed in exactly the manner depicted in the article’s accompanying photograph, I would respectfully disagree with Mr. Snell. I have not seen any issues or reduction in the lifespan of the roofing membrane that would have been caused by the placement of the solar panels. If anything, the panels shade and protect the membrane, possibly prolonging its lifespan. Understand that the panels are installed on a rack system that sits on protective “feet” on top of the membrane, and the whole assembly is weighted down with concrete ballast blocks that also sit on protective slipsheets. The rack system does not penetrate the roof. When the lifespan of the roof is up, the racking can be removed, the roof replaced, and the panels reinstalled (or more likely replaced with a more efficient panel – they keep getting better and better.) The good news is, the lifespan of a membrane roof and a set of panels are about the same: 20-25 years. So if they are installed at the same time, they can be replaced at the same time. I wholeheartedly support this initiative! Many in the architecture profession have been advocating for years to add solar PV to the underused resource of low-slope rooftops. rosemariejackowski This sounds great, but there is one problem. Many firemen are opposed because of the hazards. http://dailycaller.com/2016/05/06/firefighters-solar-panels-make-our-jobs-harder-and-more-dangerous-video/ http://www.sfpe.org/?page=FPE_ET_Issue_92 Headlines Most Popular Most Shared U.S. Supreme Court nominee deflects Senate questions about abortion, voting rights   Film Explores End-of-Life Care and Conversations   Annual Career and Internships Fair at Southern Vermont College   Climate Change Talk March 27 at Lyndon State College   Merchants Bank Donates to the Intervale Gleaning & Food Rescue Program   Revision Military Awarded U.S. Army Next-Generation ACH Helmet Contract   Norwich Receives $20K from Olmsted Foundation to Send Students to Israel and Region to Study Conflict   UVM Study Links Opioid Abuse to Childhood Emotional Trauma   Howard Center Kicks Off Spring Community Education Series on March 23 with a Screening of ‘Being Mortal’   Panel to determine ex-judge’s sanction over estate dealings   Pregnancy accommodations bill survives challenge   House Commerce starts writing new independent contractor bill   Feds list Montpelier as noncompliant on immigration   State’s attorney creates panel to study ‘safe injection’ facilities   . Vermont Politics U.S. Supreme Court nominee deflects Senate questions about abortion, voting rights Vermont congressional delegation to hold town meeting Saturday in Hardwick Senators draw battle lines over Gorsuch nomination New mayor returns familiar faces to Rutland City Hall See more politics Commentary Lisa Hagerty: Consider public retirement plan options March 20, 2017 Roberta Carnwath: Climate justice concerns over pipeline March 20, 2017 Gary Shattuck: Balkan lessons for Vermont March 19, 2017 Ann Manwaring: The canary in the school yard March 16, 2017 Randall Szott: Barnard after the vote March 14, 2017 LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Updates by Email Weekly updates of the latest campaign coverage Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "Senator raises idea of requiring rooftop solar for big buildings" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
null
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Jobs Board Community Calendar Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Community La Palma La Palma police blotter, March 3 to March 9, 2017 March 14th, 2017 Katie Community, La Palma, Police Blotter, Public Safety 0 comments The items shown below are selected from the logs of the La Palma Police Department. No inference of guilt is implied in showing any item in the La Palma police blotter. March 3, 2017 Disturbance (Juveniles) – 3:02 p.m. – 5400 block of La Palma Ave. – The caller reported an ongoing issue with skateboarders. Police contacted two juveniles. Party advised and will comply and left the area. Disturbance (Subject) – 11:23 p.m. – 5600 block of Orangethorpe Ave. – The caller was from a security company and reported a verbal argument. Police determined that there was a verbal argument only. March 4, 2017 Suspicious Subject – 6:56 a.m. – 5300 block of La Palma Ave. – A male subject was reportedly sitting on a porch on the side of the building. The subject had reportedly been coming to the business since the previous week and had forced his way into the building that morning at 5 a.m. The subject was arrested for possession of controlled substances and possession of drug paraphernalia. Health & Safety Violation – 7:26 a.m. – 5000 block of Orangethorpe Ave. – A male subject was possibly using heroin in a vehicle outside the location. Male subject arrested for possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia. March 5, 2017 Vehicle Burglary Report – 3:43 p.m. – 5600 block of Orangethorpe Ave. – A Chevy Avalanche suffered damage to locks on the driver’s door. The loss was a GoPro, Beats Solo, and baseball equipment. Reckless Driving – 5:02 p.m. – La Palma/Walker – A silver Mustang was reportedly swerving and constantly braking. Police were unable to locate the vehicle. March 6, 2017 Foot Patrol – 8:41 a.m. – Orangethorpe/Coyote Creek – A lock on the gate at Orangethorpe and Coyote Creek was cut and had been removed. Police contacted a transient and conducted a search. Subject arrested for possession of drug paraphernalia and a felony bench warrant. Suspicious Vehicle – 2:57 p.m. – 4900 block of Windsong Ave. – The caller reported two males subjects in a moving van backed up in to the driveway of a residence that the caller stated was vacant. Police contacted two subjects working on the residence. Police arrested one subject for a misdemeanor bench warrant. March 7, 2017 Disturbance (Subject) – 2:33 p.m. – 8200 block of Walker St. – A male subject was reportedly demonstrated his rights with a loudspeaker and causing a noise disturbance. Multiple subjects were at the location as some point of religious protest. Police located two subjects at the location, one on the loudspeaker and one not. Both subjects refused to identify themselves. The subjects agreed to keep the noise down. Police Information – 2:36 p.m. – 5400 block of La Palma Ave. – There was a rumor of a fight to occur at Central Park. Additional callers reported the same. Several students advised that the fight was already over. Checked okay. March 8, 2017 Police Information – 9:50 a.m. – 4500 block of Sharon Dr. – The reporting party came to the lobby to report being a potential victim of fraud. An unknown male subject called her at approximately 9 a.m. claiming to be her “arrested grandson.” The caller ID indicated a Private Caller. “Sgt. Miller” was eventually put on the call and requested five $1,000 WalMart gift cards to arrange “bail.” The victim was going to visit WalMart to purchase the “bail,” but eventually change her mind and called her grandson, who was okay. She was provided a callback number. No report was desired. The reporting party just wanted the police to be aware of the incident. Traffic Collision – 5:17 p.m. – Moody/Crescent – OCFA was responding to an injury traffic collision. A subject in the crosswalk was suffering from a head injury and a laceration to the back of the head. Orange County Sheriff Department and Cypress Police Department also responded for the incident. The subject was transported to the hospital. March 9, 2017 Trespassing – 12:07 p.m. – 8200 block of Walker St. – A subject was reportedly trespassing in the parking lot. Police were unable to locate the subject. Counseling – 2:25 p.m. – 7900 block of Walker St. – Police were asked to meet with security at the location. A visitor reportedly overheard two subjects talking about “attack and kill, then it’s all over.” Police determined that the two subjects were talking about a large guard dog (Tibetan mastiff) between each other. A subject showed photographs with corroborated the story. The reporting party was counseled regarding the investigation’s findings. Tags crime La Palma CA La Palma police blotter La Palma Police Department Orange County CA police blotter police log Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Weather in northwest Orange County for Wednesday, March 15, 2017 Previous article Cypress police blotter, March 5 to March 9, 2017 Katie Born and raised in Orange County, I have a B.A. in English from the University of Southern California. I grew up on Star Trek, J.R.R. Tolkien, and Saturday morning PBS reruns of Doctor Who. I am also a proud volunteer with my local police department. Related Posts Buena Park March 22nd, 2017 What’s blooming in Buena Park, California Community March 22nd, 2017 Openings available for Garden Grove Mobile Home Improvement Program Community March 22nd, 2017 Today is the feast day of St. Isidore, namesake of St. Isidore Historical Plaza Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion » Root Cause Last Modified: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 01 18 AM IST Human Rights rankings: no perfect company The rankings don’t make for a pretty picture and quite validate the purpose of Corporate Human Rights Benchmark Subscribe to our newsletter. Sudeep Chakravarti Two Indian companies, ONGC and Coal India Ltd are part of the initial ranking, and come in at the lowest score band of below 10% across all parameters and across the three industries covered. Photo: Reuters The first Corporate Human Rights Benchmark (CHRB) ranking for 2017 is finally out. This next big thing in global human rights tracking is well on its way: it hasn’t pulled any punches or run scared of big names. Earlier this week, CHRB unveiled its first formal ranking of 98 publicly-traded companies in three industries that usually contain many of the worst human rights offenders: agricultural products, apparel and extractives. Early plans called for extending this to 500 companies by mid-2018 and to include finance, engineering, pharmaceuticals and the information and communication technology sectors, though I suspect there will be a delay in taking the range that far that fast. Two Indian companies, Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd and Coal India Ltd are part of the initial ranking, and come in at the lowest score band of below 10% across all parameters and across the three industries covered. They are joined by other extreme laggards: China Petroleum and Chemical Corp., Ross Stores Inc., Kohl’s Corp., Yum! Brands Inc., Grupo Mexico, Macy’s Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp.—which straddles the agricultural products and apparel sectors. (The rankings and the report can be viewed at corporatebenchmark.org). Companies were measured on varying weights for various parameters, a methodology refined for some years in consultation with 400 organizations and specialists. A company’s corporate governance and policies, shared equally between board level accountability and policy commitments have been given 10% weight; the same as transparency. “Embedding respect and human rights due diligence” has 25%. Remedies and grievance mechanisms has 15% weight. “Performance” has 40%, shared equally between a company’s human rights practices and “responses to serious allegations”. The project brings together two big names in the human rights space—the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Business and Human Rights Resource Centre. These UK-based organizations are joined by Calvert Investments Inc., Aviva Investors, VBDO (The Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development) and Eiris Foundation. The last two focus on advising responsible investment. Since I first wrote about CHRB in this column in late 2015, Stockholm-based Nordea Wealth Management has joined the project, as has Vigeo Eiris, formed after the merger of Eiris and Vigeo, which works in a similar space. Representatives from these organizations form CHRB’s steering committee—CHRB is now formally CHRB Ltd, a registered not-for-profit—with Aviva chairing. The rankings don’t make for a pretty picture and quite validate the purpose of CHRB. “Only three companies score more than 60%. And the average score is a mere 28.7%,” maintains CHRB’s chair Steve Waygood, who is also chief responsible investment officer, Aviva Investors. “There is clearly no perfect company or industry in human rights terms, and no scope for complacency anywhere. However, it is clear that some are trying much harder than others and we have identified clear leaders and laggards.” The three companies in the 60-69% range throws up at least two surprises for me, extractives behemoths BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, alongside Marks and Spencer Group, ranked across both agricultural products and apparel categories. What Waygood calls the average—the great bulge of rankings in the 20-29% band—would make your jaw drop with a sampling of seemingly innocent names among habitual offenders, as it were: Danone, Goldcorp, Christian Dior, Anheuser-Busch InBev, PetroChina, Starbucks Corp., Nordstrom Inc., PepsiCo Inc, Gazprom, Repsol, and Prada. Just above the bottom three in the 10-19% band are Petrobras, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and McDonald’s Corp. “The 2017 results are significantly skewed toward the lower bands,” the report states. “This reflects the relatively early stage that many companies are still at when implementing the UN Guiding Principles and other internationally recognized human rights and industry standards. Nearly six years on from the UN Guiding Principles’ endorsement, this is an important, if uncomfortable, finding.” This understatement underscores the urgent necessity of efforts like CHRB’s ranking, and the need, as the report suggests, for laggards to “act decisively” so that they can, like the relative leaders, recognize “the moral imperative, business case, and commercial viability of taking action on human rights”. For my money, “moral imperative” is a bit of twaddle to throw at business. I’m also disconcerted by phrases like “race to the top” for companies to remain competitive in the rankings. As I have written earlier, it is no secret that races to the top of do-good, feel-good rankings are helped along by massive public relations output. Glib corporate commitment and outreach has saved more than one company—even entire industries—from perception and financial ruin. But it could undermine CHRB’s rankings, and that would be a crying shame. Sudeep Chakravarti’s books include Clear.Hold.Build: Hard Lessons of Business and Human Rights in India, Red Sun: Travels in Naxalite Country and Highway 39: Journeys through a Fractured Land. This column, which focuses on conflict situations and the convergence of businesses and human rights, runs on Thursdays. Respond to this column at rootcause@livemint.com Sudeep Chakravarti Topics: Corporate Human Rights CHRB Companies agricultural products apparel More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying First Published: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 01 18 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows India’s current account deficit widens to $7.9 billion in Oct-Dec quarter: RBI Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/do-people-really-want-amazons-latest-innovation-1489772680 Hot Stocks Do People Really Want Amazon’s Latest Innovation? Amazon Go markets boast cool technology and quick checkouts, but a new survey indicates that checkout time is not the most important factor for consumers. By Avi Salzman March 17, 2017 1:44 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large An Amazon prototype retail location, from a company video about its "Amazon Go" grocery-store concept. Photo: Amazon.com Amazon.com is rolling out new kinds of supermarkets called Amazon Go that allow people to buy groceries without having to wait in a checkout line. So far, Amazon has one Go store, which opened to employees in Seattle late last year. It’s not clear how many stores will eventually open. The company has highlighted the checkout innovation as a key selling point for the new stores. But according to a Morgan Stanley report published Friday, most people don’t see a quick checkout as a particularly big deal. In fact, it was an important factor for only about 30% of the people they surveyed, versus 50% who cared about prices and 70% who wanted a convenient location. Also more important than quick checkout: selection, high-quality products, and good weekly sales and promotions. What’s more, Amazon’s advantage in checkout times is already narrowing. Traditional grocery stores have made progress at reducing times considerably -- Kroger lowered its average checkout wait time to 30 seconds from 3-4 minutes historically, according to Morgan Stanley. And Wal-Mart’s mobile app now allows for quick scan and go purchases at Sam’s Club. “While frictionless shopping differentiates ‘Go’, it is unclear if this is enough to make the concept viable long-term,” analyst Vincent Sinisi wrote. Sinisi nonetheless finds the Go concept intriguing, as the U.S. grocery market is worth $770 billion, and this is one way for Amazon to tap into it. Big Picture: Amazon is excited about its new Amazon Go food markets, where people can check out using just their smartphones. But consumers don’t care that much about quick checkout compared to other factors. More from Barron’s Next Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Next Up for Amazon: Concert Tickets Could Groupon Challenge Amazon Again? Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Tesla’s Handicap Now Looks Like an Advantage The Key to Jumpstarting Buffalo Wild Wings Tinder Learns Some International Pick Up Lines Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper US communities crumbling under an evolving addiction crisis More than 33,000 people across the country died in 2015 from opioid overdoses, up 15.5 percent from 2014. PHOTO: TANYA GHOSH PublishedMar 19, 2017, 4:45 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47dM Copy WASHINGTON (AFP) - Of the 2,900 babies born last year in Cabell County, West Virginia, 500 had to be weaned off of opioid dependence. In Ohio, counties are renting refrigerated trailers to store the mounting number of bodies of drug overdose victims. In New Hampshire, hospitals have so many overdose patients they have to treat them in operating rooms and neonatal nurseries. And in Palm Beach County, Florida, where President Donald Trump spends his weekends, 10 people died of overdoses on Friday alone, likely from a batch of heroin tainted by fentanyl, a powerful, synthetic opioid pain medication. After a decade and hundreds of thousands of deaths, the US opioid addiction crisis is entering a new phase. With the government finally cracking down on the free flow of prescription pain killers fueling the crisis, addicts are turning to heroin pouring in from Mexico. And towns, cities and states are being overwhelmed. - Overdose deaths surging - More than 33,000 people across the country died in 2015 from opioid overdoses, up 15.5 percent from 2014. That equated to a record 10 overdose deaths for every 100,000 people - 10 times the level in 1971, when the US government declared its "War on Drugs" after a surge in overdoses. But whereas six years ago four out of five overdose deaths came from prescription painkillers like oxycodone and hydrocodone, now heroin and heroin-fentanyl deaths account for about half. In Cabell County, the overdose death rate was about 30 per 100,000, not even the highest in West Virginia, the state hit hardest by the addiction crisis. Lawyer Paul Farrell last week filed suit for Cabell and a neighboring county, Kanawha, seeking damages from drug companies for dumping massive amounts of addictive opioids into the state, fueling the addiction epidemic. "My community is dying on a daily basis," he said. Every sixth baby born locally suffers from neonatal abstinence syndrome, in which a mother's addiction is passed on to her child. "The hospital has to rock these babies 24 hours a day as they scream their way through addiction," Farrell said. He said counties like his had little choice but to sue to force drug companies to pay for the present and future costs of the crisis. "What we're asking for is not only to hold them responsible for blatantly violating federal and state laws, but to fix the damage they caused, so that we stop creating another generation of addicts," Farrell said. - Hundreds of millions of pills - How prescription opioid producers and distributors fed the crisis is made clear by previously unreleased US Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) data reported in December by the Charleston (West Virginia) Gazette-Mail. It showed that from 2007 to 2012, those companies sold 780 million opioid painkillers in West Virginia, 421 extremely addictive pills for every man, woman and child in the poor eastern state. Every state is feeling the impact. On March 1, Maryland Governor Larry Hogan declared the addiction crisis a "state of emergency," allowing him to draw on funds normally appropriated for natural disasters to deal with the problem. Two weeks ago, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a sweeping new campaign to cut addiction, after the city's overdose death toll hit 1,075 last year. "The pharmaceutical industry for years has encouraged the overuse of addictive painkillers," he said. - From prescription drugs to heroin - The surge in deaths follows a shift in the nature of the crisis. After the DEA last year ordered a 25 per cent cutback in the distribution of prescription opioids, addicts turned to heroin. But that drug is frequently cut with extremely potent fentanyl, causing even more overdoses. "Everybody is starting to see a slowdown of prescription opiates. As you see supply drop, what we are seeing is an equal rise of heroin," said Farrell. "We are going to see an all-time high transition to heroin abuse in the next five years." To raise funds to deal with it, cities and counties are suing manufacturers like Purdue Pharma, which makes OxyContin, the most prevalent of the opioid painkillers; mega-drug wholesalers McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen; and pharmacy operators like Rite Aid and Walmart. New Hampshire, the New England state which rivals West Virginia for the rate of overdose deaths, has sued Purdue. "Last year we had 450 overdose deaths" in a state of 1.3 million, Senior Assistant Attorney General James Boffetti told AFP. "Their marketing exacerbated this addiction problem." Paul Hanly, whose law firm Simmons Hanly Conroy LLC is suing 11 opioid distributors and manufacturers on behalf of Erie County, New York, said the companies' behavior resembled that of neighborhood drug pushers. "Certain of the conduct that is alleged in our cases and the West Virginia cases do smack of racketeering and conspiracy," he said. The companies are fighting the suits, denying they are to blame. In a statement to AFP that reflected the stances of the others, Cardinal Health said: "We believe that these copycat lawsuits do not advance any of the hard work needed to solve the opioid abuse crisis - an epidemic driven by addiction, demand and the diversion of medications for illegitimate use." Topics:  DRUG CONSUMPTION US NEWS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47dM Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles suo_st-nr_300x200.jpg Connected city fringe living cc_a125543_2017mar08_300x200_article2.jpg 5 reasons to drive a hybrid car in Singapore Shopping Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Rehoming Your Preloved Items? Come To Qsquare market Now! Check Out Super Sales @ Qsquare Market Now! Road Safety Is #1 Important! Get Car Camera Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit 7 Best Tax Tips for Investors Can’t Miss, Affordable Alaskan Destinations for Your Next Vacation 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Here’s How the Average Savings Account Interest Rate to Compares to Yours HSA vs. FSA: How to Choose the Best Healthcare Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News ETF vs. Mutual Fund: How to Choose Your Investments 11 Things Every Investor Should Know About the S&P 500 Index 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News Changes to Social Security Spousal Benefits You Need to Know More Than Half of Americans Will Retire Broke 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 7 New Banking Technologies You’ll See in the Next 5 Years 9 Signs Your Bank Is Your Soulmate 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips Pros and Cons of Prepaid Debit Cards How to Never Pay Another Credit Card Late Fee 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Personal Finance Tips > Personal Finance How-Tos and FAQs > How to Make Money Off Spring Cleaning Season How to Make Money Off Spring Cleaning SeasonCash in on spring cleaning with these tips. By Cameron Huddleston | March 19, 2017 Some people love spring cleaning. Okay, maybe only a few of us do. For the rest, this annual ritual can feel like a chore. However, you might be able to turn your cleaning frown upside-down, if you start looking at the experience as a money-making venture. "Part of the joy of spring cleaning is uncovering the hidden sources of value in your home," said Kelly Stephenson, director of marketing at mobile marketplace OfferUp. "Closets, bedrooms, garages, attics, basements and sheds can all turn up items of significant worth." In fact, there are plenty of ways to make money spring cleaning. Here are a few. Tinatin / Shutterstock.com Use Online Marketplaces to Sell Items Locally Your home could be a treasure trove of items you don't want but others are willing to buy. An easy way to make money online is by using websites and apps to sell belongings locally. That way, you can avoid the hassle of shipping things to buyers. You can use online classifieds, such as Craigslist.org, Backpage.com and Recycler.com, to list items for sale and target buyers in your community. Or use a free app, such as Offerup, to snap a picture of the item you want to sell, post it and connect with local buyers. It also has a safety feature; you can see profiles of buyers, view their ratings (based on past transactions) and use the app's messaging system to communicate with them. Items that sell well on Offerup include furniture, small appliances, bags, suitcases, jewelry and accessories, Stephenson said. "Our data team found that china cabinets sell for an average of $247, and the dresser that's taking up space in your attic can earn you around $163," she said. "That juicer you bought to support last year's New Year's resolution can easily earn back an average of $51 on OfferUp." To get the best price on items you're trying to sell, start by researching what similar items are selling for, Stephenson said. Your price needs to be competitive, but you should highlight qualities or advantages of your item to get the highest rate. Include the item's measurements in the description and take well-lit photos from different angles to increase its likelihood to sell, she said. If your item isn't in great condition, highlight the fact that it can be improved or transformed with some DIY skills. "A creative eye will see past cosmetic flaws," Stephenson said. David M G / Shutterstock.com Tap Into Social Media to Unload Items If you don't like the idea of selling to strangers, take advantage of social media sites such as Facebook to let your friends know you have things to sell. It can be as simple as posting a description of what you have and a price and then asking friends to send you a private message if they're interested. Or you could join Facebook's local buying and selling groups to reach more people. Search the name of your city and the keywords "buy," "sell" and "trade" to find local groups in your area. Then you can post pictures, descriptions and prices of the items you want to sell. Learn: How Decluttering Helps Me Make and Save at Least $500 a Year gabriel12 / Shutterstock.com Sell Clothes on Consignment If you don't want to deal with marketing items and finding buyers, you can sell your stuff on consignment. Consignment stores typically split the selling price of an item with you 50/50. If you have unwanted furniture or home accessories, visit local consignment stores to see which ones have items similar to those you want to unload, so you can target the right places. You should look for stores that get a lot of foot traffic to increase the chances that your items will sell quickly. To ensure you get top dollar, clean items first and make any necessary repairs. Clothing consignment stores typically want name-brand apparel, accessories and shoes that are in good condition and no more than a couple years old. Call local stores or check their websites to see what the policies are. You'll likely need to make an appointment to bring your items for a store employee to assess. In some cases, you'll need to go to the store to pick up a check or cash after an item sells. You can also sell through an online consignment marketplace, such as Poshmark.com, if you don't have a consignment store nearby. Poshmark accepts men's, women's and kids' fashions and accessories and charges a $2.95 commission for sales under $15. You'll pay a 20 percent commission for sales of $15 or more. You can use the free Poshmark app to take pictures of your items and list them for sale. Poshmark provides pre-paid shipping labels (paid for by the buyer). EQRoy / Shutterstock.com Recycle Unwanted Tech Gadgets for Cash That gaming console your kids don't use anymore, the tablet that's sitting in a drawer or even a broken smartphone are hidden sources of income lying around your house. You can sell used tech gadgets and electronics on sites such as Gazelle.com and uSell.com. Both services offer free shipping with pre-paid shipping kits. Gazelle.com pays by check, PayPal or an Amazon gift card. With uSell.com, you can get paid by check or through PayPal. Or you can recycle your unwanted cellphone, tablet or MP3 player at an ecoATM kiosk at a mall, grocery store or Walmart for cash on the spot. The amount you net will depend on the item you trade in and its condition. For example, you could get $30 for a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 in good condition, $60 for an iPad Mini in good condition and $125 for an unlocked iPhone SE with 64 GB in good condition on Gazelle.com. You'd still get $50 if that iPhone SE had a cracked screen or hardware. nature10 / Shutterstock.com Have a Yard Sale If your spring cleaning unearths a lot of items you can sell, a yard sale might be a good way to hawk them all at once. You have to be willing to put in the time and effort, though, to have a successful yard sale. First, check your city's website to see if you need a permit. Once you've picked a date for your sale, advertise it in your local newspaper's classified section, online at a site such as Craigslist.org and on Facebook. Hang notices on community bulletin boards and post signs around the neighborhood with your address and arrows pointing toward your house. But, be sure to check your city's or neighborhood association's rules about posting signs. Put prices on all of your items, arrange them on tables and hang clothes, so buyers can easily see them. And put some of the best items toward the front to catch buyers' eyes and draw them to your sale. If you have kids, you might want to give them a chance to make money, too, by letting them sell lemonade or cookies to your yard sale shoppers. See: How Your Clutter Is Costing You Money 502611022 / Shutterstock.com Repair or Repurpose Discarded Goods and Sell Them You might be able to make money from other people's spring cleaning efforts, as well. Donna Freedman, author of "Your Playbook for Tough Times," suggests keeping an eye out for items people have discarded that can be repaired and sold. "Sometimes these 'curb mart' deals can mean big bucks," she said. For example, Freedman knows someone who picked up a four-piece wicker porch set a neighbor had put out with the trash. She cleaned the set, styled it with cushions, took pictures and listed it on her town's Facebook buy and sell page. It sold almost immediately for $150. You might not even have to drive around town looking for discarded items. Check the free listings on Craigslist for items people want to get rid of that you can turn around and sell for a profit. 495707326 / Shutterstock.com Make Money Spring Cleaning for Others You could also make money spring cleaning for others. "Let people know you'll clean out garages, basements and attics," Freedman said. Or you could offer to spruce up the exteriors of people's homes or their lawns. "This could be the year that someone has decided to hire it out, or to hire someone to help an aging relative with the housework," Freedman said. Start by letting friends and relatives know you're offering your services. Also, post a notice of the services you're offering at your place of worship or a local senior center. Freedman suggests something along the lines of: "Cheerful cleaner willing to help you (or someone you love) with the heavy work of spring cleaning." Up Next: 36 Expensive Services You Should DIY Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article How to File a Tax Extension With the IRS Learn which tax forms to submit and steps to take to file for a 2017 tax extension. Related Articles 45 Ways to Make More Money in 2017 How to Make Sure Your Charitable Donations Go Far This Year Paid to Sweat: 6 Ways to Make Money for Getting in Shape How to Make Money on Instagram People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. SOFI: Terms and Conditions Apply. SOFI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE PRODUCTS AND BENEFITS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. To qualify, a borrower must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident in an eligible state and meet SoFi's underwriting requirements. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. To qualify for the lowest rate, you must have a responsible financial history and meet other conditions. If approved, your actual rate will be within the range of rates listed above and will depend on a variety of factors, including term of loan, a responsible financial history, years of experience, income and other factors. Rates and Terms are subject to change at anytime without notice and are subject to state restrictions. SoFi refinance loans are private loans and do not have the same repayment options that the federal loan program offers such as Income Based Repayment or Income Contingent Repayment or PAYE. Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Finance Lender Law License No. 6054612. SoFi loans are originated by SoFi Lending Corp., NMLS # 1121636. (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org) Fixed rates from 3.375% APR to 6.740% APR (with AutoPay). Variable rates from 2.365% APR to 6.290% APR (with AutoPay). Interest rates on variable rate loans are capped at either 8.95% or 9.95% depending on term of loan. See APR examples and terms. Lowest variable rate of 2.365% APR assumes current 1 month LIBOR rate of 0.79% plus 1.825% margin minus 0.25% ACH discount. Not all borrowers receive the lowest rate. If approved for a loan, the fixed or variable interest rate offered will depend on your creditworthiness, and the term of the loan and other factors, and will be within the ranges of rates listed above. For the SoFi variable rate loan, the 1-month LIBOR index will adjust monthly and the loan payment will be re-amortized and may change monthly. APRs for variable rate loans may increase after origination if the LIBOR index increases. The SoFi 0.25% AutoPay interest rate reduction requires you to agree to make monthly principal and interest payments by an automatic monthly deduction from a savings or checking account. The benefit will discontinue and be lost for periods in which you do not pay by automatic deduction from a savings or checking account. *To check the rates and terms you qualify for, SoFi conducts a soft credit inquiry. Unlike hard credit inquiries, soft credit inquiries (or soft credit pulls) do not impact your credit score. Soft credit inquiries allow SoFi to show you what rates and terms SoFi can offer you up front. After seeing your rates, if you choose a product and continue your application, we will request your full credit report from one or more consumer reporting agencies, which is considered a hard credit inquiry. Hard credit inquiries (or hard credit pulls) are required for SoFi to be able to issue you a loan. In addition to requiring your explicit permission, these credit pulls may impact your credit score.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 19° Sunny High: 32° | Low: 19° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted March 19 increase font size Week in review: Food industry news: Award finalists and a credit union Also: A bill seeks to streamline the development process for apartment complexes. Staff report Share Comment Read Article FOOD Mainers among finalists for Beard awards Jack Weaver assembles Bean boots at the L.L. Bean boot factory in Brunswick in September. Around 6,000 L.L. Bean employees will receive a 3 percent annual bonus based on sales at the outdoor gear retailer. The Freeport-based company announced Friday that its 2016 sales came in at just over $1.6 billion, similar to sales in 2015 and 2014. Staff photo by Derek Davis Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → Mike Wiley and Andrew Taylor, chef/co-owners of three Portland restaurants, and Rob Tod, founder of Allagash Brewing Co., have been named finalists for prestigious James Beard Awards. Wiley and Taylor, who along with manager Arlin Smith own Eventide Oyster Co., The Honey Paw and Hugo’s, are competing in the category of Best Chef: Northeast. This is the third nomination for the chefs, who were also finalists last year. Best Chef nominees, according to the James Beard Foundation, have worked as chefs for at least five years and “have set new or consistent standards of excellence in their respective regions.” Tod is a finalist in the Outstanding Wine, Beer, or Spirits Professional category. Nominees in this category are professionals who have “made a significant national impact on the restaurant industry.” The James Beard Awards, often called the Oscars of the food world, will be presented at a ceremony May 1 in Chicago. Read the story. Portland restaurant closes after six months Portland Meatball Co. on Exchange Street has closed, according to the local food blog Portland Food Map. The closure was not noted on the restaurant’s website or Facebook page. A phone call went to the restaurant’s voicemail, but it would not be unusual to get no answer because the business has always been closed on Mondays. The restaurant, which opened in October, was owned by Noah and Dan Talmatch, who also own Timber Steakhouse and Rotisserie next door. Read the story. BANKING & FINANCING Farmers’ credit union gets backing A Maine-based project to create a new credit union for farmers and food entrepreneurs has reached an important milestone with the formation of an expert panel that includes one member with a famous grandfather who helped create the modern credit union system. On March 6, Maine Harvest Credit Project hosted its “organizer event,” a critical part of obtaining a charter and achieving recognition as Maine’s 59th credit union. State and federal law requires a new credit union to form a group of organizers to review and adopt its by-laws and appoint the first board of directors. Maine Harvest has recruited 15 organizers, including Goodwill Industries of Northern New England’s president and CEO, Anna Eleanor Roosevelt, whose grandfather Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s administration was responsible for passing the Federal Credit Union Act of 1934. The act created the Bureau of Federal Credit Unions to charter and regulate federal credit unions. The bureau was replaced in 1970 with the current National Credit Union Administration. Maine Harvest’s goal is to establish a credit union that its backers believe would fill a gap in available financing for the state’s food producers by offering land-backed mortgages in the $100,000 to $400,000 range, small-business loans of $60,000 to $125,000 and equipment loans of $20,000 to $40,000. Read the story. Fed raises interest rates The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points on Wednesday, launching into what is expected to be a more rapid series of increases that is intended to ward off inflation but will also raise costs for Americans who borrow money to finance mortgages, auto loans and credit card purchases. Fed officials voted to raise the central bank’s key interest rate for overnight lending by a quarter point, from a range of 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent to a range of 0.75 percent to 1.0 percent. Bank officials announced the decision Wednesday afternoon following a two-day policy meeting in Washington. The Fed has long planned on raising interest rates to a more normal level, after slashing them to nearly zero during the financial crisis and holding them at an ultra-low level for years to stimulate a sluggish economy. Read the story.   Bank seeks applications for pitch contest Gorham Savings Bank is accepting applications for its fifth annual LaunchPad business competition, in which promising early-stage ventures in Maine compete for a $50,000 grant from the bank. The Gorham-based community bank said entrepreneurs, startups and established companies can enter via an online application at gorhamsavingsbank.com/launchpad, and that no formal business proposal or supporting documents are required. Five finalists will be invited to compete at a live pitch event on June 6 at the University of Southern Maine’s Hannaford Hall in Portland, at which the winner will be announced. Read the story. RECREATION Party in Sunday River golf dispute buys club’s assets Portland-based Newry Holdings LLC was the only bidder at an auction Wednesday to purchase equipment and other assets of Sunday River Golf Club in Newry amid a legal fight over the club’s ownership. A lawsuit is pending in Cumberland County Superior Court to determine whether Newry Holdings or Harris Golf Inc. of Bath is the club’s rightful owner. The award-winning, semiprivate golf course was built by Harris Golf, which has owned and operated the club since it opened in 2005. However, Newry Holdings took ownership of the property in January because it was the sole creditor on the property’s mortgage, and it said Harris Golf failed to make a required mortgage payment. Harris Golf said it was about to pay the mortgage in December but was pre-empted by Newry Holdings in violation of a forbearance agreement. Newry Holdings held an auction Wednesday for all of the equipment and other assets associated with the golf club, including the domain name sundayrivergolfclub.com. The company’s attorney, George Marcus, said that Newry Holdings was the sole bidder, and that it purchased the assets for $700,000. Marcus has said that the auction was a necessary legal step for his client to exercise its right of ownership to those assets. Read the story. REAL ESTATE & CONSTRUCTION Bill seeks to streamline development process for apartment complexes An organization that represents Maine real estate developers is lobbying the Legislature to pass a bill that would streamline the approval process for some apartment building projects in the state. It says the law as it exists today is redundant, slows down development and needlessly made Portland’s long-delayed “midtown” apartment project look bad while giving ammunition to its critics. The bill, L.D. 805, was introduced March 2 by Democratic Sen. Nathan Libby of Lewiston. It would eliminate the need for a separate subdivision review for apartment projects in municipalities such as Portland that already have a rigorous site plan review process. Under current law, such projects must undergo both forms of review. The bill’s primary backer, the Maine Real Estate & Development Association, said the redundancy in the site review process for apartment construction or conversion can slow down urban development projects without providing any tangible benefit. Read the story.  RETAIL Wal-Mart distributes bonuses Wal-Mart distributed bonuses to more than 4,000 Maine employees last week, payments that reflect strong fourth-quarter earnings for the mega retailer. The average Maine bonus amounted to $183.13, according to a news release from Wal-Mart. Bonuses were distributed to more than 850,000 Wal-Mart employees in the U.S. after the close of the fourth quarter, when the company reported revenues north of $130 billion and strong comparable sales. More than $157 million was awarded in the quarterly bonus, including $800,000 for Maine, destined for 4,414 employees. Wal-Mart is Maine’s third-largest private employer with more than 7,000 employees. The quarterly bonuses were awarded to employees who had been with the company for at least six months and, in the case of entry-level workers, completed the Pathways training program. Read the story. GENERAL BUSINESS Maine’s jobless rate dips to 3.5 percent The January unemployment rate for Maine was the lowest since 2001. The Maine Department of Labor released January’s rate of 3.5 percent on Monday, down from 3.8 percent in December and one year ago, the lowest rate since March 2001. The number of unemployed was down 1,300 over the year to 24,300. Decreasing unemployment points to a tight labor market that for the past year has challenged businesses looking to hire workers. Read the story. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Maine searches for opportunities in offshore wind power Nation & World Former pharmacy owner convicted of racketeering Business Airbnb doubling its investment in China Business Major advertisers boycott YouTube Recent Read Shared Maine's low temperatures for March 23, 2017: ColdTrac U.S. routs Puerto Rico to win World Baseball Classic LePage says Congress should slow down on health-care overhaul Horoscopes for March 23, 2017 House Republican health bill on the brink hours from showdown vote Feature obituary: Loss of Windham High graduate leaves a hole in the community After 40 years, Wiscasset mourns the loss of landmark restaurant Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Lost: A special report LePage says he might retire outside Maine because of tax hike, other ballot initiatives Woman who adopted plant-based diet, saw MS symptoms fade will speak at nutrition conference Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Freeport girl and her pet duck will be on national TV tonight Bill Nemitz: One comma left out gives judge pause in Oakhurst overtime case Sen. Collins says she can't support House health care plan in current form BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Blood stains tell story of attack on three victims: forensic expert The Canadian Press February 8, 2017 10:28 AM Nathan O'Brien and his grandparents Kathy and Alvin Liknes are shown in Calgary Police Service handout photos.THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-Calgary Police Service MANDATORY CREDIT Previous Next Nathan O'Brien and his grandparents Kathy and Alvin Liknes are shown in Calgary Police Service handout photos.THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-Calgary Police Service MANDATORY CREDIT CALGARY — A woman and her grandson were attacked in a spare bedroom where she was hit with a blunt instrument that caused a significant impact and loss of blood, a murder trial was told Wednesday. "There was at least one impact with a liquid blood source of Kathryn Liknes. It's my opinion that Kathryn was on the floor at the time of impact when these stains were made," a blood pattern expert testified at Douglas Garland's trial. "It may have been an object that was used, it could have been a hand or foot," acting Staff Sgt. Jodi Arns said. "I can't tell you what object would have impacted her at the time. I can just tell you there was a significant impact to create the stains that were there." Garland, 57, faces three counts of first-degree murder in the disappearance of Alvin and Kathy Liknes and their five-year-old grandson Nathan O'Brien. The three vanished from the couple's Calgary home in June 2014 after an estate sale. Nathan was staying on a sleepover. Their bodies have not been recovered. The Crown has stated it believes they were attacked in the house and taken to Garland's farm where they were killed and their bodies disposed of. Wednesday's testimony was the first court heard about what is believed to have happened in the Liknes home. Arns told the jury that Nathan's blood had dripped onto the floor near where his grandmother's body was lying and that he would have been "actively bleeding" on the fitted sheet of the mattress. "All I can tell you in that particular case is that there was a bloodletting injury and that due to gravity the blood was formulating and dropping." Arns said a similar situation played out in the nearby master bedroom where Alvin Liknes had been sleeping. There was blood on the bed and spattered on the walls, the nightstand and a bongo drum. "It's my opinion that there was a minimum of one impact to Alvin as the blood source was on or near the ground," Arns said. "The reason why I say minimum of one is because in order for me to see blood-stain patterns and see blood droplets there actually has to be blood available," she said. "I can actually impact somebody several times before they have an injury allowing blood to be dispersed." Arns added that Alvin Liknes suffered further blows — a minimum of four in at least three places in the home — and concluded that both he and his wife were dragged along the carpet in the house. DNA of all three victims was found throughout the home — in blood pools, smears, bloody footprints and drag marks. In a number of cases, DNA from Kathy Liknes and her grandson was found in the same samples. Garland was under surveillance on July 13, 2014 where officers saw him go into a Wal-Mart on two occasions where he bought a towel, gloves and a flashlight. He later was spotted at a park in Airdrie. "Some of the other officers there had observed him writing in a journal and talking out loud to himself," said Const. Richard Massicote. Garland, who was driving a rental car, later parked the vehicle on an oil well road behind his property and entered by foot. Several officers, aided by the light from a police helicopter, followed him as he ran through deep grass and into a line of trees. Eventually Massicote, his partner and two other officers who had been in pursuit tracked Garland to where he was hiding. "I came around to the west of where he was and could hear him in the bushes. Challenged him once which he didn't respond," said Massicote. "At that point I called him by name and said, 'obviously we know you're in there so better to not make the night any worse than it already is. So come on out,' at which point he came out," he said. Follow @BillGraveland on Twitter © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Tales to be told about search for Franklin Expedition › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Fort St. James man missing March 22, 2017 A childhood of abuse, a lifetime of recovery March 21, 2017 IMSS founder forced out March 21, 2017 Seven charges laid in fatal rollover March 21, 2017 Woman at centre of dramatic rescue from Corvette rollover suing driver March 21, 2017 Tales to be told about search for Franklin Expedition March 22, 2017 Racer hoping for his Children's Wish March 22, 2017 Free windshield chip repair to start Monday March 21, 2017 London terror attack leaves at least one dead, several injured March 22, 2017 Pickup smashed into Hart-area business March 21, 2017 Kodiaks swing to medal in Kelowna March 22, 2017 Connor rink handed silver at provincials March 22, 2017 Midget Cats in contention for B.C. title March 22, 2017 Senior C lacrosse championship returns in August March 22, 2017 The science behind the magic of a wood fire March 22, 2017 Morrison back in time for playoffs March 22, 2017 History teaches critical thought March 22, 2017 A return to Reaganomics March 22, 2017 Bears, British rock and business assets March 22, 2017 Pay attention behind the wheel March 22, 2017 Provincial election issues POLL The provincial election is just two months away. What is the most important issue for you? Jobs Education Health care Government spending Environment or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us US communities crumbling under an evolving addiction crisis by Paul HANDLEY - AFP on March 19, 2017, 5:25 pm US communities crumbling under an evolving addiction crisis Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US communities crumbling under an evolving addiction crisis - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - Of the 2,900 babies born last year in Cabell County, West Virginia, 500 had to be weaned off of opioid dependence. In Ohio, counties are renting refrigerated trailers to store the mounting number of bodies of drug overdose victims. In New Hampshire, hospitals have so many overdose patients they have to treat them in operating rooms and neonatal nurseries. And in Palm Beach County, Florida, where President Donald Trump spends his weekends, 10 people died of overdoses on Friday alone, likely from a batch of heroin tainted by fentanyl, a powerful, synthetic opioid pain medication. After a decade and hundreds of thousands of deaths, the US opioid addiction crisis is entering a new phase. With the government finally cracking down on the free flow of prescription pain killers fueling the crisis, addicts are turning to heroin pouring in from Mexico. And towns, cities and states are being overwhelmed. - Overdose deaths surging - More than 33,000 people across the country died in 2015 from opioid overdoses, up 15.5 percent from 2014. That equated to a record 10 overdose deaths for every 100,000 people -- 10 times the level in 1971, when the US government declared its "War on Drugs" after a surge in overdoses. But whereas six years ago four out of five overdose deaths came from prescription painkillers like oxycodone and hydrocodone, now heroin and heroin-fentanyl deaths account for about half. In Cabell County, the overdose death rate was about 30 per 100,000, not even the highest in West Virginia, the state hit hardest by the addiction crisis. Lawyer Paul Farrell last week filed suit for Cabell and a neighboring county, Kanawha, seeking damages from drug companies for dumping massive amounts of addictive opioids into the state, fueling the addiction epidemic. "My community is dying on a daily basis," he said. Every sixth baby born locally suffers from neonatal abstinence syndrome, in which a mother's addiction is passed on to her child. "The hospital has to rock these babies 24 hours a day as they scream their way through addiction," Farrell said. He said counties like his had little choice but to sue to force drug companies to pay for the present and future costs of the crisis. "What we're asking for is not only to hold them responsible for blatantly violating federal and state laws, but to fix the damage they caused, so that we stop creating another generation of addicts," Farrell said. - Hundreds of millions of pills - How prescription opioid producers and distributors fed the crisis is made clear by previously unreleased US Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) data reported in December by the Charleston (West Virginia) Gazette-Mail. It showed that from 2007 to 2012, those companies sold 780 million opioid painkillers in West Virginia, 421 extremely addictive pills for every man, woman and child in the poor eastern state. Every state is feeling the impact. On March 1, Maryland Governor Larry Hogan declared the addiction crisis a "state of emergency," allowing him to draw on funds normally appropriated for natural disasters to deal with the problem. Two weeks ago, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a sweeping new campaign to cut addiction, after the city's overdose death toll hit 1,075 last year. "The pharmaceutical industry for years has encouraged the overuse of addictive painkillers," he said. - From prescription drugs to heroin - The surge in deaths follows a shift in the nature of the crisis. After the DEA last year ordered a 25 percent cutback in the distribution of prescription opioids, addicts turned to heroin. But that drug is frequently cut with extremely potent fentanyl, causing even more overdoses. "Everybody is starting to see a slowdown of prescription opiates. As you see supply drop, what we are seeing is an equal rise of heroin," said Farrell. "We are going to see an all-time high transition to heroin abuse in the next five years." To raise funds to deal with it, cities and counties are suing manufacturers like Purdue Pharma, which makes OxyContin, the most prevalent of the opioid painkillers; mega-drug wholesalers McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen; and pharmacy operators like Rite Aid and Walmart. New Hampshire, the New England state which rivals West Virginia for the rate of overdose deaths, has sued Purdue. "Last year we had 450 overdose deaths" in a state of 1.3 million, Senior Assistant Attorney General James Boffetti told AFP. "Their marketing exacerbated this addiction problem." Paul Hanly, whose law firm Simmons Hanly Conroy LLC is suing 11 opioid distributors and manufacturers on behalf of Erie County, New York, said the companies' behavior resembled that of neighborhood drug pushers. "Certain of the conduct that is alleged in our cases and the West Virginia cases do smack of racketeering and conspiracy," he said. The companies are fighting the suits, denying they are to blame. In a statement to AFP that reflected the stances of the others, Cardinal Health said: "We believe that these copycat lawsuits do not advance any of the hard work needed to solve the opioid abuse crisis ? an epidemic driven by addiction, demand and the diversion of medications for illegitimate use." Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share US communities crumbling under an evolving addiction crisis - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Mother-of-two one of four killed in London terror attack Aysha Frade was walking to pick up her children when the terrorist struck. London terrorist 'British-born' who was previously investigated by MI5 Mother-of-two was picking up her daughters when terrorist struck. Mum lucky to be alive after being mowed down in London horror Adelaide woman Patricia Neis-Beer caught up in terror attack. 'Where’s the poor little girl’s body?': Man charged over Cheryl Grimmer murder Melbourne man refuses to answer questions about where murdered Cheryl Grimmer's body is. No jail for boyfriend after Thailand jetski death Man killed at national skydiving event held in WA A man has died after a skydiving accident at a national event held in WA. Show Me More AdChoices Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS WATCH: Students rush to rescue drunk who fell onto train tracks in Boston Witnesses describe London terror attack Video shows woman falling into River Thames Internet roars with laughter at terrified kid's llama drama WATCH: Bull fighter cops massive horn to leg in horrific goring Lot of pain: Sydney woman whacked by parking gate Toddler trapped inside arcade machine Turtle named 'Piggy Bank' who swallowed almost 1000 coins dies Awkward! Plane passenger films stranger's nap on his shoulder Jilted lover sells ex-boyfriend's gear at garage sale OUR PICKS Man suspected slain son-in-law was having an affair with his wife Sally Obermeder's miracle baby Girl receives crude messages from 'groomer' posing as Bieber 'Don't pray for London, pray for Muslim ban': Hanson AdChoices MOST VIEWED WATCH: Students rush to rescue drunk who fell onto train tracks in Boston Witnesses describe London terror attack Video shows woman falling into River Thames Bennett unleashes after he and new girlfriend followed Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
null
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Is an All-Weather Buy Dollar General surprised analysts with great Christmas earnings. DG stock is digesting the news, but this is bullish long-term. Mar 16, 2017, 8:34 am EDT  |  By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor Get AMZN alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Dollar General Corp. (NYSE:DG) had a solid Christmas season, handily beating earnings estimates for its fourth quarter beat earnings estimates. DG stock isn’t flying on the news, but it is ticking higher, and should reward investors down the road. Dollar General said it grew profits 15% to $414 million ($1.49 per share) on revenue of $6 billion for the three months ending Feb. 2. Analysts had been expecting earnings of just $1.41 per share. The company also said it would hike its dividend 18% to 26 cents per share. DG stock responded with a quick 4% jump in Thursday’s premarket trade before cooling off ahead of the opening bell. Still, the result justified the faith of analysts like MKM Advisors, which called Dollar General shares a “long-term winner” less than a week ago. Those who thought good economic times might hurt results — and I was one of them — were forced to re-polish their crystal balls and take the criticism. The lesson seemed clear, and augured well for Dollar General (and its competitors) going forward. Lower-Income Folks Still Like Stores While middle-class retailers like Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) and Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) are hit hard by online competition — especially from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) — people with limited means still shop at brick-and-mortar stores. 10 Safe Dividend Stocks to Own During the Next Market Crash Even the bad news at Dollar General had a silver lining, because based on its numbers, the Christmas season was very good for its customers. Gross profit as a percentage of sales fell from 31.8% to 31.6%, but this was due to higher sales of consumables, meaning buyers were coming into the stores regularly. Same-store sales rose 1% because people spent more. The company had to take markdowns on seasonal merchandise and apparel, dropping prices to move the merchandise, as many customers found they had choices for Christmas goods. Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A) were up slightly, by 0.06%, as the company found it had to pay people more. There was a small gain of $4.5 million as the company moved out of 12 stores and moved into former Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Walmart Express locations. Dollar General’s dominance within its niche, in short, was unquestioned, and while the people in that niche were pickier, able to get rides to other stores if they didn’t like the pricing of Christmas goods at Dollar General, they were coming in regularly and buying more basic merchandise when they did come in. A Real Surprise The results were not at all what most analysts were expecting, which explained the abrupt rush into the stock before the calm hit. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/dollar-general-corp-dg-stock-is-an-all-weather-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Trump's Wall Street cop promises 'no favoritism' despite ties to banks World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Trump's Wall Street cop promises 'no favoritism' despite ties to banks Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech 4 myths -- and facts -- about online security Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance The 800+ club: Secrets of people with high credit scores Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz How to drink wine without removing the cork Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury The billionaires club shrank by 283 last year Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Target to open a new store across from Macy's flagship New York City location by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney March 20, 2017: 10:52 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble Call it the new Miracle on 34th Street -- a department store chain actually announced plans Monday to open a new store there. Target said Monday it will open a new store on 34th Street, directly across from Macy's flagship New York City location. The move comes at a troubled time for the department store sector, as online competition from site such as Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) pressure traditional retailers. Macy's announced in January plans to close 68 stores nationwide and cut 10,000 jobs. Last month Hudson Bay, the owner of Saks and Lord & Taylor made a bid for Macy's, a source told CNNMoney at that time. But since then it's been reported that Hudson Bay is now bidding for another troubled department store chain, Neiman Marcus, which said last week it is considering a sale of the company. Related: There is a retail bubble, and it's bursting JCPenney recently announced it's closing 138 stores, while Sears Holdings (SHLD) said it's closing 150 Sears and Kmart locations. Target's new Herald Square store will be 43,000-square foot and is due to open in October 2017. While that may sound big, it's actually considered a "small format" store by the retailer. Most Target stores are typically about 130,000-square feet. Macy's flagship store, at 1.1 million square feet, will be more than 25 times larger than its new neighbor. Related: America's favorite retailer is.... It's not just Target moving in on Macy's Herald Square territory. Nordstrom (JWN) announced plans to open a Nordstrom Rack store a few blocks south of the area just last month. Macy's has always had neighborhood competition. For decades its primary competitor, now-defunct Gimbels, had its own large flagship store in Herald Square, while JCPenney still has a Herald Square location. Target (TGT) is the nation's second largest department store chain behind Walmart (WMT). It already has two other Manhattan stores and has announced plans for two additional stores beyond the Herald Square location. Although it's faring better most troubled retailers, it's had its own problems as well. Last week it reported a disappointing earnings report and gave a gloomy outlook for 2017. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 20, 2017: 10:52 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Sears has 'substantial doubt' that it can survive Airline electronics ban: What you need to know Most diamonds in the world are cut here Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Recent News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market Liberian Registry passes historic 150m gross tons landmark China’s coastal coal freights drift in week to March 21 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Oil & Energy / Oil & Companies News / How Trump could keep a lid on oil How Trump could keep a lid on oil in Oil & Companies News 20/03/2017 President Donald Trump’s calls for deregulation of the energy industry could actually keep oil prices low, oil guru Rusty Braziel told “Mad Money” host Jim Cramer. If U.S. oil producers see some federal regulations lifted, that could lead to a chain reaction that keeps oil prices at bay for good, the president and CEO of energy consulting firm RBN argued. “Now they’re looking at a situation where regulations are at least expected to be dialed back, which is a great thing, which means that they’ll be able to produce for less money, which means they’ll be able to have lower break-even prices, which means they’ll be able to make more money, which means they’ll be able to produce more hydrocarbons, which means … perhaps we could make so many hydrocarbons that the price [of oil] stays low no matter what,” Braziel said. But Cramer noticed not much Trump-related news came to the fore this week, and the Federal Reserve remained tame and predictable when it raised interest rates on Wednesday. “Neither the rate hike earlier this week nor the Merkel-Trump confab could give the bears the kind of brutal sell-off they’ve been waiting for. Let’s see what next week brings, but if it’s only earnings that can hurt us, we look to be in pretty good shape given the overall health of the companies that report next week,” the “Mad Money” host said. With the bull market indicating full speed ahead, here are the stocks and events Cramer’s keeping an eye on next week: A Monday analyst meeting at natural gas distributor MDU Resources may shed more light on how the natural gas distribution company could benefit from deregulation in the area of fossil fuels, Cramer said. Tuesday welcomes a flurry of earnings reports that include General Mills, Lennar, and Nike. One of the strongest stocks in the S&P 500, Lennar has rallied 23 percent since the start of the year. “If the stock is going to stay up here we’ll need to hear a story of accelerating orders and estimate beating numbers on both the top and bottom line,” Cramer said. Calvin Klein parent PVH reports earnings on Wednesday, and while it may not boost the retail sector like Canada Goose’s IPO, Cramer said it’s “a terrific operator and has often been able to make a lot of money even when many investors have counted it out.” Technology earnings from Accenture, Gamestop, and Micron come down on Thursday. Cramer’s looking for opportunity in Accenture, which sold off even after reporting strong earnings last quarter only to come back full-throttle and trade above where it was when it reported. The last earnings report Cramer’s watching is for athletic gear retailer Finish Line. Cramer believes it’s trailing Foot Locker in terms of sneaker retail investments, and suggests buying Foot Locker stock if Finish Line’s earnings disappoint. On Friday, Cramer also took a look at the rise of eSports, a phenomenon that has turned electronic gaming into a national competition where teams compete for prize money, often in front of paying audiences. Cramer said that investing in video game makers like Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, and Take-Two is the most straightforward way to play this secular trend. Another logical play is the semiconductor companies like NVIDIA and AMD that support the high-quality graphics these games need, he said. But the underlying play, Cramer’s “sleeper pick,” is Logitech International, which makes the controllers, joysticks, keyboards, headsets and other devices used to play the games themselves. “Competitive gaming is booming and that’s more good news for Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, Take-Two, NVIDIA, AMD, and Logitech,” Cramer said. “So do some homework and see if any of these names are right for you.” But an oncoming wave of initial public offerings could pose a threat to the bull market and lead to a pause, Jim Cramer said. “Lots of people ask me, ‘what kills a bull?'” the “Mad Money” host said. “I always says that what ultimately kills the bull is supply, because the stock market, like any other market, is all about supply and demand. When the market’s roaring, more companies will want to come public, and sooner or later we get so many IPOs that the market’s flooded with supply and it overwhelms the demand.” That could result in the market pause so many analysts have been predicting since the rally began, Cramer said. In Cramer’s lightning round, he gave his take on these two caller favorites and others: Target: “It’s going down. Target is in the crosshairs, it’s in the crosshairs of Wal-Mart and Amazon and Dollar General, for that matter. Kind of a bad place to be. They’ve got to reconfigure, they’ve got to bring back the excitement, and I don’t know how they do that, but then again, I’m not the CEO, so I don’t have to worry.” Delta Air Lines: “Well, you stop wondering, start buying. I mean, Delta’s inexpensive, I like the business. I think the quarter’s going to be weak, but the year’s going to be good. DAL, it’s got a big thumbs up from me.” Source: CNBC 2017-03-20 hellenicshippingnews. tweet Share Previous: Shale’s Mister Fix-It: Saudi Arabia Next: Halfway into 2017’s oil supply cut, Asia remains awash with fuel Related News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval 23/03/2017 USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec 23/03/2017 Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market 23/03/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos MPA Workplan 2017 23/03/2017 IMarEST 114th Annual Dinner 2017 Highlights 23/03/2017 Stena Line Holyhead Port – leading the way in sustainability 23/03/2017 Ship ROBERT S PIERSON at the Glendale Bridge, Welland Canal 23/03/2017 March 22 Energy Commentary: Todd Colvin 22/03/2017 Maersk Oil – The future of the Tyra field 22/03/2017 Coast Guard Ancient Tridents 22/03/2017 MSC LEVINA – MSC SHIPMANAGEMENT HONG KONG container ship 22/03/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 23, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Limerick’s John Collison is world’s youngest self-made billionaire Eight Irish people now on ‘Forbes’ billionaires list Mon, Mar 20, 2017, 15:12 Fiona Reddan John Collison. co-founder of Stripe, is the youngest self-made billionaire on Forbes list.         Limerick brothers Patrick (28) and John Collison (26), cofounders of payment service Stripe, have made the Forbes billionaires list for the first time, joining the ranking of the world’s richest as the youngest newcomer billionaires. The Collison brothers, who are based in California, join fellow 20somethings Snapchat cofounders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy, in the newcomer club, while John has the added prestige of also being the world’s youngest self-made billionaire, as he is two months younger than Spiegel. The Irish duo, who rank in joint 1,795th place, each have an estimated fortune of $1.1 billion thanks to their firm raising money at a $9.2 billion valuation last year. Other tech newcomers include 33-year-old Kevin Systrom, founder of Instagram, who has an estimated fortune of $1.2 billion. The arrival of the Collisons on the list means that there are now eight Irish billionaires. The highest ranked Irish billionaire is Pallonji Mistry (77th) with a €14.3 billion fortune, followed by John Grayken (215); Denis O’Brien (348); Campbell soup heir John Dorrance III (745); Dermot Desmond (1,030); and Martin Naughton (1,234). O’Brien saw his fortune fall by $1 billion from March 2016, while Desmond’s fortune rose by €100 million, as did Naughton’s. Increase Overall, the survey shows that the number of billionaires jumped 13 per cent to a new high of 2,043 from 1,810 last year, as their total net worth rose by 18 per cent to $7.67 trillion, also a record. US President Donald Trump saw his fortune fall by about $1bn to $3.5bn the survey shows, putting him in 533rd place. Microsoft’s Bill Gates is the world’s wealthiest person for the fourth year in a row, with a fortune of $86 billion, up from $75 billion last year, followed by Warren Buffett. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos had the best year of any person on the planet, adding $27.6 billion to his fortune; now worth $72.8 billion, he moved into the top three in the world for the first time, up from number five a year ago. ADVERTISEMENT Zara’s Amancio Ortega and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg make up the top five. The number of female billionaires also reached a new high, at 227, making up 11 per cent of the list with a collective net worth of $852.8 billion. For the second year running, France’s Liliane Bettencourt is the world’s wealthiest woman with a $39.5 billion net worth. She is followed by Alice Walton, the only daughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. The US continues to have more billionaires than any other nation, with a record 565, up from 540 a year ago. China is catching up with 319, while Germany has the third most with 114. India, with 101, the first time it has had more than 100, is fourth.       Read More State faces ‘inevitable’ EU climate change fines from 2020 Google braced for questions as more big brands pull adverts Dalkey mixed-use investment for €2m US stance on trade forces rest of G20 to wait G20’s protectionism shift hits stocks as dollar falls to six-week low Nepal turns to GPS devices to cut hoax Everest claims The stakes have risen since Murdoch’s last battle for Sky Wolfgang Munchau: Britain and the EU will do a Brexit deal GamerCon set to issue refunds after weekend chaos Are women workers in the public sector paid too much? Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate Technology Sales of ebooks slide as readers prefer a book in the hand UK 1:35 Westminster attack: Irish person’s injuries not life-threatening Rugby England poised to have the Lion’s share in touring squad Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 13:06 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 12:10 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 12:02 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 11:29 Accenture’s quarterly net income up on demand for digital, cloud services 11:26 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 2 Construction boom could overheat economy, says ESRI 3 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 4 Does ‘robo-journalism’ pose a threat to reporters? 5 Is construction Ireland’s economic cuckoo? 6 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 7 Moy Park assures consumers in wake of Brazilian meat scandal 8 Irish gym software start-up Glofox flexes muscles as it raises €2m 9 Central Bank heavily critical of credit union regulatory compliance 10 Irish technology firm Fenergo is to create 200 jobs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 23/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Eastern Wake News March 20, 2017 9:12 AM Crime Notes: March 9-15 Harry Lynch Harry Lynch i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Knightdale arrests ▪  March 10, 10 p.m., Cedric Uriah Barnes, 32, of 9616 Fanny Brown Road, Raleigh, was charged with possession of up to one-half ounce of marijuana and resisting an officer. ▪  March 12, 12:14 a.m., Ruben Alejandro Gonzalez, 22, of 6 North St., Wendell, was charged with possession of a stolen motor vehicle. ▪  March 12, 12:14 a.m., Justin Mac Graves, 20, of 6 North St., Wendell, was charged with possession of a stolen motor vehicle. ▪  March 12, 10:05 a.m., Lance Christopher Littlejohn, 26, of 4732 Hidden Hollow Lane, Knightdale, was charged with failure to appear in court on charges of driving while his license was revoked, driving without registration and possession of up to one-half ounce of marijuana. ▪  March 14, 1:25 p.m., Victor Manuel Ortega-Corona, 16, of 7505 Golden Brook St., Zebulon, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon and communicating threats. Knightdale incidents ▪  March 9, 8:42 p.m., a drug offense was reported in the 900 block of Hodge Road. ▪  March 13, 12:22 p.m., a larceny was reported at Target on Shoppes at Midway Drive. Someone stole security cameras valued at $359.98. Wendell arrests ▪  March 10, 10:59 a.m., Kenneth Jerome Brown, 39, of 3405 Broughton Road, Wendell, was charged with assault on a female. ▪  March 10, 12:30 p.m., Aleya Lendette Sims, 19, of Zebulon was charged with failure to appear in court in Johnston County on a shoplifting charge. Zebulon arrests ▪  March 14, 9:15 p.m., William Leon Rhodes was charged with misdemeanor larceny in Nash County. ▪  March 14, 9:15 p.m., Bridget Michelle Jackson was charged with misdemeanor larceny in Nash County. Zebulon incidents ▪  March 9, 3:01 p.m., a larceny was reported at Food Lion on Wakelon Street. Someone stole cash and cards valued at $135. ▪  March 9, 5:08 p.m., a larceny was reported in the Walmart shopping center on East Gannon Avenue. Someone stole a purse valued at $100. ▪  March 14, 2:01 p.m., police recovered counterfeit money at McDonald’s on Wakelon Street. ▪  March 14, 4:50 p.m., a larceny was reported at Walmart on East Gannon Avenue. Someone stole a football and pain medication. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Eastern Wake News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:17 UNC's Williams on HB2: 'What we have now is wrong' Pause 1:26 Rescue puppy gets second chance with prosthetic paws 2:40 St. Augustine student killed in Washington, DC while on spring break 8:01 Seth Meyers takes some shots at NC political power grab 3:23 "It's tough, we're ashamed of the end result."- Luke Kennard, Duke sophomore guard. 1:08 NC State's Keatts: We are going to try to go after the best recruits in the country 2:25 UNC basketball team arrives in Memphis 1:32 Mike Krzyzewski on setbacks: 'That's OK...that's life' 1:12 Kidznotes students show off music skills 3:07 Wake County high school students brainstorm, prototype wearable technology Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 0:39 4 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 2:24 5 months ago Fields of Faith at Knightdale High 0:23 5 months ago Flooding along the Little River after Hurricane Matthew View more video Eastern Wake News FEMA will help revive Little River dam Knightdale girls soccer gets first win, routs Southeast Raleigh Wake weighs parental concerns on calendar, school time changes Wake County holds off on changes to school calendars, start times Wendell police offer advice after vehicle theft, string of break-ins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices IBM launches enterprise-ready blockchain service Reuters By Anna Irrera 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Love-cheat golf legend sues wife for £5m in divorce battle Islamic State claims it was behind Westminster terror attack © REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo The logo of IBM is seen in Los Angeles International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The U.S. technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver's licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world's largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Peter Cooney) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Thailand seeks new abbot for scandal-hit Buddhist temple Reuters Child victims of Mosul battle fill emergency hospital Reuters Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery IBM launches Hyperledger Fabric blockchain service for enterprises ReutersMar 20, 2017, 01.10 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit IBM BlockchainImage Credit Continue reading International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The U.S. technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver's licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world's largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SecureKey TechnologiesLinux FoundationInternational Business Machinesibm blockchainIBMHyperledger ProjectHyperledger FabricFabric blockchaincryptocurrencyCanadian banksblockchain servicesBlockchainBitcoin Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger More from this author Dawn of man: Ethiopian jawbone fossil pushes back human origins Furry forerunners: Jurassic arboreal, burrowing mammals unearthed SpaceX blasts off Falcon 9 to put weather satellite into deep space Related stories Is IBM Building Its Own Digital Currency? IBM is hiring for these technologies! Pizza Shop: We're Being Extorted for Bitcoin. What's a Bitcoin? Facebook, Amazon, Google, IBM And Microsoft On One AI Platform PayPal Maybe Sorta Kinda Slightly Accepting Bitcoin Bitcoin Refuses to Just Die Already FROM THE WEB Adith Is fighting something Worse Than Cancer MILAAP Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter! Milaap Here's Why Everyone's Obsessed With These Socks Cup of Jo for Bombas Socks What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.com Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016 VoteItUp Referrals John F Kennedy Quiz: How Much Do You REALLY Know About JFK? HowStuffWorks Quizzes MORE FROM GIZMODO Coded 4chan Post Hinted at Westminster Attack a Day in Adva Super Mario Run goes live on Google Play Store Lava launches Z25 and Z10 in India starting from Rs 11,500 Trump's Electronics Ban on Airplanes Makes Less Sense Every The Curiosity Rover's Wheels Aren't Looking So Good Yet another reason honeybees are screwed You May Like Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter Ad: MILAAP The Hottest Senior Living Communities Of 2017. View Pricin.. Ad: Senior Apartments Offers Start You Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life Insuran.. Ad: Gerber Life Insurance Company Moments Captured When It All Went So Wrong Ad: Auto Overload Save $200 On The Amazingly Light & Versatile ThinkPad X1 Y.. Ad: Microsoft My Psoriasis Story: The Mind and Body Connection Ad: HealthCentral.com Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now Now share your real-time location on Google Maps Hey IT, Ready for Conferencing without Chaos? Ad: Lifesize Moto G5 Plus review: The pinnacle of affordable Android Adobe, Microsoft working together on artificial intelligence Hindustan Petroleum to upgrade units using Honeywell technology Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo BSNL launches plan to provide 2GB data per day at Rs 339 Xiaomi could unveil the Redmi 4A in India on March 20 Lava launches Z25 and Z10 in India starting from Rs 11,500 Micromax launching a phone on March 29. Is this the one? Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Xiaomi could unveil the Redmi 4A in India on March 20 ... 13 Elements of a Cyber Insurance Plan Ad: Travelers Moto G5 Plus review: The pinnacle of affordable Android ... Lockheed Martin Has a Laser For the Army ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop YU Yureka Note - 16 GB (Black) ₹ 8999BUY6"HD Display,3GB RAM Apple iPhone 7 - 256GB (Black) ₹ 67999BUY256 GB ROM, 12MP Cam Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Gold) ₹ 15999BUY3GB RAM, 5000mAh Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger Uber president Jeff Jones call it quits Idea Cellular to allow 2G, 3G, 4G data recharge for same price Report: Microsoft’s Surface Book 2 might lose its convertible nature Indie Art Week Carnival: Soul-stirring indie music with a dash of comedy Amazon Alexa arrives on the iPhone Google’s Motion Stills update on iOS improves Live Photos Twitter to allow media firms to directly live stream EXCLUSIVE: China's LeEco to sell Silicon Valley site amid cash crunch - sources 1IBM launches Hyperledger Fabric blockchain service for enterprises 2Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger 3Uber president Jeff Jones call it quits 4Idea Cellular to allow 2G, 3G, 4G data recharge for same price 5Report: Microsoft’s Surface Book 2 might lose its convertible nature 6Indie Art Week Carnival: Soul-stirring indie music with a dash of comedy 7Amazon Alexa arrives on the iPhone 8Google’s Motion Stills update on iOS improves Live Photos 9Twitter to allow media firms to directly live stream 10EXCLUSIVE: China's LeEco to sell Silicon Valley site amid cash crunch - sources About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Huge Buffett and Icahn Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Transdigm, Herbalife, Navistar, Calavo Growers, Sears and More By Lee Jackson March 19, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet Another week in which the relentless strength of the stock market continued, albeit at a much slower pace. Despite a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, which had been well-telegraphed, stocks were able to still push higher. And like the previous week, insider buying remained stronger than we have seen for most of the first quarter. We cover insider buying each week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that while insider buying is usually a very positive sign, it is not in of itself a reason to run out and buy a stock. Sometimes insiders and 10% owners have stock purchase plans set up at intervals to add to their holdings. That aside, it still remains an overall positive indicator. Here are some of the companies that reported notable insider buying last week. Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway were big buyers this week, as they added shares of aircraft components maker Transdigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG), for which they also serve as a director. Berkshire Hathaway bought 104,967 shares of the stock at prices that ranged from $231.18 to $234.40 per share. The total for the trade came in at a massive $25 million. The shares closed trading last Friday at $240.05, so the timing looks good. The 52-week trading range for the stock is $214.65 to $294.38. The Wall Street consensus price target is pegged at $295.24. Another Wall Street legend was busy buying stock last week as well. Carl Icahn picked up a total of 372,324 shares of Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE: HLF) as he continued to add to his already sizable position. Icahn bought the shares at $51.35 apiece. The total for the purchase was posted at $19 million. Note that the stock closed the day on Friday at $56.45. The 52-week trading range is $47.62 to $72.22, and the consensus price objective is set at $68.25. Icahn also was a buyer last week of Navistar International Corp. (NYSE: NAV). He acquired a total of 423.404 shares of the truck and engine maker at prices that ranged from $25.37 to $25.92. The total for the buy was listed at $11 million. The stock closed Friday at $27.49, so it looks like another well-timed buy. The 52-week range for the shares is $10.30 to $33.46, and the consensus price target is $26.79. Calavo Growers Inc. (NASDAQ: CVGW) had the man at the top buying stock last week. CEO Lecil Cole purchased 95,000 shares of the avocados and other perishable foods distributor at prices between $55.44 and $56.92 a share. The total for the purchase was set at $5 million. The stock closed the day last Friday at $58.30, in a 52-week range of $48.745 to $71.48. The consensus price target is set at $73.17. Sears Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: SHLD) had a buyer who is a director and a 10% owner of the company adding to holdings. Fairholme Capital acuired another 281,900 shares of the troubled retailer at prices that ranged from $8.33 to $8.82. The total for the buy was set at $3 million. The stock closed last Friday at $9.05. The 52-week range is $5.50 to $19.12, and the consensus price objective is a stunning $4.00. These companies also reported insider buying last week: Carrizo Oil and Gas Inc. (NASDAQ: CRZO), Medifast Inc. (NYSE: MED), Medley Capital Corp. (NYSE: MCC), Occidental Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: OXY) and Sotheby’s (NYSE: BID). Wal-Mart and Analog Devices were among those companies that saw notable insider selling last week. For the second week running the insiders were buying shares, and at these levels in the market, one would have to describe the action as bullish. With first-quarter earnings reporting ready to start in about three weeks, the windows to make transactions may be about to close, so that could explain some of the increase in volumes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Lee Jackson « IPOs 4-for-4 Last Week with 2 On-Deck for the Week of March 20 Top 6 Earnings Coming Out This Week » Read more: Investing, featured, Insider Activity, Sotheby's (NYSE:BID), Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRZO), Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE:HLF), Navistar International Corp (NYSE:NAV), Occidental Petroleum Corp (NYSE:OXY), Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD), TransDigm Group (NYSE:TDG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores The Worst Counties to Live In America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Revisions show claims higher in 2017 than previously reported Four-week claims average rises 1,000 to 240,000 U.S. weekly jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 Why Is Skechers (SKX) Up 12.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is AptarGroup (ATR) Up 4.4% Since the Last Earnings Report? PPG Confirms Rejection of Revised Offer by AkzoNobel Global stocks, sterling hold steady after London attack As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Trump Tantrum looms on Wall Street if healthcare effort stalls Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Fanli mulls China IPO, aims for 100 billion yuan of online trading  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business internet & e-commerce IPO IPO Fanli mulls China IPO, aims for 100 billion yuan of online trading Fanli.com gets a commission by directing shoppers to reputable online stores, and claims to have about 140 million customers, spending 30 billion yuan on its platform last year. PUBLISHED : Monday, 20 March, 2017, 8:16am UPDATED : Monday, 20 March, 2017, 5:50pm Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail Related topics IPO Future tech Tech Trends Internet More on this story Companies Booming e-commerce growth is pushing China’s logistics system to its limit, promoting calls for improvements 23 Nov 2015 Global Economy Business leaders meeting in China propose global e-commerce platform to benefit smaller firms 4 Sep 2016 Companies China’s cross-border e-commerce trade facing uncertainties amid government regulation 8 Sep 2016 Other Sport Alibaba becomes major Olympic Games sponsor until 2028 19 Jan 2017 E-Commerce Chinese e-commerce sellers prefer Amazon for international access 20 Jul 2016 Related Articles Companies China’s mistress hunters cash in on cheaters 10 Mar 2017 Companies From ‘nude pics’ to a US$33b valuation – how Snap took on Facebook 5 Mar 2017 Start-ups Snap sparkles in debut, but surge could run out of steam 3 Mar 2017 Fanli.com, a Shanghai-based directory for online shopping funded by Walt Disney’s Steamboat Ventures, said it is considering an initial public offering on China’s A-shares market. “The accelerated IPO pace in China heightened our hopes for a share sale at home,” said the company’s founder and chief executive Gary Ge Yongchang, in an interview with the South China Morning Post. A domestic listing could help the Shanghai-based company with its target to more than triple the transaction value on its online platform to 100 billion yuan (US$14.5 billion) by 2020. Founded in 2006, Fanli earns a commission by directing shoppers to reputable online stores, and using cashback rebates to attract them. Among a dozen of so-called Chinese unicorns, or privately held technology firms surpassing US$1 billion in valuations, Fanli (返利) claims to have about 140 million customers, spending 30 billion yuan on its platform last year, a 40 per cent growth from 2015. Three of China’s largest internet technology companies – Tencent Holdings, Alibaba Group Holdings and Baidu – have all chosen either the US or Hong Kong as the market for raising their capital. That is a trend the Chinese market regulator is trying to change, as it offers incentives and fast-track procedures to attract Ant Financial, Zhong An Online Property & Casualty Insurance and other technology companies to list on either the Shanghai or Shenzhen exchanges. Regulators urged to have better understanding of tech firms to keep them listing in mainland Fanli, named by Deloitte as one of China’s top high-growth technology firms, earned nearly three billion yuan in 2016 revenue, or about 10 per cent of the total transaction value, Ge said, adding that the company is profitable. “When people go shopping, value for money is always their goal since they want to find the best products at the lowest prices,” said Ge. “We aim to expand our businesses to better tap the vast consumer market.” Fanli raised more than US$100 million of capital from investors such as Steamboat and Japanese internet retailer Rakuten. Ge, 36, said the company will focus on integrating its online and offline businesses to vie for a bigger share of China’s massive consumer market. It has launched a service that allows users to enjoy cashback rebates from physical stores. Shoppers who display the QR code of Fanli’s app to cashiers can receive rebates on their purchases, a benefit which is now available at 10,000 stores this year, Ge said. It will also launch the haitao (海掏) business – cross-border online shopping by mainland consumers – in April by partnering with retail giants such as Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores. Fanli also has a tie-up with the mainland’s top e-tailers such as Alibaba’s Taobao and JD.com to help online shops promote their products. “Our role in the e-commerce sector is to provide accurate marketing for retailers seeking to reach their target customers and help customers find the best products,” Ge said. “We have the technology that makes us well received by both buyers and sellers.” (Corrects the fifth paragraph to say “either the US or Hong Kong”)   Most Popular Viewed 1 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 2 What’s China central bank chief’s watch of choice? 3 European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 4 China still banking on ‘irreplaceable’ central bank chief 5 Why the tide is turning against the US dollar Shared 1 European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 2 What’s China central bank chief’s watch of choice? 3 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 4 Why the tide is turning against the US dollar 5 LeEco co-founder, global vice chairman resigns, on health grounds Commented 1 Cathay Pacific posts first loss since 2008 2 A family’s HK$200m bill during Hong Kong’s home sales weekend 3 Why Hong Kong is not yet ‘Asia’s World City’ 4 SHK’s Cullinan West flats start at almost HK$8 million 5 i-Cable’s demise has an important lesson about innovation       You may also like Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Smart-home control is at your fingertips In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 1 Soaring to new heights Sponsored by Mount Kelly International School Film & TV Hong Kong internet millionaire Kim Dotcom’s life hits the big screen 18 Mar 2017 - 7:30am 3 Hong Kong Meet the hero Hong Kong police officer who became a global sensation 18 Mar 2017 - 2:25pm 61 Opinion The dark side to Trump and Xi’s summit in the sun 20 Mar 2017 - 4:44pm 19 Insight & Opinion Another election in Hong Kong, another five years of the same 19 Mar 2017 - 5:37pm 8 China A new SpaceX? China developing system for recycling space rockets 18 Mar 2017 - 1:34pm 1 Hong Kong Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 17 Mar 2017 - 11:42pm 62 China Xi-Trump summit ‘set for April at Florida resort’ 20 Mar 2017 - 4:45pm 20 Hong Kong Hong Kong pay TV sector hits stormy weather 16 Mar 2017 - 9:05pm 5 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 19° Sunny High: 32° | Low: 19° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted March 19 Updated March 19 increase font size Maine public works crews playing whack-a-mole with potholes Gardiner, Waterville and other municipalities try to keep up with a rite of spring exacerbated by last week's blizzard. By Charles EichackerCentral Maine Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-621-5642 Share Comment Read Article Public works officials in central Maine say the late winter’s recent thawing, followed by plunging temperatures and a blizzard last week, have exacerbated pothole problems across Kennebec County and the region. “This is a bad year for us; we’ve had a lot more problems than usual,” said Skowhegan Road Commissioner Greg Dore. “Roads are starting to crack and fall apart.” A driver in Skowhegan maneuvers around the potholes on one side of Main Street last week. Staff photo by David Leaming Snow melts near potholes on Greenwood Road in Skowhegan, where one official says he's seen "a lot more problems than usual." Staff photo by David Leaming A car splashes through a pothole at the corner of Water and Bridge streets, a section plagued by the holes in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → The culprit is the freeze-thaw cycle, public works directors say, and while crews try to keep up with the road hazards that crop up regularly, it’s an annual battle and a rite of early spring, which arrives Monday In southern Kennebec County, Gardiner Public Works crews have been filling potholes with temporary patching materials as drivers report them. Gardiner Public Works Director Tony LaPlante said the cycle of rain and freezing that came earlier this winter has forced crews to return several times to the same heavily traveled areas. He called one prominent pothole at the intersection of the heavily traveled Water and Bridge streets a “frequent flier” for crews. Although they have applied a short-term, cold-weather patch to the hole several times, those patches come off when water gets underneath and freezes. His crews also make frequent repairs on Maine Avenue, the road that connects Gardiner to Farmingdale and Hallowell. “We fill ’em as quickly as they become evident,” LaPlante said. “We’re just trying to get by until spring.” Crews have to balance the needs of keeping potholes at bay against the risk that more snow could fall, LaPlante said. BLIZZARD ADDED TO PROBLEM Potholes are not unique to Gardiner. Across the region, public works crews are doing battle with the bane of drivers everywhere it’s cold in the winter. Waterville Public Works Director Mark Turner said the city has a few areas with significant pothole problems. In particular, he said the upper section of Main Street toward Interstate 95 has been the source of complaints. “That’s been our biggest problem area,” Turner said, while noting that a few sections of Spring Street had also been nuisances in terms of potholes. Both streets are owned by the state, he said, and are scheduled for summer repair work. Streets and roads fall into disrepair in the spring because of thawing and moisture from melting snow getting into cracks in the road, Turner said. When the water re-freezes it expands, enlarging cracks or lifting the pavement and opening the door to potholes. The mid-March blizzard that struck the state Tuesday did not do the streets any favors. The snow leads to more freezing and thawing and more plow trucks traveling the roads. As a result, Turner said crews will patrol the problem areas searching for places that need repair. In addition to Main Street and Spring Street, Turner said Gilman Street is also a problem area for potholes, and is also scheduled for summer repairs by the state. Hazelwood Avenue and the Concourse were also noted as problem areas. But Turner said crews check roads regularly. “Throughout the city it’s sporadic. We try to get to all of them as we can,” he said. So far this winter, Dan Brooks, the service manager at Capitol Car Care in Augusta, said he hasn’t noticed many serious accidents involving potholes. COLD PATCH ONLY A SHORT-TERM FIX While it’s tempting to seek redress from cities and towns for pothole-induced damage, state law says the damage is not the responsibility of cities or towns as long as a municipality addresses the pothole within 24 hours of being notified of its existence. Turner said that law protects cities and towns, but it does not apply if a city is doing some kind of renovation to the road and leaves it in disrepair or poor condition; it applies only to conditions caused naturally. In Skowhegan, roads have been hit hard this winter, especially after the recent storm, said Dore, the road commissioner. “We definitely have our fair share of potholes,” Dore said. “When it snows and the salt melts it and when the cold patch gets wet like that, it gets in the potholes and it pounds back out again.” He said his road crews did some cold patching of potholes a few days before last week’s snow, and now have to go back out to refill the holes with more cold patch. “It’s a vicious cycle,” he said. “Once we can get some hot top on the roads we’ll be able to fix them right so they’ll last, but this time of year all you can do is cold patch.” He said his crews are constantly playing catch-up with potholes. Bad spots in Skowhegan include Greenwood Avenue that leads to the highway department, where the edge of the road heaved so melting snow can’t get to the catch basins. Other areas include East River Road and Madison Avenue by the entrance to Wal-Mart. Dore said there is a product called aqua pavement or aquaphalt – compounds of asphalt and concrete – that works very well on heavily traveled areas, but it is also very expensive. His crews use reclaimed, ground-up asphalt from summer paving jobs as an inexpensive alternative to cold patch. Staff writers Doug Harlow and Colin Ellis contributed to this report. Charles Eichacker can be contacted at 621-5642 or at: [email protected] Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Maine's low temperatures for March 23, 2017: ColdTrac U.S. routs Puerto Rico to win World Baseball Classic LePage says Congress should slow down on health-care overhaul Horoscopes for March 23, 2017 House Republican health bill on the brink hours from showdown vote Feature obituary: Loss of Windham High graduate leaves a hole in the community After 40 years, Wiscasset mourns the loss of landmark restaurant Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Lost: A special report LePage says he might retire outside Maine because of tax hike, other ballot initiatives Woman who adopted plant-based diet, saw MS symptoms fade will speak at nutrition conference Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Freeport girl and her pet duck will be on national TV tonight Bill Nemitz: One comma left out gives judge pause in Oakhurst overtime case Sen. Collins says she can't support House health care plan in current form BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 18 Best Apps to Make Money in 2017 Josh Smith01/09/2017 These are the best apps to make money in 2017. You can use these Android and iPhone apps to make money on the side while you shop for groceries, run errands and wait in lines. Some of these apps will even help you make money from home. You need to watch out for catches, but there isn’t a catch with these options. When you use one of the best apps to make money you can help pad your wallet, fund your movie watching and even pay for a dinner out. Some of the best apps to make money on the side will pay you in cash, normally via PayPal. Others will offer rewards and points that you can redeem for gift certificates or airline miles. In addition to making money, you should check out the best apps to save money. The best apps to make money on your iPhone or Android. Every money making app on this list does let you earn money, but you will need to earn a minimum before you cash out in many cases. iBotta Pact Google Opinion Rewards eBates Gig Walk Offer Up Mercari Foap Clashot Shopkick Fronto SlideJoy Mobee Task Rabbit Uber Lyft Upwork Indeed We’ve earned over $100 with one of the money making apps, a neighbor earned almost $300 just by working out and with another our family already has $30 in just over a month. You can download these money making apps on iPhone and Android for free, without any fees to get started. iBotta - Make Money While You Shop   1 / 14 With iBotta you can make money while you shop. This is especially useful for grocery shopping and you can earn cash or gift cards. After spending just over a month Patty Smith already has $30.10 in rewards. She told Gotta Be Mobile, "Ibotta relieves some of the pain of doing groceries." You can unlock cash rewards by completing some tasks at home and they you can buy the products at a supported store and send a photo of your receipt to the app. There are 241 supported stores including Walmart, Target, Kroger, Publix, Walgreens, CVS and many others. Within 48 hours you'll have the money deposited in your account. You can also link a loyalty account to earn rewards when you shop. Finally, there are options to make money in the app when you make in app purchases through Groupon, Boxed, DoorDash and others. Download iBotta for iPhone and Android today to get started.   1 / 14 14 Responses 01/13/2017 osama Reply I have worked at SwagBucks for 2 months , when I requested my money (aftre many attempts) I get DEACTIVATED ACCOUNT . So I am now using GrabPoints app in my Mobile , I have get many successful deposits in my PayPal account . it is worldwide , trusty and guaranteed app , international works in all countries . Get #free gift cards with #GrabPoints! Start with 500 points with my invite code – ICZVNS. http://pb.grabpoints.com/site/?a=other_share 02/01/2017 James Reply Join Fronto to earn money on your phone. Enter ‘pennycash’ to get 1,250 Points when you sign up. https://app.adjust.com/3rpb8a 02/10/2017 Ajay Kumar Reply I Used Cashpirate app & i got successfull deposits in my account. use the referral code: PYJWUS to get 500 points at signup. Link to the app: http://bit.ly/2kt4le6 02/18/2017 lydia Reply I use this app for 2 day and get $10 payout with paypal, try, and get cash every minute, https://goo.gl/ql7IeI 02/19/2017 ABDO Reply DO YOU KNOW APPLIKE I MAKE WITH THIS APP 25 EURO IN 10 DAYS ITS THE BEST APP FOR THE MOMENT INSTALL APP FROM HERE https://goo.gl/tvJgjy AND YOU WILL BE A FRIEND WITH ME SO YOU WILL EARN 25% FROM MY EARNING AND ME TOO WILL EARN 25% FROM YOUR EARNING FOREVER AFTER REGISTER YOU WILL RICIEVE 4444 COINS AS BONUS 4999 COIN = 0.5 EURO = MIN CASH OUT YOU CAN CASH OUT TODAY 02/23/2017 Maria Reply Hi, I have a blog in case you want to see it: https://dondineritoito.blogspot.com.es/ 02/28/2017 Bentley Reply Swagbucks is my all time favorite, they also have a app. Join now with my link http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/CJBentley86 03/02/2017 Albert Reply This app is the best app to make money from on your phone! just download games and play each one for 2 min. and you get points! you can redeem these points for all types of gift cards, paypal money, etc. download now!- http://featu.re/QKNK8M use my code QKNK8M to get 50 point bonus. 03/04/2017 mvr1018 Reply Hi guys.. Do you want to earn $5/day or more(depends on your effort)..Visit my website for more info, tips and payment proof. Click here: http://www.wowapp-mvr1018.blogspot.com 03/10/2017 Money Squid Reply Hey Guys! Money Squid here. Number 1 is my favorite on the list, if you want to know the top 5 guaranteed money making apps for 2017 check out this top 5 youtube vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXeENkcDdNQ 03/19/2017 rahul Reply Earn using qumee app of chrome read complete guide on http://tricksrefresher.com 03/21/2017 Karan Reply Sri Gangngar 03/22/2017 tapon Reply Many thanks to You that you share with us, has published a great article. I really, really super happy with your work. However, Thank you again for your work will wait for the next great writing. Computer Technology Blog. 03/22/2017 Rahul Yadav Reply Awesome article.I was not aware about money making apps. Learned something fresh. Thanks and expecting a lot in future. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Thursday, March 23, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 32°F Partly Cloudy Thursday, March 23, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads A sporting chance? share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Home sales and prices both up in February 17,000 AT&T workers strike over job duties Owner of World Harvest, Strawberry Fields merging his markets Sears has 'substantial doubt' about its future × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business A sporting chance? Sun, 03/19/2017 - 7:00am | Ben Zigterman CHAMPAIGN — Around 2012, Dean Hazen opened a gun shop out of his garage, converting it to a storefront and taking advantage of the surge in gun sales during the Obama administration. Once his business, called The Gun Experts, outgrew its location, Hazen had a decision to make. "Basically, it got to the point where I was in a residential area, and my business had grown to the point where I either had to go to a commercial spot or stop," said Hazen, a retired Urbana police officer. He decided he couldn't compete with online prices. "I took a very serious look at going to a commercial location, but then when I saw what was happening with the online world, it kind of scared me away," Hazen said. Instead, he became a licensed transfer agent and now works with the online retailers that made a commercial location impossible for him. When customers buy a gun online, they select a local transfer agent, such as The Gun Experts. The online retailer then ships the gun to Hazen, where the customer picks it up after they fill out a federal firearm transaction form and Hazen runs a check on their Firearm Owner's Identification card. As the transfer agent, Hazen charges $25 per gun he transfers, and said he transfers about 25 guns a week. "You can't compete" with the online retailers, Hazen said. "They don't even have a storefront. They don't have all that overhead." Customers can often save hundreds of dollars by shopping online, Hazen said. He recently looked up the prices of a Sig Sauer handgun. Online at Buds Gun Shop, it costs $893; at Gander Mountain, the same gun costs #1,299. Similarly, a Ruger rifle online at GrabAGun costs $1,500, while at Gander Mountain costs $1,899. Becoming a transfer agent for these online purchases "is what I needed to do to survive," Hazen said. "It was very tough to compete." While Gander Mountain and MC Sports sell much more than firearms, they faced some of the same pressures Hazen did. Both recently filed for bankruptcy, saying they struggled with direct-to-consumer sales and the rise of online shopping. Gander Mountain said it would be closing 32 of its underperforming stores, including the one in Champaign, and MC Sports is expected to close all its stores. With MC Sports and Gander Mountain leaving, Champaign-Urbana will be left with one large sporting goods retailer: the combination Dick's and Field & Stream at Market Place Mall. Unlike Gander Mountain and MC Sports, Dick's appears to be doing relatively well. It recently reported strong year-end results showing a year-to-year increase in net income and sales, solidifying its position as the largest U.S. sporting goods retailer (besides Walmart) and one of the few remaining with a national presence. The local market may not be big enough to support three sporting goods stores, but Champaign County Economic Development Corporation Executive Director Craig Rost said the two companies' struggles probably play a bigger role. "There probably are some shifts with people buying things online," he said. Hazen said he wasn't surprised that the retailers are closing their stores. "People go in there and look at it and feel it, then they go buy it online," he said. "It's just the way that the market works." Sections (2):News, Business Topics (4):Economy, Internet, Retail, Technology More Business Home sales and prices both up in February 17,000 AT&T workers strike over job duties Owner of World Harvest, Strawberry Fields merging his markets Sears has 'substantial doubt' about its future More Business Home sales and prices both up in February 17,000 AT&T workers strike over job duties Owner of World Harvest, Strawberry Fields merging his markets Sears has 'substantial doubt' about its future Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News 17,000 AT&T workers strike over job duties Home sales and prices both up in February Area history, March 23, 2017 This day in history, March 23, 2017 Bond set at $100,000 for Homer man charged with aggravated battery Women’s clothing store coming to Market Place in April Solar panels at Waukegan schools generating energy Sears has 'substantial doubt' about its future Poll sees optimism grow with age UPDATE: I-74 accident scene cleared More Local News Most Viewed News Underwood next Illini basketball coach AD asked for waiver on Saturday Tate: What is Walker's next move? Tate: A whirlwind romance Who's Brad Underwood? Most Commented News Tate: What is Walker's next move? Underwood next Illini basketball coach Higher-seeded Illini heading to Florida? Blame it on Broadway Target plans redesign of stores to cater to quick shopping Anti-abortion doctor, 2 centers sue over Illinois health law Trending Now UPDATED: Whitman makes another hire Man gets 10 years in 2015 sex assaults at Champaign nursing home Whirlwind courtship with Underwood done in short order Underwood to Illinois: Oklahoma State's reaction UPDATE: Quick-thinking neighbors save 2 dogs from house fire Women’s clothing store coming to Market Place in April UPDATE: I-74 accident scene cleared UPDATE: SJ-O evacuated due to gas smell Urbana police chief resigns Higher-seeded Illini heading to Florida? Blame it on Broadway Top of the Morning, March 22, 2017 Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 48° View Live Radar Fri H 70° L 55° Sat H 74° L 58° Sun H 72° L 54° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Business Digest: Baylor School faculty promoted to new roles Business Digest: Baylor School faculty promoted to new roles March 19th, 2017 by Staff Report in Business Around the Region Andy Stultz Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press. Gallery: Business Digest +3 more photos Ken Garner Manufacturing names Prince as president Jerome D. Prince, Jr. was recently named president of Ken Garner Manufacturing, Inc., a manufacturer of counterweights for excavators and cranes, and other metal fabrications. Prince has been employed with the Chattanooga-based company for 30 years. He most recently served as vice president and general manager. He is a graduate of East Ridge High School and earned his engineering from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. Prince began his career as a co-op student working with Ken Garner, Sr., later working as a draftsman and then engineer. He lives in Chickamauga, Georgia with his wife Marla and daughter Molly. Ken Garner Manufacturing, Inc., has locations in North Carolina and Texas. Myers leads Design Studio, Winget named to head Elemi Matt Winget, a registered architect and urban designer, will take over leadership of Elemi Architects as the firm's Principal Architect. The announcement comes as former Elemi owner Eric Myers transitions to the role of executive director of Chattanooga Design Studio, succeeding Christian Rushing who died in February. Myers was the principal of Elemi Architects since September 2006 after previously working at Polis Studio and the former Chattanooga Planning and Design Studio with Stroud Watson, Karen Hundt and Rushing. "I'm extremely excited to take on the tremendous opportunity of continuing to enhance and improve Chattanooga's 'public realm'," said Myers. "I've worked closely with the Design Studio in the past and look forward to furthering its important mission as well as the vision of Christian Rushing and everyone associated with it." At Elemi, Myers will be succeeded by Winget, a seasoned architect and urban designer of 14 years. Winget has spent the last six years at Elemi, after working at Polis Studio with Eric Myers and at the original incarnation of the Chattanooga Planning and Design Studio. "As Eric continues the legacy of our friend Christian Rushing at the new Chattanooga Design Studio, I will be looking to continue the legacy of Eric and what he created at Elemi Architecture," Winget said. Elemi is currently working on the renovation of the Boynton Terrace Apartment towers with the Chattanooga Housing Authority. The firm is also working with Chattanooga Neighborhood Enterprise (CNE) on the construction of The Mai Bell Apartments in Highland Park and with Collier Construction on several single-family homes. Baylor School faculty promoted to new roles Baylor History and English instructor William Montgomery has been named Dean of Faculty at Baylor School, where he will serve on the administrative executive team, and will supervise faculty and oversee curriculum in grades 6-12. Montgomery will assume his new responsibilities on July 1, and will continue to teach one class in the coming 2017-18 academic year. Montgomery graduated from Baylor in 1992, and earned a degree in English from Johns Hopkins University. He then taught English, world religions, and math at St. Paul's School for Boys in Baltimore for two years, before returning to school to earn a master's degree in Eastern classics from St. John's College in Annapolis. Meanwhile, two Baylor faculty have been elected to leadership roles in their teaching professions. Mathematics instructor Andy Stultz has been named president of the Chattanooga Area Math Teachers Association, an affiliate of the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Stultz has a Bachelor of Science degree from Tennessee Tech, and a Master of Arts degree, also from Tennessee Tech. He joined the Baylor faculty in 2003, and currently teaches pre-calculus and geometry. Choral music director Vic Oakes, who also serves as executive director of the Chattanooga Boys Choir, has been named president elect for the Southern Division of the American Choral Directors Association (ACDA) and will be assume three-year term as president in 2019. ACDA is the largest and most comprehensive professional organization for choral musicians in the United States, including choral directors who work with singers in school, university, community, professional, and worship choirs throughout the country, and the Southern Division of ACDA is comprised of members in 11 southeastern states. Oakes previously served as president of the Tennessee chapter from 2014-16. Rettig joins Goodwill as head of operations Lance Rettig has joined Goodwill industries of Chattanooga as vice president of operations with responsibility for stores, supply chain, and marketing. He most recently served as an area manager for Goodwill Denver and is strongly committed to helping support Goodwill's mission of empowering people to achieve their potential and improve their quality of life. Lance's career spans over 25 years in the retail industry. He was chief operating officer for VinMart+ stores in Vietnam, chief operating officer for Reliance Market stores in India, and worked for 17 years with Wal Mart, including serving as senior director of strategy for the international division. Lance was also a board member of the U.S.-India Business Council Retail Committee in 2005, an executive member of the Coconino County of the Job Development Commission in Arizona and is the 1999 recipient of the Sam M. Walton People Division Award of Excellence in Wal-Mart. He has a Master and Bachelor of Science Degree in Speech Communication from Southern Illinois University at Carbondale. Smith elected to law group board Miller & Martin Attorney Craig Smith has been elected by the Mid-South Commercial Law Institute to serve as board member through 2021. Joining the firm in 2006, Mr. Smith presently oversees its Bankruptcy & Creditors' Rights Practice Group, directing various strategic initiatives designed to deliver comprehensive service to clients seeking practical and proactive solutions for their various insolvency, restructuring and creditors' rights concerns. For more than 30 years, Mid-South Commercial Law Institute has conducted annual CLE seminars on commercial and bankruptcy law. Business News is published each Sunday. Send information about new hires, promotions and business awards to onthemove@timesfreepress.com. More Articles Read previous article Hackers' delight: Businesses put selves at risk for invasion Read next article Business Calendar: Events and seminars in the Chattanooga area Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Early morning water main break in Hixson Fingerprint on beer can helps solve nearly three-decade-old cold case More details released after mother, daughter killed in separate traffic incidents Community begins to clean up pieces from damaging Tuesday night storm [photos] Catoosa County says 'no' to car business on Ooltewah-Ringgold Road Whitwell man recognized for rescue attempt at Ketner's Mill Pet dog dies in mobile home fire in Chattanooga Polk County officials seek identity of two people in burglary probe More chickens in Alabama confirmed with 'low-pathogenic' avian flu Bird flu outbreak in Tennessee, Alabama, Kentucky is nation's worst since 2015 Cleveland, Tenn., attorney censured by state supreme court Chattanooga bank robbery suspect arrested
Local News Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout An outpouring of help from the community for victims of fire Event organizers Laila Ismail, left, and Juweria Dahir, right, sort through some of the donated clothes for the roughly 90 victims of last weekend’s Lafayette Apartment fire at the Jericho Road Community Health Center in Buffalo Saturday, March 18, 2017. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) By Maki Becker Published Sat, Mar 18, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL When Mustafa Abdo saw the lights of the fire trucks outside his apartment on Lafayette Avenue and then heard his neighbor banging on his door, screaming at him to get out, he scooped up his three young children and grabbed his car keys. That was all he and his family had left after the fire consumed the building early on the morning of March 11. "Everything is burnt," he said this weekend, as he got ready to check out a promising lead on a new apartment. The smell of fire still lingers at the scene of the March 11 fire on Lafayette Avenue. (Maki Becker/Buffalo News) Lourdes Pena never thought that when she smelled smoke that night and she, her husband, son and pet chihuahua evacuated the building they never would live there again. In the days since, her co-workers at the Jewish Community Center's Early Childhood Center where she works in infant care, along with the families of the children she cares for, have helped her family get back on their feet. Aisha Abdulle is heartbroken that the building that had become a welcoming home to her and so many others is gone, but she is thankful her husband and children escaped the fire while she was working her overnight nursing shift. A week after an arsonist set fire to the Lafayette-Barton Apartments on the West Side of Buffalo, destroying all 36 units, the nearly 90 people who all escaped without harm are picking up the pieces of their lives. A microcosm of the West Side, the residents came from around the world. Many are Somali-Americans. Some are Hispanic. There are a few African Americans, too. A couple of residents are originally from Nepal. A few senior citizens called it home, as did several families who sent their children to West Buffalo Charter School, just across the street. The apartments were spacious, well-kept and affordable, and many enjoyed the friendly, family-like atmosphere. Apartment fire leaves dozens displaced, $2 million in damages Now, the displaced tenants are scrambling to find new homes and replacing their clothes and household items. They also are being treated to the kindness and generosity of their community. Fire victim Mustafa Abdo sorts through some of the donated items for the roughly 80 victims of last weekends Lafayette Apartment fire at the Jerico Road Community Health Center in Buffalo Saturday, March 18, 2017. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) Event organizers Laila Ismail, left, and Juweria Dahir, right, sort through some of the donated clothes for the roughly 90 victims of last weekend's Lafayette Apartment fire at the Jericho Road Community Health Center in Buffalo Saturday, March 18, 2017. (Mark Mulville/Buffalo News) A fundraiser and donation drive was held Saturday to help the victims. At the Jericho Road Community Health Center on Barton Street, volunteers, many of them victims of the fire and their families, spent the day sorting through mounds of donated goods. Later in the afternoon, the victims were invited to pick out the items they need. A slew of speakers were invited, including Mayor Byron W. Brown and Common Council Member David Rivera along with the firefighters who responded to the blaze. The donation drive began when Laila Ismail, whose family members were displaced by the fire, set up a gofundme.com account last Sunday night to help all of the victims. Ismail lost her home in a fire in Buffalo about 15 years ago when she was 12. Her pet rabbit ate through wiring in the attic, sparking a fire. She and her sister escaped on their own but firefighters rescued their parents who were trapped on the second floor. She remembered how the community came together to help her family, and she wanted to do the same for these victims. "I know exactly what they're going through," she said. Within minutes of setting up the gofundme account, her friend Juweria Dahir, whose family also was routed by the Lafayette fire, contacted her, and the two began planning a donation drive. They set up a Google form to help them connect donors with volunteers willing to pick up and sort  items. By Saturday, they had more than 50 volunteers helping, and mountains of clothing, shoes, toys, toiletries, bedding and household goods to restock the victims' homes. HEAL International, West Side Community Services and Jericho Road all got involved to help. The community room at Jericho Road was filled with tables brimming with donations Saturday, as more people traveled from around the region to donate items. Jeanine Purcell of North Buffalo brought a carload of sweaters, jackets, belts and household items to give away. "You need to feel each other's struggles and pain," she said, unloading her orange Subaru. Tom Morse of Lancaster (left), his wife Ruth (center) and Sister Charlene Fontane drop off donations for the Lafayette fire fundraiser. (Maki Becker/Buffalo News) Tom and Ruth Morse of Lancaster got a little lost on the West Side trying to get to Jericho Road with their donations. They ran into Sister Charlene Fontana, who also was bringing some clothes, and they found the Barton Street location together. "We read about the fire in the paper," Tom Morse said, "and we wanted to bring stuff for the people." Offering a prayer at Saturday's interfaith event was Imam Yahiye Omar of the Buffalo Islamic Community Center. His daughter was displaced by the fire. He remarked on how the fire brought together so many people. "This kind of tragedy has united us," he said before the event. "They are Christians, Muslims. This is solidarity. This shows us we are united." Monetary donations still are being accepted through gofundme and at M&T Bank branches via HEAL International/ Lafayette fire fund. Mariam Bakari gazed out at the tables and tables of items that strangers from all around Buffalo donated. "Seeing this much support, it keeps us moving," she said. Mariam Bakari was doing an online exam when the fire broke out on March 11. (Maki Becker/Buffalo News) Bakari recounted how she was doing an online exam the night of the fire when she smelled smoke. She opened the door to the hall and saw smoke coming from the laundry room. She called 911 and grabbed her two children. Her family has been staying with in-laws as they try to figure out what their next step is. After watching the firefighters battle the fierce flames that tore through the building and seeing the burned wreckage, now covered in ice and still smelling of smoke, the former residents marvel that no one was hurt. Firefighters were at the scene for more than 12 hours, and the damage to the building and contents was estimated at $2.5 million. Abdulle can't help but think about what it would have been like to drive home from her shift at Erie County Medical Center that morning to find that her husband, Abdifatah Osman, her 2-year-0ld daughter, Maisara, and infant son Sufian, had been hurt or worse. "Thank God for that, looking at the damage, that everyone came out of it as quick as they did," she said. "That right there – that's amazing." Immediately after the fire, it was believed there was just one casualty – a pet parrot. It was Pena's. She had left Elmer behind in its cage in the apartment kitchen, thinking they would all be back in a few hours. Elmer was a gift from a friend at the JCC who passed away. She was at a Red Cross shelter at St. John's- Grace Episcopal Church on Bidwell Parkway when she learned the bird had survived. A worker who was clearing out debris heard a noise from her apartment and found the bird. He tucked it into his coat and kept working another four hours before bringing it out. "I was very happy," Pena said. Many, but not all the apartment residents, were allowed to go back into the building for a few minutes while accompanied by firefighters to try to collect some items. Pena said she had seven minutes in her apartment. There wasn't much she could salvage. "We lost almost everything," she said. Abdulle had about 10 minutes in her apartment, and she was happy to find her wedding photos, flash drives of her children's baby pictures along with more keepsake photos that she had stored in plastic bags. Everything in the unit was soaking wet. "And it reeked of smoke," she said. But all the support she has gotten over the last week made her grateful for what she does have. "When something like this happens, you're heartbroken. You're in pieces," she said. "You just need someone to say: It's going to be OK. Its' going to get better. That's what the community has done. Through prayers. Through donations." Abdo feels as though he finally is coming out of shock. He had taken the week off from his computer and cellphone repair business and had spent the time trying to find a new home for his family. "Everything. Everything in that apartment," he said. The Red Cross gave him $625 in emergency aid for his family and he immediately went to Walmart where he bought clothes, coats and boots for his 5-year-twins and 3-year-old son. "I had to get them all their uniforms for school," he said. The twins, Mohamoud and Zahra, attend West Buffalo Charter. His wife, Fatima Sharif, is an assistant teacher there. Abdo finally found just the right place for his family Saturday morning. He showed a photo of the yellow house on West Avenue that he decided to rent. Mustafo Abdo shows a photo of the house he just rented for his family Saturday after they were displaced by the fire. (Maki Becker/Buffalo News) "I didn't want to be in an apartment anymore," he said. His kids, who asked all week what had happened to their apartment, were thrilled, he said. They have never lived in a house before. Abdo was among the volunteers helping out throughout the week, picking up donations. Some people told him that he had enough to worry about, that there was no need for him to volunteer. "I said: No, no, no. I have to be involved," he said. As the last of the donors brought in their goods to the Saturday fundraiser and the final touches were being made for the event later that afternoon, he nodded in approval. "Beautiful," he said. "This is awesome."   Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Albert from RI battles “Alex”; Kirk has excellent gaydar; High school coach exposed himself to players 3-22-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - LaVar Ball thinks he has NBA teams worried, 3-22-17 Dale & Holley   UNH and SI's Michael McCann with some insight on the Hernandez trial, Bart Hubbuch and Brady's jersey Weekend Shows   Christian Arcand: If I'm told Isaiah doesn't deserve a max deal because of his height again, I'm going to lose my mind. 03-19-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 55: Kirk has a proposal for Callahan and the Producers Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts It’s been three weeks, so what should we make of David... Chris Sale gives Yankees another dose of Chris Sale Latest Columns His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks a... Tim Tebow makes spring training debut against Red Sox, and it was a tr... @1:05 PM Bos Pit Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 18: Tom Caron Bradfo Sho, Ep. 17: The curious case of Carlos Quentin Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the... Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for... Latest Columns Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need wo... Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not... Latest Audio Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at... Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad... Latest Columns Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball: The NBA draft question Danny Ainge... NBA deadline passes, Celtics stand pat, and it's time to get real... Final Bos 109 Ind 100 Latest Audio Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Kirk and Callahan- Celtics lose after Thomas mishandles the... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the... Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss:... Latest Columns This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two year... As another meeting comes and goes, it's clear Bruins do not miss... @7:00 PM Bos TB Latest Audio The 1972 Bruins The 1972 Bruins National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB What to Expect from Trevor Story in Encore to... New York Mets: Final Predictions for Each Key Spring... NFL Seven Types of NFL Offseason: Which One Is Your Favorite... Biggest Needs New England Patriots Have Yet to Address This... NBA LeBron James on Cavaliers: 'You Can't Preach Toughness,... After All Their Progress, Clippers Find Themselves at a... NHL NHL Playoff Picture 2017: Latest Postseason Bracket,... NHL Playoff Standings 2017: Latest Stanley Cup Odds and... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand Late Night with Christian Arcand Mut's Best WEEI Host Bracket, 3-22-2017 Popular Audio  K&C- Kirk is done with Comcast; Gerry is in a bad mood;... K&C- Kirk says goodbye to Early Edition and Comcast 3-21-17 Latest Podcast  #DORK 6: Quentin Tarantino Movies The Real K&C – Potted plants & indefatigable pull carts... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens understands NBA concern about teams resting players Brad Stevens on why Pacers could be so dangerous for Celtics in playoffs » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Exclusive Bourbon & Bacon Fest T-Shirt Station Events WEEI with XFinity! Thu, 03/23/2017 11am WEEI with XFinity in... Fri, 03/24/2017 11am » More Events Contests 2017 Bracket Challenge Check your bracket status here. Presented by... » More Contests Boston Red Sox Super Bowl New England Patrio.. NFL Tom Brady Bill Belichick Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Trenni and Tomase - Pete Abe's tweets; Media objectivity 3-18-2017 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Trenni and Tomase - Pete Abe's tweets; Media objectivity 3-18-2017 Mar 18, 2017| Trenni and Tomase are discussing Pete Abraham’s racial comments on Twitter. Tomase defends his stance on Pete Abe and his tweets. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. He's training and tomorrow losing one's Sports Radio W yeah. Because never again John's a mossy break down everything would compacts the Bruins into all new England sports so it's too. My seat on Sports Radio WEEI. We can't possibly be racist because we root for the blacks. You know I'm. I don't care we have that token lights I don't care about I'll root for black player that doesn't really prove anything it's I don't wanna. I want to take this too far but there are probably people who own slaves who felt though that was my favorite back guy worked the hardest well last topic I don't I don't like that language this idea that. I rooted for Pedro I'm not racist like OK let's let's not let's. Let's ease off on now. I can. Now is Mike tolley giants rusty is big smile on his days ago I narrowed what you're at the slain you know what I regret about that yeah when nothing. Not nothing. Not even a slave part and no I I I believe that sorry Nadia I Zaria morning guys like LA I'm I'm the you want my honest opinion that particular defense. I'm not real IDO. I cheered for poppy I cheered for I watched Bill Russell played basketball like that's not a good that's a sign that's not a defense. I agree to a 100% beat and that particular point because I am I currently reading a book. That has to do I forgot the actual title list. But the sub title is. Race in America from Boston Debra plans that focuses on the East Coast in the north particularly in the fifties and sixties. And one whole chapter is dedicated to when Jackie Robinson. You know played in Brooklyn and people came out white people black people came out they love Jackie Robinson they cheer for him but when him and his wife Rachel tried to move their family to Connecticut. Lo and behold. They could not get a house in Connecticut because while they love cheering for Jackie Robinson and they did one of living in their task now some sailor that was a totally different Arafat is the 191960s. It does exist anymore. I beg to differ I don't think that because you can root for a player. You know of about not whites ethnicity that subtly your not a racist person. And I'm not saying everyone who says that feels I do I know that dip your toe into the lakes Avery poll that's one thing you know it was hers on point of view. You start to get things started to crawl like a crusher that I mean whatever you want me to not say when I feel. I want you say you fail vehement announcing hi. Now that is a simple first timer like slightly disagree I know that's cadets that they that they want more today you know he's right now Richard pry backtracked and recap where this all came for a finally joining China conversation. No yelling no screaming and name calling. That 6177. And he finds out and Agnes earnings and same thing at 779790. Three's avid. I just mostly in I was wearing Adam is an inspiring. Pete Abraham. Beat writer for the Boston Globe. We did something outs. Actually it was 88 there's actually a CBS sports sheets. About David Price sister status sister station. You know we are all part of one big family now I am. And someone hacked weeded. Had replied to the tweets. And including Pete Avon it. Saying IA never base my never wanted David Price anywhere I don't like David Price. And Pete Abraham chose then to respond I think it was even less than ours is better off without an off about them. And Pete Abraham responded when I've. Okay grand wizard. Which is that escalated pretty quickly so for those of you may not familiar with the grand wizards context that of course they had the kkk. I'd be honest I what I am when I heard the flak so you had texted me. And sagging have spent the last couple ours defending PGA classic that's why not why we need to defend heated what's going on would indeed wanted to do this time. At an actress about well I mean come on how bad can it be doable things out of proportion of the writers all the time. And I saw the exchange I was like. War low low low low low. I Amy I talked about while back he not know yet 0400. That came out of nowhere. I just understands. In such a highly did spice of time already. Why we would feed. In an act like I don't I don't know what. I know Pete Abraham I'm gonna pull up right now I know that he did apologize. And put out sort of attack on a notes. Again so the screen grabbed it and pointed out. An apology and explanation for his actions. I still don't know that it's not so eight's figure response was brag your friend John emailed me and I now realize I missed a cue for somebody else would set some vile things to me. He knows the story it was a stupid to read I did not intend to directed that you my sincere apologies and I hope you enjoyed the season. Is pleaded apology. I hope that's enough for me. Because it's not aiming. I don't each of which read down. But I don't you feel like maybe he should say let's see you everybody to. All readers listen I really went overboard on mess and I need to be more careful a new vehicle we hold athletes to a high standard we hold broadcasters too high standards. Pounding beat writers should be. Kept out about a big beat writer should be protected from I mean you still are a public figure and what you say it was. Really need. Should need to call someone are racists. Without any action proof that their racist is really dangerous because like we've had a conversation before that diminishes actual races. Yes I mean listen. I'm gonna steal a line from your but he Tom currently. This is a pebble and an army knew that as the pebble in your shoot them like I I couldn't really get too worked up because here's the thing is if you. If you scroll through. Fire back at fans who say seemingly innocuous things frequently so this is not news may be. Grand wizard part is taken it to another level which now bottling everything he posts had this summer pianists a lot of my best on the waterworks. I don't think. I don't I don't think the people who are going after he gave. Untoward or an hour particularly righteous I mean c'mon this is piling on. And and to be totally frank Blake it. Pete and I are not particularly close I don't think he cares for me and also I sort of laughed throwing error obviously Tomas he's just stick it up for his buddy. Wouldn't say we're buddies would not say where Biden I can I buy her by. For you not me but you have to put yourself in my shoes when I lock in that night with Mott unaware that this thing has gone nine. And he reads me comment and it's like reaction unlike I don't know like I haven't talked to heat. I have no idea of the context I have no idea between was deleted I had no idea the miss read something I have no idea as he says and I don't know I'd buy this buy. Taken at face value for now. Oh I confused you with someone else who's been a pain in whatever so maybe there's an act but no it's like you know you there is there's only one that. Appropriate response to that in it is to tee off. Without knowing anything and siren not gonna do that. I will say that that idea that you just completely slam colleagues just to slam them I'm not important in the wee Ellis I'm not bored. Am not now I don't it's China that's your Boller that's five at bats that you want to do by. Again it. No I actually heard the sound the next Danaher to the next day on the morning show. I was at what happened I didn't even seen a lot I'd go back that I had to try and find it tweets because they'd been deleted but of course people screen grab that. I do remember thinking how that is. How is that harsh that is harsh left turn. For aid otherwise innocuous comment and I guess the reason eight. It troubled me a little bit more is because this isn't the first time I've seen hands Pete Abraham sort of take. Something a little too far a lot of contacts and act speaking specifically of Michael Floyd signing when the video came out. Him being arrested. PDA posted the video and an attached to it. This is why things escalate this is why some do it again I'm paraphrasing that sending to the effect of this is why we have problems that the police this is steak they escalated the situation. And I concepts like he actually I I give to the police officers in Arizona and in the Phoenix PD yet a lot of credit I think they handled it with. Every bit of urgency restraint that they needed to handle it and that situation and you were dealing with someone who was absolutely need created and there are other lives at stake. Because he takes his foot off the break. Is it hasn't had his car parking goes slamming through an intersection and somebody can get really hurt like I don't feel that that was it. I don't like and I liked that videos like Al man goes way police officers weren't fair Michael Floyd because he was black guys I think that's why when I repeated comment I was like. What's going on here. I didn't wanna take to slam him but I did start to think what is going on beneath the surface like why this need to. Take things and make them about race when they clearly are it's. Which I think again I go back to you and I think it's big recalls I don't think anyone should stick to sports I think that's stupid I think if you're passionate about something and you see an injustice against another person. I think you should stand up for a person. But I think it Desi huge disservice. And I think it hurts. They're cries when it's like anything that you see is racist and anything you do is call people out is racist because that's a really. That's a really hard charge against. Yet and the Lily followed a grand wizard death and then yeah as I said David. Yet but I think this is to get on grass has doubled this is help our and I used to toys are anti this is 88 spoilers are no spoilers. I'll dot com or generational and as people who are introduced to those books every year. But everything is not as it seems you know it's a dollar anyway. Or attack on our way out racism so. Mr. Mike my problem is this is all sort of like part and parcel with the current climate. And the political climate. In this is something that those of us on the left and I am I will put myself front and center have been guilty of particularly as the election was gearing up and we are all it despondent and beside ourselves that trump was still. I figure we kept saying anyone who votes for him as a racist anyone who votes for him is a racist and you just start. And I'm calling myself out on this guilty set and a lot. And the problem is there are shades of gray it is not like that. But win new. That is sort of the base level of discourse now. You leak it leads to things like this people are just too quick to start throwing those terms around in those terms. Should be reserved for when they are really merited this clearly wasn't one of those cases. Yeah I just think that you know I think. Many of us have particularly those of us in the media do you have somewhat of a responsibility to take a deep breath and I know that it's hard I I you know I we all get attacked on social media we all get attacked on the air fire colleagues. And so I you know it's it's a big natural to get into a defensive mode about it. But I think that it's in there is a larger responsibility on people who write talked. Are on television for a living too. Maybe not wade and to the murky parts of the water. Yes and you know when they go low we Ohio I get again this is so out of left field poll based on turn out that I just was so surprised you know what I have a problem with though also like cool why do we care. Why are we breathing through. Pete Abraham's mentions bias CBS sports to find some yes are you know what I mean it will be once daily somebody's side some on screen grab not all I understand that but what I'm saying is. It'd be one thing if on his primary Twitter account he was like you know reach we'd sit and write all this guy's a grand wizard. But we're picking through responses. To tweets that we never would have even seen it. It's just that the way that it was presented it wasn't written in a story it was and we did from his main account to everyone. It was a dumb response to one person it's like a week is that overdue and now. We're gonna go and read through every ones are out on everybody why do every pass and I mean unfortunately and I don't think that most people like that I can't get too worked up about this and like he did something dumb. To it's he sent it to one person. I mean I you know I guess that people want him to lose his job five but she's like. Pack well I'd I'd I think this this idea of hashing everything out effort Twitter and raking people over the coals. For. A missed a week. Hayes. That's right to defend peed yeah like it's our hold gotcha kind of thing everything is a gotcha moment that we can all LOL about. And it's a solar and what do parents do not do not call in or tweeting me and soon you go listen though the Donald Trump and cyber when you are the president of the United States and you put it on your actual Twitter account. That is different you your health doing different standard if you write sports writer at the globe or the presidents are the leader of the free world debt and by the way everything like trump is doing things very publicly I think it's different than liked trolling. As our trawling and he'd be not trolling but trawling. Through the Twitter mentions a but he to see how he's interacting with people I don't care this this is not new I mean this is how this is how Pete has always chosen. To get in that sense PS IC yeah. Witness witnesses with his army clearly so that went to fire you know and I said that so what do. The screener I don't call screeners it's like there's like. We got some very different brands and Gary different things from try to get so mall although first the first pick all the scans for New Hampshire not so that I can answer what's it pats do that left tackle will. Well it won't exactly matter like a resurgent and come back to the 1230 are are you here is Alex Jon and Gardner job hunt under the show. Good afternoon folks thank you pay unless I totally sucked respectfully a minute a minute and a half. I'm not on Twitter nor any of the rest of the social media is good for you get a I want you damn kids but. We appreciate that. Contractually. I'm out of a little bit obviously but a but first what I don't want any chance at the fellow that was on the other kind of they've since tweet and tweet back thank you for the apology and much more on gospels and chancellor right. Thought on that session that was a mustache and I don't know I know he's been on curtain Cali and I think he's going to be in Monday with. Dale hall of speaker Kurt Kelly and it on the federal level kind of guy am unfortunately I'm a bit of a political nerd in. Whatever I and about a where I'm horrified that Donald. The difference other states I guess is insistence on. In the in the left right world can provide broad strokes broad brush. This is one of those issues it seems like some far more on the left want to portray a lot of stuff in it the racial terms. And some on the right lights faded. Three white middle aged guys 1 o'clock in a fashion that may be. Implies that racism is noble and that this is a done deal many but it would even hand. An issue of race for another two on taxes is shift you know full. Q and you made a point I mean because we hero worship athletes of any you know strike or manner that doesn't mean Jack in in the big school put things but this is just one little vision I work in the prisons that Bolivia. That's affected some of my viewpoint on things but. I'm one who think that some folks on the left should be most of you know there's a lot of U2 lead the discussion of how we got to this place. OK but there's a lot of problems in the black community that need to be healed in the black community in my opinion. And people on the right. You know know not everybody bit that was against Obama is racist of course not fumble Lamar I don't know the percentage. But it's just the all or nothing thing we just the left and the right again wanted to throw activity each other I don't know where it gets. I'm deputies are polarized times it's unfortunate out which I think is wide maybe this. Again this reply this one treats it as one person has need blown up larger than it normally would because it feels like it is. It's adding fuel to an already out of control fire. You guys filled in the context for me how I was saying in my without having read it that one that equity and told him there was no hint as far as I could tell anything. Around race but you guys filled in the thing that he. It was some spoken to somebody else than the other attract. He says he and I mean yeah I guess you can choose. Where do you believe that. I don't know but that's that's his that's what. Hope he's honest both but anyway I just take you know a left right issue again and while wonderful actor Ted each other not listen in yell and you know. Thanks for what you spoke about that. Now you present and stunt. So I will say we got notes from and Tweeter ironically enough some of Twitter message me to say bats. The guy that Pete called racists has made his account for ten I just I went just went to it and and fortunately. We can't see if he apologize yes I mean I and frankly I don't blame that guy he didn't ask to be dragged in the middle of this you know. All he did was act like a fan and say something that a fan what's day and the next thing you know he's a grand wizard so. Yeah I and I understand B there's no defending. You know what he wrote that. Now apparently and now we'll take a quick break your look and getting some treats her a couple of people that are saying this is not an isolated incident with him that he that PD default status sometimes so that is an exploration as well I mean act is. You know I know that our. Our companies try to let us be as open an anonymous an authentic as we possibly can when in her acting on social media interacting with commoners come enters and emailers. But there is also should be a a level of. Don't you know not to Barack Obama is on but it. Don't you don't have to go low Nagle and you can go high and Angola or you know you can do just not respond to go anywhere at all that's stop us some classy approach. Irene take a quick break and go back to your phone calls or write activists 617779793. Cent a. You're locked into training because generic and John Tomas talking perhaps reason more on Sports Radio WEEI. The in our society. A black man can be arrested for almost anything. He's probably. Sporting event. And saw some people pushing each other and he intervened. I wouldn't wanna go to jail for it. Saw the offense. Michael Scott on race relations. Let's show and says. Miss it miss Michael Scott to make you say yeah once he led lighting in Australia. Light and heavy situation. I should be pointed out by the way event as B. You know some do you play out wanna give you big Q tip I Ares status and they say not to clean ears but I think proselytize listeners you take a big Q tip clean out your ears. It out and about lack sensitive properly here. Out it's not an hour before where it is not a onetime incidents of bumpy Abraham. Negatively engaging with fans and taking personally. Slights against members of the rights acts. I honestly I feel like the bigger issue is not the grand wizard thing it's the wire you constantly jumping in to lie in wire to wire you David Price. Why do you care why do you care inquire you David Price. Who has to constantly interacting constantly not only that but it's not our job to stick up for these guys that's that's my point I mean I'll tell you. My favorite Red Sox though Ortiz of human spirit guided deal with all time. But my favorite person that I have covered in there in terms of I'd like this guy he's a great guy. J. D. Drew. J. D. Drew not very popular among Red Sox fans I understand that. And if you go back through the clips you'll see plenty of stories are I wrote about J. D. Drew and not being healthy wise and J. D. Drew in the line up blah blah blah I like the guy but that it wasn't my job to tell people what a great guy J. D. Drew once he retired. It's time now but. Love Jay Egypt Ager is a great guy passed and got. Its popular line. It's well played match will play gaffe it's not I mean when I was in Milwaukee John apps for it was like my theater guy I mean we can actually have real conversations. Com I knew him and his wife Carrie while highlights the whole family. But when John asked for started to sink I had no choice but to say John experts started distinct and and you cannot you have to their house to be this is why as a female. I I always say I hate that's my heat when reporters dates players are when they used locker rooms as their personal Matt stack cop. It is not a place you cannot have you can be friendly with someone and still have objectivity like I objective news about my friends of my friends do something stupid I might. Girl how stupid you in lake my sleeve comment I. And it might say Tom yeah I thought I thought that maybe steps every doesn't get any doesn't he went there UN UN chains and whips it slaves and stuff. Precedent was pretty. I was for an appointment. You can do that when your friends this summer when you are romantically and all there was someone that becomes much more difficult because there's a whole another level of emotion and feeling an attachment to someone. Sent him back serve went off the track their little bad that. It's not our job it's not a it's not hard times get our job to defend these guys on our job to date these guys it's not our job to be you know to invite them for a birthday parties like we are supposed to cover them. And and Dino. Cultivate relationships so that they can become sources for us we can go to them as we need something we have that sort of connection to the team and that connection to the team is not supposed to be. Hey my daughter's getting baptized on Sunday we'd like to invite you in your life over. Not our job in and it's definitely not our job to be on social media saying you know it's just not my job to slam or defend other reports. He had it's yet I mean I understand the the environment at WBI's probably a little different than other places and that we are more than willing and we in fact encouraged. It makes for good gradient in any good don't show goes after another show. It's compelling and listen to it I can tell you how many times I've downloaded Fauria fights with somebody or Kirk goes after this person. Holly does you know so I understand I understand it works for us. But I think we sometimes lose sight of the fact that the real world doesn't always work that way and so I know that. Kirk and those guys want me to blast off on Pete Abraham. And part of me says what I told you it's a pebble in your shoot not mine and I am not. I'm not to the ad is fired up about I'm not as required by this is everybody else I think what he said is stupid I'll leave it at that. But there's also a recognition on my part that I work with these guys every day and even. If Pete and I aren't currently fans of each other. There's hills Doris pack yeah he back I worked his ass off I will say that he works more than anyone he makes every road trip what ever. There is still a work place environment to consider and I'm sorry if I'm not gonna just blast off on one of my colleagues when I'm frankly not that moved by what had. Let's go to the phones shot and Watertown. Media's lack of objectivity what you mean this is gonna player out and. We have you guys say yeah don't write it to and are on hold about. Yes first I want it to eight John. I think. A lot of radio hosts have misconstrued. The week you're trying to make. As they were bashing used to kill you or wait so. Want your example meat eat. A little extreme content. I hate hate gates you port so. Are that I must say that thing. But yes I am concerned where are on the scene to be this growing. What our outlook activity. Amongst the media. But he knows the beat writers so to speak. Covering the specific team. We paired several incidents. Over the past couple years. That sector were pertinent question and the type of reporting work. Kind of treatment. I don't world human. But. For our in my line right right. I work social worker. Marquette number that clients who you are very attractive for a period of very clear ethical line. Professionally. Com bet you don't Crocs. Or you'll never work. And about parity. I guess in sect in what what you guys were part of that I can irritate the problem is for an expert Peter Abraham to respond. So intensely. And so quickly. To comment about a player is it concerning to me it's. I think that's fair and an app that's a fair take I mean honestly all of these people who are saying that. John Sullivan the globe sports editor needs to do this and that. The only thing I would say to he is Ari you know don't states there are lots idiots on Twitter just ignore them by. My bigger thing would be why exactly did you feel the need to jump in there and defend its player and that's what wreck that. That's the bigger issue to me I don't you know. People have to understand we are human and you get a whole lot of vitriol on Twitter and I know that particular line was not anything. I'd be on the pale. And whatever you know wet heat's off from that particular Tweeter but. In general you see a lot of nasty stuff day after day after today and as a human it does Wear you down a little bit so that's why I guess I am slightly sympathetic to his idea of well I've heard this stuff from this I mistook you for another guy because there is a lot of nastiness there. And anyone who says. I just ignored it doesn't mean anything yeah I mean you eventually learn how to do that but it's not his easiest it's as someday some days he's just an art and I acts act. I can't tell you how many times I've started to respond to some my power. Base specs but expects expects base you know I. I would say it like you know it's yes send our social media rules are pretty relaxed obviously tweet political things they don't have a problem with it but the one. Emphasis that is always made is be very careful when engaging people because it's a slippery slope. And when somebody insults you in and you insult and it can't. It can't get degrading pretty fast and I'm I'm I'm. Guilty of it which is why you know I've taken the steps of just not in her acting as often with people anymore try to slip on an in her act and go back and forth of people but. It's a point where like. I know myself well enough that I wanted to defend myself so maybe it's just better Bridgestone to editing at all because I don't want and up without a job because they said something stupid twit which is what you're okay now. You say something stupid to an tag. And there's no repercussions for them all the repercussions around. It just as sour is just doesn't make sense but I I I do think it's enters image chone brings up the fact that. Because again this is this is media as a whole right like there's this this lack of trust there's this huge distrust of media in general particularly on the new side that now it feels a little bit like. Instances like this starts making even did not trust the people that are covering your local sports seems like. What you're telling me we I would say we even see like an out of shock there. He's the patriots pocket. Yes which I've tried to argue time and time again Adam sectors not reporting things like Jimmy geez not definitely not going to be traded. Unless he were positive that he's really not he's not gonna let himself. Let's just ruined yeah are a lot who's exactly. Yes but there seems to be but I guess is I mean. The responsibility falls on us writes you. He hold ourselves to an Adams after. Tight standard not to go back and forth not to get caught and just being mouthpiece for the teams that we cover the players that we cover. And suffer the possible repercussions in the locker room I mean it's it is possible by the way do you say something you don't defend a player. And they and trust me they look at everything when they tell you I don't read too big to be the only person chiefly reads nothing is for sale yet. Everybody else who thinks sees things you have to have enough guts to. It's standard route it's gas and rock conceit. I'm Brian can read just like symbols he just knows numbers you know numbers six and nine. Boat media and the line in May or may not cross this is interesting to me Stephens Fall River. Why I'm well thanks I'm curious what this is about. And their role green you know he's cute he could swearing in the last I call like that so. Steve you're honest you're at least it gets your point it rates you point what's our line quite he would. Heard back in the gate agent. Was red sock that Matt Ara. That crash and it had a big all of these guys we all apple. And they they. Make quicker the worse. It. Maybe balanced child. Today a big interest thought all would have I don't know what. I don't Dalton will. That we would look back at the opening of the center fielder came from the bad. Show. But it could hit it in the bets that the that it. Suddenly dying and about a latest bossy center there's an edited an umpire. Oh Carl Everett her lover and. Carlin had Brooklyn uncle however it here. And I'm watching it there's. Credit. And won it yet and that's a lack after all what are you can. Excite me. Had no that was all point lead would you add it up probably walked right less of Allah. Right for the globe yeah I'm undeclared. It's it's probably Dennis Shaughnessy I am where we dancer and I am you know Steve instant ramble a bit I mean to listen I don't. I did actually disagree with the notion that reporters are closer to players now. Back in the seventies I mean it's well known Peter Gammons had a locker in the Red Sox clubhouse he used to shag fly balls. The writers used to fly with the team on the planes so you know all these guys now it's very corporate ties to like you know this as well as anyone. You'd go in there and yeah there's access. I actually rehab early on that airport Asians GAAP and but actually really getting to know guys having guys trust you. In this age of social media in this age of everyone's trying to build their own brand players and media. The ability to. Just have and sort of off the record. BS shooting session with a player it's not like he used to be act I scene changed even since I started. Well I mean I seem to change since I sort of covering baseball in nearly 2000 instant you know now you know decade and a half later. You no longer ice this you can stand and lean up against a railing and talk to a manager for two point when he fragments just two of you now the minute you walk up to somebody start having a conversation with them. It's like ever inserts lingering he's ever rice so afraid of missing something. And then getting screamed about it at back at their television station or their newspaper or their radio station. So there's just no you don't have that seeing you try to get a wanna want want with a guy now. It's like impossible the next thing you know cameras just hovering and we eating there and just like. Like flies on who hot day and it it's it's it's awful at least your cameras though that's knowing I get it I mean some of the cameras that way it was an unasked there. Critics so excited to be deck its three G-8. Oh. Being. This isn't yet ready to go ahead and got real knack first spring Jane. Brain again. Each other know they love it. So annoyed me snow and light. This is inside journalism no I don't care about the state very quickly you were down there were three straight days or Brian McPherson who covers the Sox for the Perugia. He had late one on one interviews of the most random guys Tyler Thornburg. Was whining thinks why hire might have been one before your whole thing when them. And all three times these random nondescript players he asked one question. You think it's one on one Al sudden. Every camera in the clubhouse. Is around these second tier players while the organized trying to ask questions about that I would like honor I would like and say listen guys I'm doing this one on one he can happen when an odds on that you do outside the argument is immune. Tyler Yates would be now on the ice packs stick to the three. It's no he'd rather and I'm a brewers and I'd rather play toiling away on a lot you're out there and Alina. It's like eight games who's who's who which it's just boom Joseph TV guide puts not TD boys when he gets asked exchange. It's so annoying and I am a television person nineteenth in TV. But I also cut I teach them new side. And so I was raised. In the industry a little more of the aggressive news gathering and I just some of the covers baseball the time. I just don't it's that hard asking good questions these stupid like sound ready and food treats me that it's feature heat warmth and I'm sure the fans armor clamoring to hear that. Talking again to Anchorage and angered Chinese Alley or take a broad included back to your calls six and 777979. Reveal your chance to talk all new England sports would treading into mossy. Plus Sports Radio WEEI. I'd like to invite them and us to do through the day Brad he might take months. That program relieved not yeah I figured that credit only orders alone to Hitler. Or a depending what is that they have what's been the fourth all white rights but a just this weekend that we will track down getting our equipment had a Monday and is organized mourn every month bring Britain to the station that's what I am 1000. I do like how Lima. So I have a scenic Internet superstars I've heard. Yeah Adam softball umpires in for a guy to make his Twitter account private. President body. Brad Brad welcome body movement I'm Bonnie there was this will help him keep up his anonymity by calling them Bobby Unser Brad. I over we're gonna takes your calls on this topic in camera movement now will move back about the Butler also going to talk to. Kevin O'Connor from the ringer who is the best young. Basketball reporter in the country am convinced he's a Boston kid he's awesome and he writes awesome stuff and European states are gone on in the Celtics having potentially number one overall pick. He wrote he really fascinating story of Alonzo ball these the only point guard. Who has one of the ugly shots at kerosene and yet he shoots. Over forward on threes now so we wanna see if if that Katrina was sabotage attempt. I would say 2 o'clock hour like red top of the hour tumor blocks RA let's go out back to finds Greg in New Hampshire about the show. Craig. Painting me as tenacious news Chinese. Yeah phone use my own doing. But I go to Kurdistan you know what kind the SX. Apparently the mood are right here is JT get the last word and PDA billions of mass C and stuff. Oh victory tribute that was the sections where there are under your. Mean how whenever I'm on the radio to look at John I don't want either or yell I'm not a reality. Bow your frequent caller we like yelling yeah. Why isn't it relevant. That the most popular players on writ large. And are unknown attachments on Pedro veterinarians. Ortiz I think the most popular player right now on the red boxes. Our monkey. I think. You might be required check he currently on her favorite players. And we don't say a turtle because Roger Clemens welcome popular Jon Lester wasn't that. Our unless there was popular and Clemens is but and you tell you listen if you wanna say. I'm just gonna argue I'm not arguing anything race related all of gonna say is do you think Clemens was more or less popular than Manny is Manny had his detractors asylum. He's an idiot but they're not many saw more. Sure many rent art and history I guarantee or a daughter love dimensions. You know ten years lol I love on. And fans got on Ortiz all the time rising whining about his contract so I mean yes these guys are popular because they're greatly outweigh Barnes should keep count is absolutely hammered they loved weighed by. Box no I looked when I grew up watching the Red Sox I loved weighed by. Allegra parts of triple and pension rights but you know we had Bard's. Not a our group fired arm. J. D. Drew not a popular player I just I know I'd. I just wonder why I say that are relevant. I'm saying that that's a crutch it's a crutch that a lot of people use when we're talking about the race thing and and it's the implication it's the implication because. Hey I root for these guys therefore. Bears and we know there are no races here. You know I I root for these guys you can't because you feel someway about a player. Does not mean that everybody else does and does not mean that these issues that some of these players experience. Now that Wal-Mart aren't the memo of pop or you pay almost all. In embarked in all of warrant when it comes to root for the Celtics patriots. I mean are overweight but I just yeah. I am a big Janet and I do I I do again in this book that I that I have been reading has been really fascinating and it really fascinating look breeze relations in the Indy northeast which has long been seen as a far more progressive part of the country than anywhere else. The but it's just. I would just say just speak highs you root for someone or you can you don't. Looking negative really up high and someone in a position of power in six ass who is either black. Hispanic. Asian Mary Kane bush slum does it mean I guess would be either real true bar and a measuring stick of what you really feel on the inside is how do you treat the person that you run into at the grocery store or the person you bump into on the subway. I that's where I say you just because you root for someone who is excellent in a sport for a team you root for what you're really ridding forest Epperson did you wealth for your team. Not necessarily for the community as a whole. Industrial Omar. Back in the Celtics were quite worried about Larry Bird there. A large large percentage. After mayor and embarked in wake of sorts. Because their book. I mean. That's well tomorrow. The lakers were also really really good at the time. I hear you saying that out of black people are racist black people are racist. And it. I'm I'm gonna go with what attorney talked about earlier and you mentioned Jackie Robinson people rooted for Jackie Robinson they didn't necessarily want to live and in their neighborhood and I think to say that. I grew up on these guys how long ago I mean that's OK I don't at all I'm a nice I I've I respectfully disagree that that sort of segregation is ancient history. Yes and in deep brown I mean okay so we'll go to the eighties. Or ninety's or in a late eighties early ninety's Steve Brown gets pulled over by the Wellesley cops who probably rooted forum as a Celtic but. Didn't know who he was at the time I mean did so this idea that because you root. For a player means that there's no racism but now that's. Sorry that's not how listen I have a friend who am I you know this is a private conversations I'm not an eight username but they are in the media. There they are black their husband is black and a big part of why they moved onto another marketplace because of who those. The races and they often felt here they would go to a bar and they would get help for a long time and we give them their bill right away. Maybe get into a taxi and people lag if they did a driver wade to treat them differently edges that avenue in Dorchester. Starter mat rat I mean there's just horrible when asked they live orgy that in Dorchester. They did not find a way to into the city and and you know. This idea that this is all disappeared and I'm not saying it's rampant. Or that it's an indictment on every single person who has whites can't are out there are Barack races on both sides are bad people in every ethnic group. Expected to completely try to deny that this still exists is part of the problem. Yeah and this is I mean I'm gonna sound like such lefty in there and a quote this in the morning and whatever whenever there's a very John does a very white point of view like. I feel this way there for our. Everybody everyone feels this way and this other person's experience while he can't it can't possibly be this is how I feel like. My individual love of something changes someone else's place in. In in the universe like that's not how works. It's not at that that something's where you know we talked about the soft fair Kurt I can mauled the writer for Newsweek. Wouldn't have been hospitalized for a seizure because someone who hates Jewish people's sentiment strobe light knowing that it could possibly get knowing it was apple and out of here is epileptic so odds it's it's again. They might it concentrated small amount of people I think it's probably bigger than most of us feel that may be also smaller than. And others feel but there is still systemic racism. In our society and to pretend that it doesn't exist to pretend that. Keating's comments came out of nowhere or that it's possible that you could root for Jackie Bradley junior but not want a black family to move into you I think that's I just think that's a dinner yet apart and that's what I was getting out with the comment that. Our including we have gone over the clock I as far as I have gotten a read little bit about the format he's gonna now. I'll look back to footballer gonna go back to talking about the Boller I also Paul McCartney hang on. And diet earlier comment is about things Serbian patient or gonna go to you we come back and turn intimacy. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the [..] + Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their [..] + Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the [..] + Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to [..] - Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two years With 11 games left in the 2015 season, the Bruins went on a 5-3-3 ‘slide’ of [..] + John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air [..] - John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air Force One, Clay Buchholz stupidity, other [..] Random thoughts while secretly hoping the Russians help me win the K&C A-Hole [..] + Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle [..] - Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not [..] Bill Belichick and the Patriots are always searching for value in free agency and a lot [..] + Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves [..] - Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at grabbing No. 1 seed in the east Don't look now but the Celtics are now in stride to top the Cavaliers for the [..] + Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season [..] - Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad Stevens’ approach to resting players late in season If there's one dividend from the early season injury bug that the Celtics are [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the playoffs When concussions cut Marc Savard's NHL career entirely too short, there was [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss: ‘I’ve got to be better’ The goals are not coming like they once did for Bruins winger David Pastrnak. [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the change’ 2017 appears to be the year of cryptic social media posts and Malcolm Butler is [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for 2017 The NFL is always looking to improve its game and these changes typically take [..] + Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on [..] - Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in trouble I want to believe David Price is fine. I do. But when that requires accepting the existence of [..] + Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind [..] - Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks ahead FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Most of life gets easier with repetition. SATs jump from junior year to [..] + Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the Patriots [..] + Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the moves [..] + Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their 4-2 [..] + Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- [..] - Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how to hit back Ready for some tough love, Celtics fans? Your C's are stumbling toward another early playoff [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Bracket Challenge for a chance to win $500, an autographed Celtics basketball and Wise Snacks for a year. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
