Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide News Local News |Featured: The Real Scoop Medicine Matters Education Report The Search Civic Lee Speaking Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Vancouver in the '70s Videos Westcoast Homes & Design Conversations that Matter Affordability Sun Run | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Crime VPD chief says robber shot at Canadian Tire had further ... Local News Premier hints at extra education funding after Supreme Court ruling Local News Daphne Bramham: The Americans are coming! The Americans are coming! ... Local News Realtors rush to East Vancouver hoping to parcel land and ... Local News $7.5 million missing from Richmond lawyer's trust account disrupts real ... 5 / 5 Masked men carrying fake guns taken down at gunpoint by Surrey Mounties Staff Reporter More from Staff Reporter Published on: October 16, 2016 | Last Updated: October 16, 2016 1:37 PM PST RCMP logo on a police car. Rachel Psutka / Postmedia News Share Adjust Comment Print Five men hanging around a Surrey Walmart wearing masks and carrying fake pistols were just “playing around,” police said Sunday. In a news release, Surrey Mounties said the group of men were seen in the underground parkade of the Guildford Mall Walmart at about 8:40 p.m. on Saturday. “Members of the Surrey RCMP immediately attended to the location, and located the group of males, some of them still wearing masks, and with what appeared to be pistols in their hands,” the release said. “The group of males was detained at gunpoint, and it was determined that the handguns that they had were actually imitation firearms. The group of males were just playing around, and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” Police issued a warning to the public that trained officers can’t tell the difference between real guns and imitation firearms until they can be seen up-close and properly identified. “Police have to deal with the situation as if the weapon was real,” cops said. White Rock mayor refuses to tap-out in irate debate over water... School board scrutiny mounts as funding pressures sometimes take toll: experts Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Latest Local News Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Staff blogs Dunfee, Zimmer lead the way for Fall Classic's record field to power through showers at ... REAL SCOOP: Author Aaron Chapman's engaging story of the Clark Park Gang Williams Park wind-up a fun, hill-side story for MEC Langley, super series rolled out for ... REAL SCOOP: Killer loses appeal in wife's slaying Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Masked men carrying fake guns taken down at gunpoint by Surrey Mounties Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Nicholas Eckhart/Flickr Did the Big-Box Electronics Retailer Ever Truly Make Sense? Written by Ernie Smith October 16, 2016 // 11:00 AM EST Copy This URL A version of this post originally appeared on Tedium, a twice-weekly newsletter that hunts for the end of the long tail. The big-box technology store isn’t dead yet—and in the case of Best Buy, it’s actually doing pretty well, beating financial estimates by a country mile. But as a whole, the concept of the sprawling electronics chain is far from its peak. In fact, it’s sort of another shade of the office-supply store. Despite that, investors keep trying to revive this idea. Right now, an investor named Ronny Shmoel is trying to bring Circuit City back to life as a physical presence, roughly seven years after the brand was mothballed. These stores have traditionally been pretty huge, somewhat faceless, and built with the same philosophies that defined selling appliances in the 1960s. (To put some numbers into the equation, the average Best Buy is 37,000 square feet, according to an estimate reported by The Star-Tribune in 2012. That’s relatively small compared to the average Walmart SuperCenter, which takes up 179,000 square feet. Both Walmart and Best Buy have been experimenting with smaller formats so as to hit different markets.) Here’s my question about all this: Does the format really make sense at all? When it comes to selling electronics, can we do better? That’s a tough question; here’s my attempt to unpack it. The tale of DIVX, Circuit City’s horrible alternate-universe Netflix competitor In 1997, Circuit City was perhaps at the peak of its powers as a retail chain, and it was in a position to help shape the way we used technology. Problem was, the chain’s big foray into the world of hardware production was horrifyingly inept, driven by film-industry interests, and put into place in partnership with a law firm. A law firm! (That law firm, Ziffren, Brittenham, Branca & Fischer, is one of Hollywood’s most powerful, by the way.) But that 1997 announcement of Digital Video Express, or DIVX, was an attempt to reshape the home video industry in a way most beneficial to the movie studios. The strategy, based on the then-new DVD technology, involved the use of encrypted discs that can be used over a short period of time, but become re-encrypted after the availability window ends. “The DIVX disc is never returned, and so the consumer never has to pay late fees. The disc becomes part of the consumer’s home video library, with additional viewing periods easily purchased through the Divx player,” a 1997 press release explains. “Consumers also will be able, through the player, to convert many titles to unlimited viewing for a one-time fee, and certain titles will be available for purchase in the store as unlimited viewing discs.” Almost immediately, the idea took on a level of hatred that could only be compared to the way that some people talked about Internet Explorer back then. A number of anti-DIVX sites soon showed up on the scene, with passionate screeds that earned notice in the mainstream press. John Giberson, a Texas resident, earned media notices by launching the “National Organization to Ban DIVX” soon after the platform’s announcement. So assured was he that everyone else would dislike the idea of DIVX that he simply linked to Circuit City’s website and told his readers to get informed. “[DIVX] makes early adopters of DVD mad,” Giberson told the South Florida Sun-Sentinel in 1998. “I think it’s a bad idea and so do about 500,000 other people that have hit my Web site. I want to see DVD take off and stay as an affordable product for the mass market.” Giberson and other voices soon helped set the conversation, helped along by the fact that Warner Bros. and Sony both opposed the format. Additionally, once you broke down the value proposition, it was clear that buying a DIVX disc wasn’t as good as going to Blockbuster, made problematic by an unforced error on the studios' part: They didn’t include any of the DVD extras on the DIVX discs, and worse, panned-and-scanned everything, meaning that the integrity of a DIVX offering couldn’t compare to standard DVDs. Image: Mike Kalasnik/Wikimedia Commons Another factor was simply logistical: Circuit City was the only firm selling DIVX throughout most of its life, and Circuit City was a big-box store. It generally wasn’t as close to your house as the average Blockbuster was, and its hours weren’t quite as good, either. But the biggest problem was that it cost Circuit City a lot of money, and that’s what did it in. In mid-1999, the DIVX debacle was shut down, with Circuit City having dropped $233 million in the hole with little to show for it beyond a lot of angry customers. Oh, and this training video. They got a training video out of it. It’s just one example of the problems that arise when you treat electronics like appliances. How CompUSA’s treatment of Apple fans shows just how poorly suited the big box is for technology In 1997, Apple was on the ropes, and needed a new distribution deal to get its products to the public. It went to the arms of a partner that it was familiar with. But ultimately, the lessons it learned from the experience led the computer maker to forge its own path. In 1997, the tech superstore CompUSA agreed to create a store-within-a-store concept for Apple, allowing the company to put a sales rep on the floor who could properly help Apple’s own customers make decisions. “We believe in the future of Apple, and we are making a large investment to show our recommitment to Apple,” CompUSA President and CEO Jim Halpin said in a press release at the time. “These specialized departments within our Superstores will offer a superior buying experience for the Apple customer.” Problem is, Halpin’s concern apparently wasn’t communicated down to individual employees. The Apple enthusiast site MacsOnly ran a page charting various consumer experiences at CompUSAs around the country, and there were a lot of situations where the staff didn’t really understand the platform. Understandable, to a degree, because it was during a period when the Mac had slim uptake. But not for a company that was supposed to be actively promoting Apple. Image: FIshstick/Wikimedia Commons Even famed technology columnist David Pogue, then a writer for MacWorld, had trouble. He went to half a dozen locations around the country, dealing with CompUSA employees at each location who seemed to have little to no interest in selling Mac-based hardware or software. “Whatever the excuse, CompUSA simply isn’t holding up its end of the sweet Apple deal,” Pogue noted. “In steering potential buyers away from Macs, store clerks make a mockery of CompUSA president Jim Halpin’s 1997 promise to make his stores ‘the Apple headquarters for America.’” So no, Apple couldn’t even get a decent presentation from a big-box store, so it eventually started looking into its own retail outlets. Those outlets, smaller and more specialized, did the job much better than a big box ever could. The ceilings are nowhere near as high, either. “Stores will still be necessary to sell products and services and to teach people how to operate in this new digital civilization.” — Carlos Slim, the Mexican billionaire, discussing his 2000 purchase of CompUSA for $800 million. Despite that seemingly sound bet, CompUSA faltered by 2007, with Fortune characterizing Slim’s ownership of the firm as “a rare misstep” for the world’s richest man at the time. Turns out, stores apparently weren’t necessary. When CompUSA closed its doors in early 2008, becoming one of many chains that have liquidated over the past couple of decades, the company gained a bizarre reputation on consumer blogs for attempting to sell products that did not work. The Consumerist, then owned by Gawker Media (which did not have a liquidation sale), kept an eye on the bloody toll. DVD players that were labeled “defective,” were being sold for $179.98. Shattered LCD screens, despite being no good, were sold anyway. People, attempting to buy stuff with cash, were turned away by store staff. In some ways, I wonder if the model for the computer superstore deserved to be left on the shelves in liquidation. These stores happened to grow into the behemoths they did not just because the computer industry grew, but because, in many ways, they were competing with every other type of retailer. Bed, Bath, and Beyond has huge stores, too; so does Michaels, IKEA, and even Old Navy. Computing as a medium is simply too mainstream, and a tiny Radio Shack store wasn’t going to cut it. One problem, though: For decades, people who sold computers never really figured out what the retail model wanted to be. Does it want to be built around heavy customization? Does it want to be an intensely personal experience? Should you get the chance to touch the device you’re about to buy, or are you better off just grabbing it in the mail after the fact? Should salespeople be up in your face or should they get completely out of the way? It took probably 20 years to get a reasonable answer to most of those questions. But big-box electronics retailers had to start somewhere, and rather than treating gadgets like some of our most important possessions, retailers long sold them like just another appliance. Computers are not washing machines—we work with them far too intimately, and we shouldn’t sell them the same way. The fact that computers are built through the same sorts of industrial processes that make washing machines must have confused someone down the line. With their boutique stores, Apple, Microsoft, and other big tech firms have figured that out. And even if the context is all wrong, it doesn’t mean the success of an electronics superstore isn’t possible: Best Buy is doing OK right now, but for a while, it was looking pretty shaky. Sure, Amazon could still eat their lunch—they’ve done it before. But I wonder what a totally rethought Best Buy would look like, unshackled from its roots as a stereo retailer. Like the devices they sell, electronics retailers can occasionally use a reboot. Topics: Tedium, circuit city, best buy, electronics, big box stores, CompUSA, DIVX Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended The Rise and Fall of the $100 Million Company That Taught America to Compute Early Efforts to Bring the News Online Changed the Shape of Media Forever Best Buy Turned the $10 Toy Into a $120 Wifi-Enabled Piece of Crap Online Black Friday Deals Are Just as Good as Offline Ones, Says the Wirecutter The Story of Shareware, the Original In-App Purchase The Surprising Impact the 1992 Presidential Election Had on the Modern Internet © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Gentilly Wal-Mart targeted in one of three weekend armed robberies walmart Tractor trailers sit parked outside a Wal-Mart Stores Inc. distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas, in July 2015. (Photo by Luke Sharrett, Bloomberg) Print Email Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on October 16, 2016 at 10:28 AM, updated October 16, 2016 at 10:36 AM comments New Orleans police are investigating an armed robbery at a Wal-Mart store in Gentilly. The incident was one of three armed robberies reported in New Orleans Saturday (Oct. 15) and early Sunday. A man entered the store in the 4300 block of Chef Menteur Highway at 11:26 a.m. Saturday, walked up to the customer service desk and slid a note to the cashier demanding cash, according to a preliminary NOPD report. Police said the man told the cashier he had a gun and would shoot everyone behind the counter if the cashier did not hand over money. The cashier complied and the man walked away, fleeing in an unknown direction. No one was injured. The report did not list the amount of cash stolen. No other details were immediately available. The Gentilly Wal-Mart location was also the target of a July 2015 armed robbery. Surveillance footage police obtained from the store at the time showed an armed man dressed as a Wal-Mart employee demanded cash before fleeing in a car. In a separate incident, employees and customers were forced to evacuate the store in August 2015 as a SWAT team responded to reports of an armed gunman inside. The search ended with no reported arrests. No one was injured in the incident. NOPD is also investigating two other robberies and an aggravated burglary that happened overnight: - A 40-year-old woman was robbed at gunpoint at 10:37 p.m. Saturday while walking in the 2100 block of Lapeyrouse Street. Two unknown males approached her from behind and demanded her money before fleeing. - A group of men robbed a 29-year-old man around 12:07 a.m. Sunday near the intersection of North Rampart Street and Poland Avenue. One of the men who was armed hit the victim and demanded his car keys. The group fled in the victim's 2005 Mitsubishi Lancer. - A man and a woman, both 31 years old, were victims of burglary around 2:37 a.m. Sunday when two men entered their home in the 4600 block of Alcee Fortier Boulevard and demanded their belongings. No other details were immediately available. Anyone with information about these crimes should contact Crimestoppers at 504-822-1111. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices

Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad About Us Other Opinions October 16, 2016 5:00 AM Wal-Mart parking lots epitomize decline of safe places By Bill Crawford LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Where is your safe place? Do you have one? Should you have one? These questions popped up as I read a story in The Commercial Dispatch. While the story was about universities providing emotionally safe places for students, it made me wonder about safe places for people of all ages in our communities. Once upon a time in Mississippi, local law enforcement could make whole communities feel like safe places. Growing up in Canton in the 1950s and 1960s, I felt safe at home, walking across town to elementary school, and riding my bike to the far end of town to work a night shift at the shirt factory. The only time I recall feeling unsafe was when one or more local bullies decided to whip my scrawny, well, you know. Progressing to present time, we find local law enforcement in many communities overwhelmed and unable to provide such preventive security. Perhaps nothing epitomizes the decline of safe places more than Wal-Mart parking lots. From a Bloomberg Businessweek story in August: “More than 200 violent crimes, including attempted kidnappings and multiple stabbings, shootings, and murders, have occurred at the nation’s 4,500 Wal-Marts this year, or about one a day.” From a Mississippi TV station news story: “Police have filed charges against one person involved in a shooting incident that happened at the Wal-Mart midnight Tuesday. Four possible suspects in the shooting have been detained.” As a result, more and more mothers, fearing for their safety, now scan Wal-Mart parking lots and carry pepper spray or guns to head off attacks. From a Mississippi “Community Watch” Facebook page: “White male tall skinny. Wearing work boots blue jeans and navy/black hooded jacket with it on his head. He approach (sic) me walking to my truck with (my baby) in my arms asleep. I already had my keys out. When I saw him when I walked out of Wal-Mart he was close to the grocery side entrance walking across the parking lot. I had already spotted him as suspicious while walking out. By the time I got to my truck he was literally about 10 steps from me and my baby. When I pulled my gun out he turned away and walked on by.” The Bloomberg story cited a senior police officer who can’t believe that a multibillion-dollar corporation isn’t doing more to stop crime. Instead, he said, it offloads the job to the police at taxpayers’ expense. If wealthy Wal-Mart can’t/won’t provide safe places for its shoppers, what are persistently robbed quick stops supposed to do? Or citizens facing drive-by shootings and home invasions? Most communities are too financially strapped to beef up police presence enough to keep all shopping areas and neighborhoods safe places. This is just one case where home rule would give communities options to address growing problems. Unfortunately, lawmakers in Jackson regularly spurn mayors’ requests for such flexibility. As for safe places, in more and more communities you’re on your own. Bill Crawford is a syndicated columnist from Meridian. Write to him at crawfolk@gmail.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Other Opinions Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:51 'It was bad': Homeowner describes her son's dog attacking two boys Pause 4:51 Sports Guys: Coast teams enter playoff mode 0:56 Schloegel Auditor still must comply with court order 2:07 Twins draw twice the attention to sister cities 1:29 Nick Mullens sets Southern Miss record 1:43 Destroyer John Finn (DDG 113) Successfully Completes Acceptance Trial 1:09 Stickers help keep memory of three-year-old alive 1:28 Stay Puft marshmallow man hanging out in airport 0:57 Wait -- is that horse at D'Iberville's 6A playoff game? 1:14 Veterans Day tribute at Veterans Memorial Monument Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Burlesque, bellydance in the spotlight in Ocean Springs 3:08 2 days ago Burlesque, bellydance in the spotlight in Ocean Springs 2:51 10 hours ago 'It was bad': Homeowner describes her son's dog attacking two boys 2:07 2 days ago Twins draw twice the attention to sister cities View more video Other Opinions Don't blame Comey for Clinton's defeat They say celebrity is fleeting, but they don’t know Trump Investment in education raises student achievement Protests don’t diminish valor of our veterans Let's shine some light on dark money Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Quick Finder More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive log in Ostaszewski: Back to the wall Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 10:11 PM Oct 15, 2016 at 10:11 PM By Lee Ostaszewski/Local Columnist Even the locker room is fighting back against Donald Trump. By now everyone has heard the video from “Access Hollywood” in which Trump brags about how he sexually assaults women by kissing and grabbing them and how he gets away with it because he’s a celebrity. He brushed the whole thing off as merely “locker room” talk. Well many sports figures, who spend a good amount of their workday in locker rooms, immediately went on social media to make it known that it’s not locker room talk. Imagine if Trump tried to deflect his awful behavior by comparing it to your work surroundings. Say you work in an office and he said it was merely “office cubicle talk.” Or you’re a florist and he passed it off as “flower shop talk.” Maybe you’re a Wal-Mart greeter and he called it “Wal-Mart greeter talk.” Here’s what that excuse would sound like, taking directly from his explanation during the debate last Sunday: "I don't think you understood what was - this was Wal-Mart greeter talk. I'm not proud of it. I apologize to my family. I apologize to the American people. Certainly I'm not proud of it. But this is Wal-Mart greeter talk." The second time Trump was asked about it, he continued to say is was “locker room” talk before veering off into a rant about defeating ISIS. How those two things connect, no one knows. For the purpose of showing how silly it all is, I substituted ISIS with Wal-Mart’s competitor Target. "Yes, I'm very embarrassed by it. I hate it. But it's Wal-Mart greeter talk, and it's one of those things. I will knock the hell out of Target. We're going to defeat Target. Target happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of Target." Assuming Trump doesn’t win this election, maybe he’ll want to retire. To keep busy perhaps he could apply for a job as a Wal-Mart greeter. Except with that video out, along with everything else he’s said, I doubt they’d hire him. WAL-MART HR MANAGER: “Don, can I call you Don? Don, I admit your resume looks quite impressive: real estate developer, former realty TV show host, one-time GOP presidential nominee. All jobs that require the same skill set that we look for in our Wal-Mart greeters. But I saw the video where you said you sexually assault women. Also, I understand you called Mexicans rapist and criminals, said POWs are not heroes because they were captured, tweeted during the middle of the night derogatory remarks regarding the weight of a former Miss Universe, thought your hard work was equivalent to the sacrifices of a Gold Star parent ... Need I continue?” TRUMP: “So when do I start?” HR: “Don, I don’t think you’re listening to me. I can’t hire someone like you to represent Wal-Mart. Greeters are the first employee customers see when entering the store. You would be the face of Wal-Mart.” TRUMP: “I’ll make Wal-Mart great again.” HR: “Wal-Mart is just fine without you. Honestly, I think it’s much better off. For one thing, I don’t think you have the temperament for the job.” TRUMP: “I have the best temperament.” HR: “A grown man tweeting angrily at people at three in the morning doesn’t sound like someone with ‘the best’ temperament.” TRUMP: “You’re the one with bad temperament. It’s the worst.” HR: “But even if you never said or did all these terrible things one fact remains: You don’t know anything about the job and don’t seem to want to learn. For instance, you seem to be under the strange impression that Wal-Mart only sells walls.” TRUMP: “They don’t? I like walls. Huge, long walls.” Lee lives in Medway. Email him at lee.online@verizon.net.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Communities Work for Us Milford Daily News Ads Find your Wicked Local town Ashland Framingham Shrewsbury Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Westborough More Communities Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston Wicked Local Site Services Subscribe E-Edition Submit Your News Find Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise With Us Contact us See us on Instagram Find us on Tumblr Market Place Classifieds Find Framingham Jobs Real Estate © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Opinion Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MetroWest Daily News, Framingham, MA ~ 33 New York Ave., Framingham, MA 01701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Business Region State news Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Pros & Colleges Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Theater Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Celebrity News Lifestyle Food Weddings/Engagements Health & Environment Home & Garden Boomers Pets Faith Family Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries Towns Ashland Framingham Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston More Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Photos Videos Readers Choice Branded Content Contests Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications

Share 32 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-13 Latest Wikileaks News: Whistleblower Site Claims It Did Not Support Any Particular Candidate, Suggests Files On War And Possible War Crimes May Be Released Soon News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump To Testify In Case Against Trump University? News 2016-11-13 President-Elect Donald Trump Meets With First Foreign Party Leader, Brexit Champion Nigel Farage News 2016-11-13 ‘We Do Not Forgive. We Do Not Forget’: Check Out The Anonymous ‘Message to Donald Trump’ Video Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Overwatch’ Strike: Crispin Freeman Talks Negotiation With Activision, EA, & More Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date Gaming 2016-11-13 Five Years Later, Pocket, Gear VR And Windows 10 ‘Minecraft’ Are Finally Getting The End BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Fun Facts About Redheads SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Smerconish: Would Walmart Hire Donald Trump? What About Hillary Clinton? Human Interest 32 0 0 October 15, 2016 Smerconish: Would Walmart Hire Donald Trump? What About Hillary Clinton? Scott Hough Andrew Ross Sorkin, a New York Times columnist and host with CNBC’s Squawk Box, appeared on CNN with Michael Smerconish today where they discussed Sorkin’s recent piece, “Were He Seeking Any Other Job, Trump Would Be Flagged By H.R.” “Andrew, would they hire him? Would corporate America hire a guy with all these revelations?” Michael Smerconish asked Sorkin with regard to the premise of his Times article: would Walmart hire Donald Trump? As someone who has exhibited the seemingly baffling behavior and had all the accusations levied against him as Donald Trump has, as previously reported by the Inquisitr, Sorkin had doubts that Trump would be employable with any company. “Thousands of employees have been fired or pushed out for using far less repugnant language than Mr. Trump’s words about how he gropes women,” Sorkin writes in the New York Times. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) employs 2.3 million people in 28 countries, as reported by Yahoo Finance Canada. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FYJUMBI86ns?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> Sorkin stated that the Republican candidate would probably give “any” human resources personnel with major corporations “heart palpitations.” The CNBC host and author went on to say that Trump’s actions would not be in line with what is seen as acceptable by Fortune 500 companies. He continued by listing things that are prohibited by Walmart, including “sexually explicit language; off-color jokes; remarks about a person’s body; using slurs or negative stereotyping; verbal kidding, teasing, or joking; [and] intimidating acts such as bullying or threatening.” Sorkin stated that it seemed that the Walmart list of prohibited actions was made specifically for Donald Trump, a point that did not seem lost on Michael Smerconish. Donald J. Trump, Republican presidential nominee. [Image by Sarah Rice/Getty Images] The host and the guest then agreed that executives, or any employees, exhibiting such wide-ranging questionable behavior would pose a “liability” concern, opening up litigation considerations most corporations would rather not deal with. Sorkin described a hypothetical company hiring Trump being left open to legal action if he subsequently acted inappropriately, particularly in light of what is now publicly known about him. Smerconish asked Sorkin if Trump should be given any “slack” because he was in the entertainment industry; making comparisons to “west coast” writers’ room litigation. The host may be referring to a 2006 ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court that, among other things, “trash talk” was part of the creative process, as reported by Gawker. The judges reportedly ruled that profanity-laced discussions among writers did not equate to attacks on an assistant. Sorkin replied that he felt that this was “a very different situation” and that recent revelations reveal an “unfortunate” side of Donald Trump. Protesters at Trump Tower in Manhattan in July. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] When asked if he felt that Trump’s personal brand might be “done,” as suggested by Mark Cuban on Twitter, Andrew Sorkin stated a belief that some people may avoid Trump hotels and properties in the future, but that if his companies continue to offer competitive services, most people would continue to patronize them. Sorkin called Donald Trump’s travel properties “great hotels.” The CNBC host stated that after he published his NYT piece, he was contacted by “several” CEOs who said they would not employ Democratic nominee and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton either, citing concerns over her private email server. Hillary Clinton has previously served as a member of Walmart’s Board of Directors. Every single @realDonaldTrump hotel and golf course is toast. Done. Over. Bernie Madoff now has a better brand. — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 8, 2016 Donald Trump's actions have made any Trump emp who doesn't quit immediately, toxic and unemployable by anyone else. Expect a mass exodus. — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) October 8, 2016 In July, Trump Tower in Manhattan was the scene of protesters calling for Walmart to stop its financial support of the Republican National Convention, as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC), United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE: UPS), and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) were reported to do, as reported by the Daily Mail. At the time, a Walmart spokesperson stated that the company was donating $15,000 to each party and that it was up to voters to decide. “The company is not taking a position on the election,” Greg Hitt, with Walmart, was quoted by the Mail. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Japan’s Oldest Male Heir To Throne Dies, Only Four Remain Now Read This: How About Some Good News? Here Are Some Positive Stories Happening Right Now To Get You Through The Post-Election Uncertainty Share 32 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Scott Hough Tags: Donald Trumo, Michael Smerconish, walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] Angelina Jolie Moves On After Brad Pitt Gets Cleared Of Child Abuse Charges ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Jake Harris Beaten, In Hospital As Brother Josh Gives Updates ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Sonny Confesses, Hayden Fights, Jax Opens Up To Alexis, And Franco Vows To Protect Elizabeth New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas EXO And BTS Will Be At ‘MAMA 2016’ — Both Popular K-Pop Boy Bands Will Headline The ‘2016 Mnet Asian Music Awards’ Luc Besson, Director Of ‘Valerian’ And ‘Fifth Element’, Discusses Connecting The Beatles’ Song To Trailer ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Did Kylie Jenner Slam Rob Kardashian, Blac Chyna’s New Baby? Here’s Why Fans Are Criticizing Her Mars Funnel Of Life: Scientists Insist Strange Funnel Surface Feature Best Chance At Finding Alien Life Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 46.1k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 77k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 23.7k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.5k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8.2k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Recent Headlines Man Charged With Abusing Dog With Fireworks; Animal Challenge Raises Money To Lessen Euthanasia 0 0 0 Kim Go Eun Playing Female Lead In K-Drama ‘Goblin’ Is Surprising Because It Is By tvN, The Broadcasting Company Responsible For ‘Cheese In The Trap’ [Video] 0 0 0 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You 2 0 0 WWE News: WWE Hyping Up Possible ‘SmackDown Live’ And WWE ‘RAW’ Trade Following WWE Survivor Series 21 0 0 Fun Facts About Redheads 1 0 0 One Direction’s Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, And Zayn Malik: Expect 4 Albums, A TV Show And A Movie Or Two From Them In 2017 16 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.

null
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times The Upshot|How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales? It Paid Its People More Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2e5IgCj Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Follow Us: Visit The Upshot on Facebook Visit The Upshot on Twitter Follow The Upshot via RSS Get the Upshot in your Inbox The Upshot Cover Photo A Walmart trainee perfecting a cereal display in Fayetteville, Ark. Credit Melissa Lukenbaugh for The New York Times Economic Trends How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales? It Paid Its People More Can the answer to what ails the global economy be found in the people in blue vests at your neighborhood Walmart? Neil Irwin @Neil_Irwin OCT. 15, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story BENTONVILLE, Ark. — A couple of years ago, Walmart, which once built its entire branding around a big yellow smiley face, was creating more than its share of frowns. Shoppers were fed up. They complained of dirty bathrooms, empty shelves, endless checkout lines and impossible-to-find employees. Only 16 percent of stores were meeting the company’s customer service goals. The dissatisfaction showed up where it counts. Sales at stores open at least a year fell for five straight quarters; the company’s revenue fell for the first time in Walmart’s 45-year run as a public company in 2015 (currency fluctuations were a big factor, too). To fix it, executives came up with what, for Walmart, counted as a revolutionary idea. This is, after all, a company famous for squeezing pennies so successfully that labor groups accuse it of depressing wages across the American economy. As an efficient, multinational selling machine, the company had a reputation for treating employee pay as a cost to be minimized. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story But in early 2015, Walmart announced it would actually pay its workers more. That set in motion the biggest test imaginable of a basic argument that has consumed ivory-tower economists, union-hall organizers and corporate executives for years on end: What if paying workers more, training them better and offering better opportunities for advancement can actually make a company more profitable, rather than less? Advertisement Continue reading the main story It is an idea that flies in the face of the prevailing ethos on Wall Street and in many executive suites the last few decades. But there is sound economic theory behind the idea. “Efficiency wages” is the term that economists — who excel at giving complex names to obvious ideas — use for the notion that employers who pay workers more than the going rate will get more loyal, harder-working, more productive employees in return. Walmart’s experiment holds some surprising lessons for the American economy as a whole. Productivity gains have been slow for years; could fatter paychecks reverse that? Demand for goods and services has remained stubbornly low ever since the 2008 economic crisis. If companies paid people more, would it bring out more shoppers — benefiting workers and shareholders alike? Deep in a warren of windowless offices here, executives in early 2015 sketched out a plan to spend more money on increased wages and training, and offer more predictable scheduling. They refer to this plan as “the investments.” The results are promising. By early 2016, the proportion of stores hitting their targeted customer-service ratings had rebounded to 75 percent. Sales are rising again. That said, the immediate impact on earnings and the company’s stock price have been less rosy. The question for Walmart is ultimately whether that short-run hit makes the company a stronger competitor in the long run. Will the investments turn out to be the beginning of a change in how Walmart and other giant companies think about their workers, or just a one-off experiment to be reversed when the next recession rolls around? The future health of the United States economy, and the well-being of its workers, may well depend on the answer. Pressure From Investors On the morning of Feb. 19, 2015, Walmart’s 1.2 million employees across the United States gathered — many in front of their stores’ vast walls of televisions for sale — to watch a video feed by their chief executive. Doug McMillon, wearing a sweater and sitting in the office once occupied by the company founder Sam Walton, more or less acknowledged that Walmart had made a mistake. It had gone too far in trying to cut payroll costs to the bone. “Sometimes we don’t get it all right,” Mr. McMillon said in the video. “Sometimes we make policy changes or other decisions and they don’t result in what we thought they were going to. And when we don’t get it right, we adjust.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story What most store employees probably didn’t know was that Mr. McMillon and his executive team, who had been promoted into their jobs a year earlier, were under extraordinary pressure from investors. They needed to reverse a slide in business and fight off threats in all directions — dollar discounters on the low end, Amazon online, direct competitors like Target and countless rivals specializing in one slice of Walmart’s business, from grocery chains to home-improvement warehouses. People were shopping more — at Walmart’s rivals. The company offers its millions of shoppers a simple way to make their dissatisfaction known. On the back of sales receipts is a message, “Tell us about your visit today,” along with instructions to log on to a website and answer questions about the store: Was it clean? Were they able to get what they came for quickly? Were employees friendly? In early 2015, the answers that poured into Walmart’s global headquarters were, in a word, awful. The people paid to analyze the company tended to agree, too. A report by analysts at Wolfe Research in 2014 included photographs from a visit to Walmart of a sad-looking display of nearly empty bins of oranges and lemons and disorganized shelves of crackers. “Walmart U.S.’s relentless focus on costs does seem to have taken some toll on in-store conditions and stock levels,” they wrote. The analysts wryly added: “If an item is not on the shelf, you cannot sell it.” The company had been busy raising profits by cutting labor costs. The number of employees in the United States fell by 7 percent from early 2008 to early 2013, for example, a span in which the square footage of stores rose 13 percent. Some of that reflects technological advances, like self-checkout kiosks. But when Mr. McMillon and a new team came in to reverse the slide starting in early 2014, they diagnosed the problem as having taken the cost-cutting logic too far. From store managers nationwide, they heard that years of cost-cutting meant Walmart had become viewed as a last-ditch option for employment — not the place that ambitious people might want to work. They were under such pressure to keep labor costs low that the employees they hired showed little loyalty or career-building devotion to their jobs. “We realized quickly that wages are only one part of it, that what also matters are the schedules we give people, the hours that they work, the training we give them, the opportunities you provide them,” said Judith McKenna, who became chief operating officer in late 2014, in a recent interview. “What you’ve got to do is not just fix one part, but get all of these things moving together.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story That is how Walmart decided to build 200 training centers to offer a clearer path for hourly employees who want to get on the higher-paying management track. And it said it would raise its hourly pay to a minimum of $10 for workers who complete a training course and raise department manager pay to $15 an hour, from $12. It said it would offer more flexible and predictable schedules to hourly workers. The news from Bentonville made headlines worldwide. The federal minimum wage had been $7.25 since 2009, and the labor market had awarded meager pay gains for people at the lower end of the spectrum for decade, facts that helped increase Walmart’s bottom line. Now, the United States’ largest private employer — Walmart has about 2.3 million workers around the world — was signaling it was about to gingerly try a different approach, putting $2.7 billion where its mouth was. Walmart says its average pay for a full-time nonmanagerial employee is now $13.69 an hour, up 16 percent since early 2014. In the same span, consumer prices have risen 2.1 percent. Back to the Classroom On a Thursday morning in late summer, at a Walmart Supercenter No. 359 in Fayetteville, Walmart trainees followed instructors around to learn what this particular store was doing right, and wrong, on this particular day. Teresa Rasberry praised a display of University of Arkansas tailgating equipment — coolers, grills and folding chairs — complemented by a fluttering effect created by putting electric fans beneath overhead banners for Razorbacks football. Photo Teresa Rasberry, an instructor, teaches Walmart employees how to make attractive displays, like lining up bottles so they make vertical stripes of color. Credit Melissa Lukenbaugh for The New York Times “See how it pulls the eye?” she asked the trainees. “Step back and think about how the customer sees it.” Not so good was an end display of Mr. Clean, in which the various colors of the cleaning solution were jumbled together. Lining up the bottles so they make vertical stripes of color pulls more buyers in, she said. “It may sound silly,” Ms. Rasberry said, “but it works! I’ve tested it myself!” Back in a classroom, Walmart department managers discussed why a $15.86 bottle of Clairol hair coloring might be a bad fit for a store located in a place with an $80,000 average income. Women in that income bracket are more likely to get their hair colored at a salon, an instructor, Amanda Forslund, explained. This is one of the first of Walmart’s planned 200 training academies. New department managers will come in for two weeks of training covering general retail principles (customer service, inventory management) as well as specialized training for their specific area (the bakery or electronics, for example). Advertisement Continue reading the main story Walmart’s pay increases got most of the attention. But the new training and prospect of better career paths for hourly staff members could be more significant in the long term. It’s not that the retail industry doesn’t offer potential paths to good incomes. Starting pay for an assistant store manager at Walmart is $48,500, and the manager of one of its large stores can make comfortably above $100,000. The problem — described by Walmart managers and people outside the company who study labor markets — is that there is no clear path for an entry-level worker to get there. Much training is impromptu, and chains have tended to view their hourly workers as interchangeable cogs rather than resources worth investing in. That reputation has been particularly strong at Walmart. “I didn’t used to think this would be something I would want to do, to work at Walmart,” said Garrett Watts, a 22-year-old newly promoted customer service manager at a store in Fayetteville. “There’s a stigma with it. It used to be, if you worked at a Walmart, it was the equivalent of a fast-food restaurant.” Photo Garrett Watts runs customer services for a Walmart in Fayettville, Ark. He was hired at $9 an hour and now makes $13. He is setting his sights on an assistant store manager job. Credit Melissa Lukenbaugh for The New York Times He had gone to college for two years, suspended his education and was working as a desk clerk at a hotel when he switched to Walmart this year, lured not by the starting wage but by what he had heard from a friend about the potential to rise within a giant company. He was soon promoted to department manager and runs customer services for the store. He was hired at $9 an hour and now makes $13. “I wanted something that wasn’t a stopgap, but could be a real career,” Mr. Watts said. He is starting to set his sights on one of those $48,000-a-year assistant store manager jobs. ‘Step in the Right Direction’ Walmart’s announcement of what it refers to as “the investments,” made during the all-staff videoconference in 2015, became something of a Rorschach test. To macroeconomists, it suggested that a falling unemployment rate was finally creating the response that theory suggests it should: employers raising wages to attract the workers they need. First Draft Political news and analysis from the staff of The New York Times. Sign-up for free NYT Newsletters Morning BriefingSubscribed News to start your day, weekdays Opinion TodaySubscribed Thought-provoking commentary, weekdays CookingSubscribed Delicious recipes and more, 5 times a week Race/RelatedSubscribed A provocative exploration of race, biweekly Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy To labor activists, it was a sign that political campaigns to raise the minimum wage were paying off. To Wall Street analysts, it was the company owning up to the weaknesses long apparent in customer surveys and sales numbers. And in the company’s own framing, it was about doing the right thing. “It’s clear to me that one of the highest priorities today must be an investment in you, our associates,” Mr. McMillon said in the video. Advertisement Continue reading the main story It was all of these things, Ms. McKenna acknowledged. The improving economy made it harder for Walmart to get good workers without paying more. Political momentum toward a higher minimum wage meant that entry-level pay would soon be rising in many places anyway. And executives really had concluded that customer service woes and slumping sales were because of underinvestment in employees. To some critics, though, it still amounted to a half-measure, and one framed to maximize public attention. “In our minds this is certainly a step in the right direction, but it’s typical Walmart in that it’s minimal and there’s a lot of spin on top of what’s really happening,” said Daniel Schlademan, a founder of the labor group Our Walmart, which wants the company to have a starting wage of $15 an hour. In particular, new hires typically do not receive the $10 minimum wage until they finish a training program that is supposed to take six months but frequently stretches longer. And a promised increase in the predictability and flexibility of hourly workers’ schedules is being tested in only 650 smaller “neighborhood market” stores. It has not been rolled out to the full 4,500 Walmarts. “The economic reality is that they put a great deal of pressure on managers to keep labor costs and hours down,” Mr. Schlademan said. And the actions fall well short of what Zeynep Ton, an associate professor of operations at the Sloan School of Business at M.I.T., calls a “good jobs strategy,” in which a retailer builds its entire operating philosophy around better-compensated staff members who are empowered to make decisions. Companies like Costco and the grocer Wegman’s have a base pay closer to that of what the retail activists seek and are successful by many measures. (Costco pays entry-level workers at least $13 an hour, with hourly pay reaching up to $22.50). But while Walmart’s changes aren’t as extensive as advocates would prefer, the company has shifted, in relative terms, up the industry’s pay scale. In early 2014, Walmart’s self-reported average full-time pay was 3.7 percent higher than the average hourly earnings for nonmanagerial workers at general merchandise stores calculated by the Labor Department. Now, it is 13.7 percent higher. “It’s about being competitive in the market and making sure the talent pool of applicants was the right talent pool,” Ms. McKenna said. That sounds an awful lot like a reference to the concept of an “efficiency wage.” Above the Market Rate The idea is that, sometimes, it is in an employer’s best interest to pay more than necessary to get a worker into a job. The 18th-century economic thinker Adam Smith described the need to pay a goldsmith particularly well to dissuade him from stealing from you. More recently, economists (including Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, who worked on these topics as an academic economist in the 1980s) have found evidence that people are more productive when they are paid above the market rate. Advertisement Continue reading the main story An employee making more than the market rate, after all, is likely to work harder and show greater loyalty. Workers who see opportunities to get promoted have an incentive not to mess up, compared with people who feel they are in a dead-end job. A person has more incentive to work hard, even when the boss isn’t watching, when the job pays better than what you could make down the street. Economists have found evidence of this in practice in many real-world settings. Higher pay at New Jersey police departments, for example, led to better rates of clearing cases. At the San Francisco airport, higher pay led to shorter lines for passengers. Among British home care providers, higher pay meant less oversight was needed. What is interesting about this is that, if you look at what’s ailing the broader United States economy, it looks a lot like what you would expect if employers were, en masse, failing to understand the possibility of efficiency wages. Employers have succeeded at holding down labor costs. The “labor share” of national income — the portion of the national economic pie that goes to workers’ pay, as opposed to corporate profits and elsewhere — has fallen. And average pay for nonmanagerial workers has grown more slowly than the overall economy. This has coincided with disappointing results for the economy. Worker productivity has been rising slowly for the last decade, and prime working-age Americans are staying out of the work force in droves. This implies that plenty of people don’t see jobs out there that offer sufficient pay or opportunity to make the jobs worth doing. Individually, employers may think they are making rational decisions to pay people as little as possible. But that may be collectively shortsighted, if the unintended result is less demand for the goods and services they are all trying to sell to these same people. Just maybe, in other words, employers across the country are pushing down labor costs like Walmart, circa 2014 — and this is one of the major culprits behind disappointing economic results since the start of the 21st century. “The management philosophy that became popular in the 1980s that led companies to cut pay for low-wage workers, fight unions and contract out work may have been profitable for the companies that practiced it in the short run,” said Alan Krueger, a Princeton economist and leading scholar of labor markets. “But in the long run it has raised inequality, reduced aggregate consumption and hurt overall business profitability.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Customer Surveys Improve If you buy that theory — and, to be clear, it is more theory than settled fact — it means that the results of the Walmart experiment matter a great deal. That implies that if large companies were to spend more to pay and train their workers, it could create gains for the economy as a whole. And it would ultimately be better for those same businesses. Photo Kimberly Cook is an instructor for employees of Walmart, which plans 200 training academies. Credit Melissa Lukenbaugh for The New York Times So, 19 months in, what is Walmart finding? Those customer surveys that were so terrible at the start of 2015 have improved, with “clean, fast, friendly scores” rising for 90 consecutive weeks. Surveys by outside groups, like the investment banker Cowen & Company, point to more satisfied customers as well. That seems to have done the trick in reversing the sales slump. At stores open at least a year, sales were up 1.6 percent over a year earlier in the most recent quarter. That’s better than it sounds. Overall sales at general merchandise retailers are down 0.4 percent this year compared with last, according to census data. The profit landscape is less sunny. Operating income for Walmart’s United States stores was down 6 percent in the most recent quarter, reflecting higher labor costs and other new investments. The company’s stock has underperformed the overall United States stock market and an index of major retailers since the program was announced, suggesting investors are not convinced that these investments will pay a lucrative return anytime soon. Walmart Stock Has Lagged  The retailer’s share price has underperformed the market since announcing investments in worker pay and training. Percent change from Feb. 18, 2015 % +20 +0 -20 -40 Walmart S&P 500 S&P Retail Index Apr '15 Jul '15 Oct '15 Jan '16 Apr '16 Jul '16 Oct '16 Percent change from Feb. 18, 2015 % +20 +0 -20 -40 Walmart S&P 500 S&P Retail Index Apr '15 Jul '15 Oct '15 Jan '16 Apr '16 Jul '16 Oct '16 Percent change from Feb. 18, 2015 % +20 +0 -20 -40 Walmart S&P 500 S&P Retail Index Apr '15 Jul '15 Oct '15 Jan '16 Apr '16 Jul '16 Oct '16 Source: Reuters But at the store level, managers describe a big shift in the kind of workers they can bring in by offering $10 an hour with a solid path to $15 an hour. “We’re attracting a different type of associate,” said Tina Budnaitis, the manager of Walmart No. 5260 in Rogers. “We get more people coming in who want a career instead of a job.” Senior executives speak in the language you might expect from a manager worried about paying an efficiency wage. “Our associates are an asset,” said Ms. McKenna, the chief operating officer. “You don’t try to have the very lowest cost of an asset. You try to have the right asset. So rather than thinking about the lowest cost, the question is how do you get the best productivity.” The question for Walmart, and perhaps the economy as a whole, is whether these changes turn out to be one-off, or part of a shifting philosophy of how work and compensation should work in a 21st-century megacorporation. “Out of the gate, they’ve seen some improvement, but I think that’s because they were doing Retail 101 so poorly,” said Brian Yarbrough, a retail analyst at Edward Jones & Company. “The better question is what happens next year and the following year. The low-hanging fruit has been harvested.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Ms. McKenna declined to be specific about what might come next. And of course in a volatile corporate world, an unexpected recession or management change, or rise of a new competitor, could upend any plans. But she suggests that the company’s changes should not be viewed as a one-time event. “This is a journey,” she said. In the short term, the Walmart experiment shows pretty clearly that paying people better improves both the work force and the shoppers’ experience, but not profitability, at least not yet. Still, here is one other nugget the company has found. The extra wages it is paying its workers don’t all go out the door on payday, executives said. Spending at the stores by employees has risen — offering a possible metaphor for what those efficiency-wage economists argue might happen across the economy, if wages were to climb. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter. A version of this article appears in print on October 16, 2016, on page BU1 of the New York edition with the headline: And in This Aisle, Higher Pay. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. Related Coverage THE 2016 RACE America’s New Reporters of the Vote, and How Pennsylvania Explains G.O.P.’s Problems OCT. 13, 2016 interactive 2016 Election Forecast: Who Will Be President? JULY 19, 2016 THE 2016 RACE How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages OCT. 12, 2016 ECONOMIC VIEW What’s Behind a Rise in Ethnic Nationalism? Maybe the Economy OCT. 14, 2016 Related Coverage THE 2016 RACE America’s New Reporters of the Vote, and How Pennsylvania Explains G.O.P.’s Problems OCT. 13, 2016 2016 Election Forecast: Who Will Be President? JULY 19, 2016 interactive THE 2016 RACE How One 19-Year-Old Illinois Man Is Distorting National Polling Averages OCT. 12, 2016 ECONOMIC VIEW What’s Behind a Rise in Ethnic Nationalism? Maybe the Economy OCT. 14, 2016 What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions

null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Police: Parkesburg woman was arrested for theft the same day as her preliminary hearing for similar incident By Staff Report Posted: 10/16/16, 6:58 PM EDT | Updated: 4 weeks ago # Comments Casey Reeder, 29, of Parkesburg, was charged with retail theft, receiving stolen property and driving under suspension. The charges were filed after an investigation into a reported $40 theft from a Boscov’s store on Oct. 3. Investigators obtained surveillance video of the incident and recognized the suspect as Casey Reeder who had attended a preliminary hearing earlier in the day for a prior retail theft arrest. Reeder was arraigned before Magisterial District Judge John Bailey in Exton. She was remanded to the Chester County Prison after failing to post bail, police said. The following police reports were released from the West Whiteland and West Chester Police Departments. Advertisement WEST WHITELAND • Natasha Kramlich, 34, of Narvon, was charged with DUI on Sept. 30. The charges were filed after a patrol officer stopped Kramlich’s vehicle on Pottstown Pike after a speeding violation. Kramlich was arrested after she failed field sobriety tests. • Justin Baker, 26, of Gap, was arrested on Oct. 1. The charges were filed after a patrol officer responded to the Wal-Mart store for a theft of a backpack, containing a laptop computer, from a vehicle. Responding officers located Baker and took him into custody. A search warrant was executed on Baker’s vehicle and the property was recovered. Officers also located alleged drug paraphernalia and stolen property belonging to another victim who had property stolen from her vehicle in an East Caln shopping center. About $80 in merchandise was also found in the vehicle, police said. That merchandise was found to have been stolen from the Wal-Mart. Baker was charged with receiving stolen property, theft from motor vehicle, theft by unlawful taking, retail theft and possession of drug paraphernalia. • Ian Schneider, 40, of Downingtown, was charged with DUI on Oct. 2. The charges were filed after a patrol officer stopped Schneider’s vehicle at the intersection of Route 100 and Shoen Road for a red light violation. Schneider was arrested after he failed field sobriety tests. • Diane Trego, 56, of West Chester, was arrested for DUI on Oct. 4. The charges were filed after a patrol officer observed Trego make a left turn off of West Lincoln Highway. Trego reportedly drove in the oncoming lane of traffic and around posted “Do Not Enter” signs. The officer stopped the vehicle and made contact with Trego. She was arrested after she reportedly failed field sobriety tests. She was charged with DUI and driving under suspension for a prior DUI conviction, police said. • Abdul Kendema, 48, of Yeadon, was charged with forgery, access device fraud, theft by deception, receiving stolen property and identity theft on Oct. 7. The charges were filed after officers were dispatched to the Sam’s Club store for a fraud. Officers made contact with Kendema who had made $2,231 in purchases since Sept. 29. It was determined that one or more of the purchases was made with the credit card number of a Camden, New Jersey, resident. Investigators recovered 15 credit cards from Kendema during his arrest. Many of the cards are suspected to be counterfeit and possibly contain personal information belonging to other victims, police said. WEST CHESTER • Matthew Gilger, 35, of Brookhaven, was charged with DUI and related offenses after witnesses reported a driver allegedly hit a parked car in the 400 block of North High Street on Oct. 4, at about 5:30 p.m. Police said they found the driver at the Wawa at Pottstown Pike and Boot Road and was subsequently arrested. • Shawn Boz, 21, of Coatesville, was charged with assault and related charges after Boz allegedly punched a person in the nose after repeatedly getting denied entry to Ryan’s Pub on Sept. 9, shortly after midnight. Police said Boz was refused entry to the bar because of his level of intoxication. • Nathan Hackman, 26, of Lititz, was charged with DUI after officers responded to reports of a hit -and-run crash in the 100 block of East Market Street. Police said as a result of the investigation, Hackman was taken into custody after allegedly failing sobriety tests on Oct. 8, at about 12:30 a.m. To contact the Daily Local News, email news@dailylocal.com or message us on Facebook and Twitter: www.facebook.com/dailylocalnews, www.twitter.com/wcdailylocal. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Amazon Is About to Blow Up Its Profits Once Again The e-commerce giant is planning to launch a network of brick-and-mortar stores. Here's why that could be a problem. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Oct 16, 2016 at 11:00AM Image source: The Motley Fool. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is plunging headlong into yet another industry. According to The Wall Street Journal, the e-commerce giant is planning to open convenience stores and curbside pickup locations nationwide to accelerate the growth of its grocery business. The stores will carry perishable items such as produce, dairy, and meat that are often challenging and costly to deliver, and the company will also offer drive-through curbside pickup at other locations, much as grocery leaders Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Kroger (NYSE:KR) are already doing. Amazon started its Fresh grocery delivery service in its hometown of Seattle in 2007, testing it for six years before expanding the program to a handful of cities including New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. Now, a network of stores may seem like a logical next step as Amazon seeks to grab a greater share of the $600 billion U.S. grocery market. It's no surprise that Amazon would want to grab a greater share of Americans' grocery spending: The company seeks to be a one-stop shop everything a consumer could want, and there's no category bigger than grocery. But while Amazon has come to dominate retail segments including books, electronics, and (increasingly) clothes, grocery presents a distinct set of hurdles that may make it particularly difficult from to turn a profit. Still, that has never been a dissuading factor: The company's founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has embraced risk-taking and failure, and is well known for thinking long term and his willingness to forgo profits. As recently as 2015, Amazon was reporting quarterly losses, but profits have spiked recently thanks to the strength of its cloud computing division. But opening up hundreds of stores would be a costly move, and is likely to put a dent in profits, at least over the near term. Out of its element On its way to becoming one of the most valuable companies in the world, Amazon has tied together a few key competitive advantages that have driven its e-commerce program to prominence. Its Prime membership is enormously popular, offering perks such as free two-day delivery, video streaming, data storage, access to the Kindle Lending Library, and more, all for a low price of $99/year. With millions of SKUs (stock-keeping units), the company has a breadth of inventory unmatched by any retail store, and its collection of reviews provides detailed data and recommendations, giving it an advantage over other e-commerce sites. In the case of Amazon Fresh, however, none of those advantages apply. Grocery delivery is too costly to be included among the benefits of Amazon Prime, and instead costs an additional $15/month, which is more expensive than many competing services. Instacart, in which Whole Foods Market has taken a stake, offers free two-hour delivery for a $149 yearly fee, or nearly 20% less than Amazon. When it comes to food, especially perishables, a wide inventory range is not particularly helpful and neither are customer reviews. Consumers tend to buy the same perishables over and over again, and no one needs to read a review on yellow onions or whole milk, meaning they are exactly the opposite of the kind of product Amazon excels at selling. If anything, consumers want to be able to touch and see such products before buying them, adding another hurdle to grocery e-commerce. An uphill battle With its dependence on brick-and-mortar infrastructure, grocery is one area where retailers like Wal-Mart and Kroger have an advantage over Amazon. Wal-Mart has been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program and expects to have it available at more than 1,000 locations, or a quarter of its store base, by the end of next year. Amazon seems to have aspirations to match Wal-Mart here, but this type of program is much more cost-effective for Wal-Mart, which already has parking-lot space it can easily use for a pickup kiosk. Amazon, on the other hand, needs to find such real estate and convert it to its purposes. Wal-Mart also has stores within five miles of 70% of the U.S. population, making such a network difficult for Amazon to match. Launching a brick-and-mortar network of stores seems to undermine Amazon's cost advantage as a strictly e-commerce operation, and even if it is successful in attracting customers, margins in grocery are notoriously thin. Kroger, the largest pure-play grocery chain, has a profit margin of less than 2%, meaning that even if Amazon is successful with its chain of convenience stores, the profits from it probably won't be enough to move the dial for a company already worth close to $400 billion. And it will mean significant costs over the coming years, which will weigh on the company's bottom line. John Mackey, co-CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Whole Foods Market. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Oct 16, 2016 at 11:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.23 down $0.16 (-0.22%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $739.01 down $-3.37 (-0.45%) Kroger NYSE:KR $33.52 up $0.65 (1.98%) Read More Amazon.com Introduces Prime Reading to Prime Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book Better Buy: eBay Inc. vs. Amazon.com Is Amazon Prime Fresh Ready for Prime Time? Amazon.com, Inc. Introduces Prime Reading -- a New Benefit for Prime Members Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. Jona Ison , USA Today Network-Ohio Share This Story 213 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment Five years cold Harry Smith's family awaits justice CHILLICOTHE - On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. When he was found in his burning home dead the next morning, the family also didn’t know it would take eight months to rule his death a homicide or that they would still be waiting for his killer to be caught five years later. Harry W. Smith (Photo: Submitted photo) A private investigator hired by a frustrated family in April 2012 had predicted it, though. In Lycurgus Group’s final report from September 2012, they called the delay in ruling Smith’s death a homicide and the fires arson “unreasonable” and wrote the murder “cannot be solved nor will a successful prosecution be possible unless some internal processes are changed.” The family feels that change happened when the Ohio Attorney General’s Bureau of Criminal Investigation took over the case in October 2012. However, it seems they too have been stumped despite receiving new information as recently as last month, according to spokeswoman Jill Del Greco. “While we cannot get into specifics about this ongoing investigation, we can say that investigators regularly work on this investigation and interviews have taken place in the past few months,” she said via email. In one last push, the Smith family has added to the rewards for information - which totals $23,850 - in hopes money will shake loose the information needed to get an arrest that leads to a conviction. However, the $10,000 from the family and $3,850 from fundraising will expire on the sixth anniversary of Smith's murder, said family spokeswoman Andrea Smith. The fundraised amount will go to the VFW if that golden tip doesn't come in. "If $23,000, almost $24,000, doesn't make somebody talk around here, I don't think anything will," Andrea Smith said. State officials from the Ohio Bureau for Criminal Investigation and the Fire Marshall's office were on scene after Harry W. Smith was found murdered in his burning home at 14546 Ohio 772 on Oct. 16, 2011. (Photo: Gazette file photo) Up in smoke Granddaughter finds smoke coming from home At 89, Smith was like many grandpas of his generation in Chillicothe. He was a retired paper mill employee and a military veteran. He joined the Navy after the bombing of Pearl Harbor and served in World War II before returning home and raising a family with his wife, Opal. In retirement, he picked up another job, becoming the local WalMart’s first full-time greeter and earning the moniker "Grandpa WalMart" among the youngest Smith grandchildren. A photo of Harry Smith from when he enlisted in the Navy. (Photo: Gazette file photo) “My dad was a good, loving, hard-working man all of his life,” his son Jerry Smith recalled in a letter read at a memorial for his father on Oct. 16, 2012.”I look back on the good times when I was younger, like going squirrel hunting and going fishing. He always was a man who believed in doing a good job no matter how big or small.” Oct. 16, 2011, was a Sunday and Smith would have been getting ready for a weekly visit from a granddaughter. But those plans were interrupted sometime before 10 a.m. when either Smith let someone into the home at 14546 Ohio 772, or they let themselves in. Evidence suggests that Smith was bound with a disposable underpad and struck at least once in the back of the head. The blow fractured Smith’s skull and killed him, likely just before or shortly after at least four small fires were set around his home. “The weird thing about the fire was the manner in which it was set,” said County Prosecutor Matt Schmidt. “It was kind of unusual … effective in that it created a smoke hazard and created an alarming scene for the first responders, but it didn’t consume the crime scene … It was a fire that smoldered and failed ultimately.” When Smith's granddaughter and her husband arrived between 9:50 and 10:04 a.m., they saw two newspapers on the front porch, and the storm door was ajar. They opened the unlocked door, and smoke poured out. At least three people stopped to help and were able to get Smith outside where they attempted CPR until medics arrived. Smith was taken to Adena Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. At first, Sheriff George Lavender told the Chillicothe Gazette they didn’t suspect foul play. The family was told they suspected Smith was depressed over Opal’s death earlier that year and may have committed suicide. Although Lavender began calling the death suspicious within days, there wasn't an official ruling of homicide or arson in Smith’s death for eight months. "This is something you think about every day, several, multiple times every day, and my heart aches for him (Jerry Smith) and that he lost his dad the way he did ... that no justice has been served for Harry," said Andrea Smith, "It's important to him, and it's important to all of us that takes place. I don't want my father-in-law to die before that's done." Harry Smith homicide investigation Officials took eight months to rule 89-year-old Harry Smith's death on Oct. 16, 2011, in Ross County, Ohio, a homicide. Five years later, his murder remains unsolved. 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 April 13, 2011 Widowed Opal Smith, wife of Harry Smith for 67 years, dies at age 86 in a nursing home after a brief illness. Oct. 15, 2011 Reunion Harry Smith, 89, attends a family reunion, making this the last time most saw him alive. Oct. 16, 2011 'No foul play' 9:50 a.m. to 10:04 a.m. - Harry Smith's granddaughter and her husband arrive at his home at 14546 Ohio 772, Chillicothe, Ohio, to find it filled with smoke due to at least four small smoldering fires inside. At least three passerby stop to help, one saying Smith had been face down with his arms bound behind him. 11 a.m. - According to the Smith family, then Ross County Sheriff's Office Col. Jeff Keener talked to them in the driveway, sharing that the initial investigation appears to show Smith was a depressed widower and may have committed suicide. Afternoon - Ross County Sheriff George Lavender tells a Chillicothe Gazette reporter that foul play is not suspected and Smith appears to have died from smoke inhalation. Early evening - According to the Smith family, Ross County Coroner John Gabis called and said since nothing was missing from the house, it looked like Smith's death may be ruled a suicide. The family reports there were items missing. Oct. 17, 2011 Autopsy The State Fire Marshal's Office is called in to investigate the fire. Harry Smith's body is autopsied by the Montgomery County Coroner's Office. A report is released later that indicates he has a fracture to the back of his skull and cuts are found on his scalp, forehead, nose, cheek, and upper lip. He also has bruising around the heard, on his abdomen, back, and right wrist. There is no "gross evidence" of soot in his airway. Smith's home is released to the family, but the Ross County Sheriff's Office returns with a second search warrant within a few days to look for more evidence. Oct. 18, 2011 'Suspicious' Ross County Sheriff George Lavender says his office is investigating Harry Smith's death as "suspicious." November 2011 Fires were set Ross County Sheriff George Lavender for the first time says there were small fires set in Harry Smith's home, but they are still trying to determine who set them and why. The State Fire Marshal's Office won't rule the fires as arson for seven more months. On Nov. 28, Smith's toxicology report is returned at the Montgomery County Coroner's Office, revealing there was very little carbon monoxide in his blood from the smoke. January 2012 Blunt force trauma, bound - no homicide ruling Jan. 10 - Montgomery County's deputy coroner files a final autopsy report, which shows no evidence Harry Smith was breathing during the fire and the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head with heart disease and cancer considered as contributing factors. Mid-January - Ross County Sheriff George Lavender confirms for the first time that Smith was bound, but noted there were no ligature marks on his body. Lavender says they are investigating the death as a homicide now rather than just suspicious. Late January - Lavender meets with Ross County Coroner John Gabis to discuss the case, but he does not rule on manner of death - suicide or homicide - due to wanting to see pending lab results from evidence sent to the state crime lab, BCI. March 2012 Frustration Harry Smith's family begins speaking publicly about their frustration with the investigation and the lack of a homicide ruling. Family spokeswoman Andrea Smith says Ross County Sheriff George Lavender has told her to stop calling, that he will call her when he has new information to share. For the first time, Lavender confirms Smith had trauma to the back of his head and his face. April 2012 Private investigation Harry Smith's family meets with private investigators at Columbus-based Lycurgus Group LLC for the first time, leading to the initiation of an independent investigation into Smith's death. May 2012 Investigation continues Ross County Sheriff George Lavender tells the private investigator he believes Harry Smith was killed, but there were concerns with some evidence. He doesn't expound on those concerns Final lab results pending from the state crime lab are returned. June 2012 Homicide, arson rulings June 8 - Representatives from the investigation into Harry Smith's death meet to go over the case and recently returned lab results. June 11 - Ross County Coroner John Gabis rules Smith's death nearly eight months earlier was a homicide. The family learns of the ruling from a reporter. June 13: The State Fire Marshal's Office rules the fires at Smith's home were arson and announce a $5,000 Blue Ribbon Arson Committee reward for information. September 2012 State asked to take over investigation The family puts an end to the private investigation due to stress and the impact on the health impact it was having on at least one family member. The final report from Lycurgus Group indicates they have concerns with the way the case has been investigated, calling the delay in arson and homicide rulings "unreasonable." Family spokeswoman Andrea Smith meets with Ross County Prosecutor Matt Schmidt and asks for the case to be handed over to the Bureau of Criminal Investigation at the Ohio Attorney General's Office. October 2012 1 year cold The Bureau of Criminal Investigation agrees to take over as lead investigators. The Smith case is a key issue in the Ross County sheriff race. The family puts support behind candidate Dale Gillette, and his billboards feature the Smith case. Oct. 16: The Smith family conducts a public memorial on the 1-year anniversary of his murder. Oct. 22: The Smith family asks the Ross County commissioners to reimburse them the $16,561.50 they spent on the private investigation. The commissioners say they can't. November 2012 Re-elected Ross County Sheriff George Lavender is re-elected to his second term over Democratic opponent Dale Gillette. Lavender received 18,446 votes (62%) to Gillette's 11,158 (38%). June 2013 State call for answers Harry Smith's homicide is added to the Ohio Attorney General's statewide database for unsolved homicides across the state. August 2013 Temporary reward The Smith family announces a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person who killed Harry Smith. The reward is in addition to the $5,000 Blue Ribbon Arson reward and the $5,000 from Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers, but is time limited to three months. July 2014 Family reward renewed The Smith family renews their reward offer of $5,000 for information on Harry Smith's murder, this time making it a permanent reward offering. December 2014 Building the reward The Smith family begins fundraising to boost their $5,000 reward for information on Harry Smith's murder. In addition to a fundraising event, the family starts a bank account and GoFundMe to help build the reward amount. October 2016 One last push Just prior to the fifth anniversary of Harry Smith's death, his family double their portion of the reward for information, but announce it will expire on the sixth anniversary. The $3,850 collected through fundraising also will expire at that time and be donated to the VFW. The total reward, which includes $5,000 each from Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers and the Blue Ribbon Arson Committee, for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the Smith case is $23,850. Tips can be reported anonymously to Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers at 740-773-TIPS or to BCI at 855-BCI-OHIO. Jona Ison/ USA Today Network-Ohio Suicide or homicide? Confusing evidence complicates investigation Within days of Smith’s death, officials seemed stymied by the evidence at the scene. Some items, like a 1941 Chillicothe High School class ring, a brown onyx ring with an 'S' and Smith’s checkbook, were taken, but a cash box in relatively plain view was left untouched. While officials haven’t publicly disclosed or confirmed all the oddities at the scene, there were scenarios they felt could take them down the path to thinking Smith's death was suicide or homicide. For example, Smith’s cordless phone and two cellphones were missing and until results from the fire debris was analyzed, there was speculation that Smith could have put them into the fire to prevent himself from calling for help. As for cuts and bruises found on his body during the autopsy, Ross County Coroner John Gabis said at the time Smith had a history of falls - which the family has contested - so the cause of those injuries wasn't clear cut. Smith family spokesperson Andrea Smith talks with media about the results of the private investigation into the homicide of Harry Smith in October 2012. (Photo: Gazette file photo) “There was evidence of items being taken but other things of value that were completely ignored, so if this was solely for the purpose of theft or burglary, it was carried out very strangely,” Schmidt said. “It could be that they panicked, that the situation got out of control, but that’s speculation. I don’t know. But it was certainly, in terms of a crime scene, an unusual one." Lavender declined to talk about specific elements of the case, noting details are withheld to help validate tips, but said the heavy smoke from the fire hurt the investigative process. The lack of a suspect early on also was a hindrance. "The information coming out of the case was very sparse. Normally, we hear things on investigations of this nature, especially a murder, and there was just nothing out there," Lavender said. The Smith family has agreed in the past that there were some unusual elements to the scene, but it was evident to them that Harry Smith was the victim of a homicide. "The man had a fractured skull. The back of his skull ... When you look at the fact there was a pillow case missing and the other pillow case was full of stuff from the tops of dressers ... Where does that lead you as a detective who has never gone to school, never been educated, never had any training, what do you think?" The family's frustration led to them spending more than $16,000 on a private investigation and ultimately requesting the Bureau of Criminal Identification take over the case. Schmidt said he made the request to BCI because he felt the family “had such resentment toward the sheriff’s office that that was just better for everybody involved to get a fresh set of eyes." If BCI hadn't taken the case, Andrea Smith said the family "would have absolutely given up every last bit of hope that we have." Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share On Oct. 16, 2011, Harry Smith was killed in his Ross County, Ohio home. His murderer has never been caught. Roads to nowhere Tips provide no substantial leads By time BCI took over the case, the sheriff’s office reported they had already conducted more than 80 interviews, and at least 50 pieces of evidence had been analyzed by the crime lab. Where that number sits now is unclear; Del Greco declined to comment on specifics. "It just haunts us. Every significant holiday that comes, whether it be birthdays or anniversaries or the anniversary of his murder, Labor Day, every get-together we have, it's just this cloud. It's just there," she said. At least 50 people gathered to remember Harry Smith in Yoctangee Park on the one-year anniversary of his murder. (Photo: Gazette file photo) For Schmidt, the difficulty in the case has always been a combination of the unusual circumstances and the lack of a solid lead. While there have been several persons of interest, there’s not been anything “that’s even come close to giving us evidence that would be sufficient to charge someone,” Schmidt said. “This was, it seemed to me, to be one where there were rumors swirling around but nothing substantial. And I guess, in my experience, the thing that seems so unusual was the relative silence from the community at large about what had happened,” Schmidt said. “Another difficulty, certainly, was a lack of forensics in terms of any source of DNA or blood or fingerprint or anything to really gain traction on.” While the lack of evidence has been an apparent issue in solving the case, Del Greco said the biggest complication is key people aren’t talking. She urges anyone with information to contact BCI at 855-BCI-OHIO. And until Oct. 16, 2017, that information may result in a $23,850 payday. Afterward, it will revert to $10,000 - half from the Ohio Blue Ribbon Arson Committee reward and the other half from Southern Ohio Crimestoppers. jison@Gannett.com Twitter: @JonaIson Share This Story 213 Tweet Share Share Pin Email Comment © 2016 chillicothegazette.com, All rights reserved. Chapters Chapter 1 Five years cold Chapter 2 Up in smoke Chapter 3 Suicide or homicide? Chapter 4 Roads to nowhere Share Enjoy a limted number of articles over the next 30 days Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login? Activate your digital access. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive. Who killed Grandpa WalMart? On Oct. 15, 2011, Harry Smith’s family didn’t realize the reunion would be the last time they’d see him alive.  Check out this story on chillicothegazette.com: http://ohne.ws/2ei9KkF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
null
Skip to content × Search Search Search ✔ BayToday.ca ✔ Classifieds ✔ Google Search site × 5.3 °Cforecast > Home Local Local News More Local Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather Random Acts of Kindness NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive Columns The Doctor Game Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Weekend Trippin' This Should Work with Bruce MacNab Wine All the Time Aisle Seat Remember This? Financial Literacy Debbie Travis' House to Home Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Today in History Comics Hockey Pool Shop Local Flyers North Bay Gas Prices Home OPP Beat Bomb threat investigation ongoing Oct 15, 2016 8:01 PM by: BayToday Staff File photo A bomb threat to the Walmart store situated in Dymond Township resulted in an evacuation and search of the store on Friday, police say.  Members of the Temiskaming Detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) attended immediately and assisted with evacuating the store shortly before 8 p.m.. "A thorough search was conducted, and nothing suspicious was located," say police. The Temiskaming Crime Unit is assisting with this ongoing investigation.  Anyone with information is urged to contact the OPP at 1-888-310-1122 or if you wish to remain anonymous, you may call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), where you may be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $2,000.  See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text Comments More OPP Beat Wednesday, November 2, 2016 Thursday, October 27, 2016 Monday, October 17, 2016 Visit our homepage > Local Local News More Local Local Sports City Police Beat OPP Beat Weather Random Acts of Kindness NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Announcements Obituaries In Memoriam Births Weddings and Engagements Anniversaries Graduations Careers Lost and Found Pets Notices and Tenders Classifieds All Listings Today's Ads Create or Manage your FREE Account Post a Classified (FREE) Your Ads National National News National Business National Entertainment Automotive Columns Perspectives Penny wise Genealogy In Action The Aboriginal Beat Weekend Trippin' Financial Literacy Entertainment Entertainment News Movie Showtimes & Trailers Horoscopes Lottery Results Crosswords Today in History Comics Hockey Pool Shop Local Flyers About Advertising Terms of Service Privacy About Contact Village Media Visit our network of sites: BarrieToday.com BayToday.ca GuelphToday.com SooToday.com TimminsToday.com Partner sites: Sudbury.com TBNewsWatch.com Manitoulin.ca Local Xpress © 2016 BayToday.ca


CRAWFORD | A second look at Louisville's 'quiet' win over Duke - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Kaiser Video Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Facebook Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau CRAWFORD | A second look at Louisville's 'quiet' win over Duke Posted: Saturday, October 15, 2016 9:10 AM EDT Updated: Saturday, October 15, 2016 9:30 AM EDT By Eric Crawford BioEmail Connect Biography ecrawford@wdrb.com Follow @ericcrawford University of Louisville photo. For a complete gallery, click here http://gocards.com/galleries/?gallery=3041 LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- It was this kind of night at Papa John’s Cardinal Stadium -- the train whistle guy was getting the shakes. He was going through withdrawal. He was lunging to pull the cord and people had to hold him back. Somebody get this guy some points. Forget style points. The Cardinals just needed some of the regular kind. They weren’t in position to be picky. I don’t know about the other Experts, but I spent all week talking about Louisville putting up Oscar-red-carpet style points, and now I was sitting here watching People of Walmart. When we last saw the Louisville football team, it was scoring 26 points against a top-five defense at Clemson -- in the second half. In this game, there are just over six minutes to play and the Cards get the ball up 17-14. Forget style. At this point, they’d wash your windshield for some points, anything. It's the fourth quarter of a home game and we still have to pay attention? What the heck? Louisville coach Bobby Petrino looked like a guy making a visit to the Geek Squad with his X-box controller. “Look, I keep pushing A and B, and my quarterback doesn’t spin and run away from everybody. This thing is defective.” Not just that, but this is Duke. It hasn’t been so long ago that Duke went to court in Frankfort, Ky., to argue that its football team was so bad that backing out of a contract to play Louisville did NOT constitute damage to Louisville. And it won. Now Louisville’s on the verge of having to obtain a protective order to safeguard its status as a Playoff Contender. I mean, Louisville was a 34-point favorite. Lamar Jackson is the Heisman Trophy Frontrunner. This game was prime time. An ESPN audience. The last time Louisville played at home, Lee Corso was just outside the North end zone putting on the Cardinal head and doing the Tomahawk chop. Louisville beat Florida State 63-20. It went to Clemson and the GameDay guys were there again. Crap. Where are the GameDay guys? Lee? Kirk? Can you hear me? This isn’t how it’s supposed to work. “That was a day of work right there, and the first thing you have to do is take your hat off to Duke and their game plan,” Petrino said after the game. “They did a great job of keeping the football, shortening the game, working the clock.” How good? These Duke guys worked the play clock like they were taking the LSAT. They used every second. Louisville had the ball for only 2:45 in the second quarter, but still ran only six fewer plays than the Blue Devils. The Cardinals were like the guy in the U-Scan line behind a person who is not, technically, sober. Duke lounged around between plays. It checked its text messages. At one point, I’m pretty sure Duke quarterback Daniel Jones ran over to Wagner’s. It was the kind of keep-away stall game that Dean Smith would’ve been proud of -- had anyone but Duke been running it. Duke coach David Cutcliffe knows a little something about football. His team may be banged up, but he always brings a full deck in the coaching department. “The best defense against Lamar Jackson and all of that offensive talent is for them to watch us make first downs,” Cutcliffe said. Duke did that. In fact, 46 percent of its yardage came on third down. Louisville did its damage -- 203 of its 469 yards -- on first down. After the game, I listened to Louisville fans on the elevator: “This was bad for our playoff hopes. What do you think we’ll do in the rankings?” Here’s an honest answer: I don’t know. But I don’t think they decide playoff stuff in the third week of October. I don’t think your ranking after six games is set in stone. Beating Duke by 50 would’ve guaranteed nothing. But this Duke team wasn’t coming into Louisville and losing by 50. It played a good, solid, disciplined game. It was a break or two away from putting more than just a scare into Louisville. Sometimes that happens. Sometimes the other guys play well. And then, sometimes, you’re not your best. Those nights just happen. Some nights, everything is just a little off. On third and short on the second series of the game, Louisville ran one of those Petrino specials. Play action. Jackson sold it. Duke bought it. He was standing there with the ball, and tight end Keith Towbridge was standing in the flat, wide open. Towbridge was on Floyd Street. Duke’s defense was somewhere on Fourth Street. Easy play. But Jackson held the ball a beat too long. A Duke defender broke free to pressure him, and Jackson overthrew Towbridge by several yards. The punting unit came out. Some nights it’s like that. This was one of them. Sometimes your sophomore quarterback makes sophomore quarterback plays, even if he is the Heisman frontrunner. Sometimes your defense, ranked seventh in the nation in third-down stops, struggles on third down. Sometimes the crowd is just a little off. I wasn’t going to say anything, but the coffee in the press box was lukewarm. It happens. This Louisville team is going to be trying to live up to its performance and statistics of the season’s first four games for the rest of the season. Some nights it will. But some? I don’t know if any team could live up to those every night. Some nights, your quarterback is only going to go for 325 yards and two touchdowns. Some nights you’re not going to average 10 yards a play. Some nights you have to count on a defensive end like Drew Bailey, who had 11 tackles, 7 solo, 3 for a loss. The fun thing about this bunch is that in a game that likely few will remember a month from now, Jackson still had plays you can’t forget -- flicking the ball 50 yards in the air on the run for a completion, stopping in the backfield when rushed, reversing course, evading defenders and basically outrunning the entire defense to gain 19 inexplicable yards. “Yeah, I think every season that you win games and you have a good season, there's going to be one or two games that are very close and difficult and hard,” Petrino said. “I know that from over the years there's been games you go in and you think okay this is going to be a high-scoring game, and it's a low-scoring game. Or this one's going to be a defensive thing and it ends up being both offenses score a lot of points. You never know what's going to happen until you go out and play and that's why you play the game.” We can talk all we want about style points and running the table the rest of the way and all that. These players have to go out and do it. Perhaps we underestimate at times the roller coaster they’ve been on. They went from just one of the guys to the most popular kid in school in the course of a month. Lamar Jackson went from nearly obscure to Heisman hype and being talked about on Jimmy Fallon in about four seconds. That Clemson game ended and in some ways, Christmas was over for these guys, and it was time to pack away the lights and get back to work. Petrino said he didn’t think his team was suffering any kind of hangover from all that, but it would be hard not to. “I don't feel that way because I didn't see it in practice,” he said. “I thought our guys did a good job in practice and got well-prepared for the game. I like the way we went about our business yesterday at the hotel and today in the walk-through and I feel like we were ready to play. We didn't blow them out, but we did win the game.” Petrino knows perception is always going to be a factor. You’ve got four playoff spots, a bunch of teams vying for them, little margin for error, and weekly discussion of the horse race. But here’s the fact: If Louisville plays impressively all season and wins out, I don’t think it’ll come down to what happened against Duke that determines its ultimate fate. And if it doesn’t play impressively and win out, it won’t matter anyway. Either way, the Cardinals need lots of help. If you want to know how concerned Petrino was with style points, consider the game’s final 32 seconds. Louisville got the ball at the Duke 35. Petrino could’ve taken at least a couple of shots at the end zone. He didn’t. And he shouldn’t have. Jackson downed the ball, and that was that. Petrino knows everyone will talk about style points. “I think that's the reality of where we're at right now,” he said. We've got to understand that, but again our objective is to go win, keep ourselves in it and I think we did that. I think we'll be all right, we've just got to go play better.” Consider the alternative to winning. Think about what might have been. Duke forced a 46-yard field goal attempt -- which Louisville missed -- with 1:59 left. Can you imagine if that play had stood, if Duke had gotten a game-tying field goal or worse, the questions facing Petrino after calling that reverse that lost seven yards on first down after the Cards got to the Duke 17? Whew. People always remember the play calls that don’t work. They rarely remember the ones that worked great -- but weren’t executed. Instead, a Duke defender rolled into the leg of Louisville kicker Evan O’Hara, the Cards got the ball back, Petrino called two plays, held down on the right trigger on his X-box controller and Jackson sprinted into the end zone. The train whistle guy, finally, could pull his cord for some of the good stuff, and Louisville survived and advanced, style points or not. Copyright 2016 WDRB Media. All Rights Reserved. Sign Up for the WDRB Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Eric Crawford StoriesMore>> CRAWFORD | Rushing records aren't enough: Eight takeaways from Kentucky's 49-36 loss at Tennessee CRAWFORD | Rushing records aren't enough: Eight takeaways from Kentucky's 49-36 loss at Tennessee Updated: Saturday, November 12 2016 5:51 PM EST2016-11-12 22:51:43 GMT Kentucky coach Mark Stoops talks to reporters after the Wildcats' loss at Tennessee. (WDRB photo by Eric Crawford) The University of Kentucky piled up the most rushing yards it has ever had in an SEC game, but still fell to Tennessee 49-36 on Saturday. More >> The University of Kentucky piled up the most rushing yards it has ever had in an SEC game, but still fell to Tennessee 49-36 on Saturday.More >> Blackmon leads No. 11 Indiana past No. 3 Kansas in OT, 103-99 Blackmon leads No. 11 Indiana past No. 3 Kansas in OT, 103-99 Updated: Saturday, November 12 2016 11:33 AM EST2016-11-12 16:33:25 GMT James Blackmon scrambles for a loose ball. (AP photo) The Indiana University basketball team opened its 2016-17 season by knocking off No. 3 Kansas in overtime in the Armed Forces Classic in Honolulu.More >> The Indiana University basketball team opened its 2016-17 season by knocking off No. 3 Kansas in overtime in the Armed Forces Classic in Honolulu.More >> CRAWFORD | At Kentucky, Fox and friends too fast for Stephen F. Austin in opener CRAWFORD | At Kentucky, Fox and friends too fast for Stephen F. Austin in opener Updated: Friday, November 11 2016 11:29 PM EST2016-11-12 04:29:15 GMT De'Aaron Fox set a debut record with 12 assists in Kentucky's season-opener (AP photo) Kentucky's speed and length can make the court seem awfully small for opponents. Stephen F. Austin, Kentucky's opponent in the regular-season opener for both teams, became the first opponent to learn that on Friday night.More >> Kentucky's speed and length can make the court seem awfully small for opponents. Stephen F. Austin, Kentucky's opponent in the regular-season opener for both teams, became the first opponent to learn that on Friday night.More >> Fox dashes and dishes Kentucky to 87-64 season-opening win over Stephen F. Austin Fox dashes and dishes Kentucky to 87-64 season-opening win over Stephen F. Austin Updated: Friday, November 11 2016 9:10 PM EST2016-11-12 02:10:01 GMT Kentucky freshman De'Aaron Fox set a school record for assists in a Wildcat debut to lead UK past Stephen F. Austin in its regular-season opener.  More >> Kentucky freshman De'Aaron Fox set a school record for assists in a Wildcat debut to lead UK past Stephen F. Austin in its regular-season opener. More >> BOZICH & CRAWFORD | Pitino talks recruiting, season opener -- four highlights BOZICH & CRAWFORD | Pitino talks recruiting, season opener -- four highlights Updated: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:20 PM EST2016-11-09 21:20:14 GMT University of Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino updated his latest recruiting class and talked about Friday's season-opener against Evansville on Wednesday. More >> University of Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino updated his latest recruiting class and talked about Friday's season-opener against Evansville on Wednesday.More >> CRAWFORD | Louisville is hot and cold in a second exhibition, beats Bellarmine 81-60 CRAWFORD | Louisville is hot and cold in a second exhibition, beats Bellarmine 81-60 Updated: Tuesday, November 8 2016 1:27 AM EST2016-11-08 06:27:07 GMT Rick Pitino and his Louisville players watch the Cardinals in the second half of their exhibition win over Bellarmine. (WDRB photo by Eric Crawford) The University of Louisville got off to a second straight splendid start, then struggled to sustain it while putting away Bellarmine 81-60 in their second exhibition game of the season. More >> The University of Louisville got off to a second straight splendid start, then struggled to sustain it while putting away Bellarmine 81-60 in their second exhibition game of the season.More >> CRAWFORD | Louisville uses playoff ranking as motivation in 52-7 rout of Boston College CRAWFORD | Louisville uses playoff ranking as motivation in 52-7 rout of Boston College Updated: Sunday, November 6 2016 12:48 AM EDT2016-11-06 04:48:27 GMT Louisville's Lamar Jackson looks to throw against Boston College. (AP photo) After being ranked lower than many expected in the College Football Playoff rankings, the University of Louisville football team came out motivated at Boston College. More >> After being ranked lower than many expected in the College Football Playoff rankings, the University of Louisville football team came out motivated at Boston College.More >> TRANSCRIPT & RAW VIDEO | Bobby Petrino talks playoffs, and the win at Boston College TRANSCRIPT & RAW VIDEO | Bobby Petrino talks playoffs, and the win at Boston College Updated: Saturday, November 5 2016 5:28 PM EDT2016-11-05 21:28:58 GMT Bobby Petrino speaks with reporters after his team's 52-7 win at Boston College. More >> Bobby Petrino speaks with reporters after his team's 52-7 win at Boston College.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Employee benefits From Royal Mail to Asda – company schemes that give workers a share From Saturday, postal workers can pocket a £3,000 windfall by cashing in on its controversial flotation – but not everyone in a share scheme is so lucky A popular type of scheme is the share incentive plan, introduced in 2000, and used by Royal Mail for the free shares it gave workers in 2013. Photograph: David Levene for the Guardian Rupert Jones Saturday 15 October 2016 02.01 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger The stock market hitting an all-time high this week spells good news for thousands of people participating in company share schemes – and they are not all fat-cat chief executives and board direectors. Saturday, 15 October, is a key date for about 139,000 postal workers who received free Royal Mail shares when the business was floated on the stock market in October 2013. Each full-time employee initially received 613 free shares, which were automatically put into an employee share scheme. Under the rules, Saturday is the first day that the postal workers are free to sell their shares if they wish, and those who do stand to make approximately £3,000 apiece, based on this week’s Royal Mail share price of around 490p. Meanwhile, supermarket giant Asda this week revealed that its share ownership schemes have effectively delivered more than £750m for staff since the first one was launched in 1982. More than 22,800 Asda employees took part in the company’s Save As You Earn (SAYE) scheme which matured in July this year, giving them the chance to buy shares in the company’s American owner Walmart for a knockdown £37.27 a share. That’s the equivalent of around $45 – and this week Walmart shares were at around $67. Between them, 22,855 Asda staff have benefited from a £56m payout from the latest scheme, equating to a profit of just short of £950 per worker, a spokesman said. Royal Mail and Asda are among scores of big-name companies that operate employee share schemes – others include Tesco, Morrisons and drinks group Diageo. Malcolm Hurlston, chairman of the Employee Share Ownership (Esop) Centre, says the great thing about broad-based employee share ownership is that “everyone in a company – from the boardroom to the shop floor – is able and incentivised to acquire shares in the company for which they work”. Probably the best known and most popular of these schemes is SAYE, also known as Sharesave. With this, workers have the right (known as an option) to buy shares in their company at a price fixed at the outset. This price can be up to 20% less than the share price when the plan was set up. Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘Taking part in the Sharesave scheme is a great way for me to put aside a bit of money each month and share in the success of TSB.’ Photograph: Carl Court/AFP/Getty Images Workers save between £5 and £500 a month over three or five years, and at the end of the period can use the accumulated money to buy shares at the fixed price. If at that point the share price is lower than the discounted price, you don’t have to buy them – you simply get all your savings back. That’s why this scheme has previously been described as “win-win”. However, you used to get a tax-free bonus added to your cash, but the SAYE/Sharesave bonus rate –which is set by HM Revenue & Customs – is currently set at zero, which means you won’t receive any interest on your savings. In other words, you could have got a better return by putting your cash into a savings account or doing something else with it. Big cuts in store for Royal Mail and Post Office workers' pensions Read more There are now almost 1.5m SAYE accounts held in the UK, according to employee share group ProShare, and they have delivered bumper returns to many ordinary workers. For example, in August 2014 almost 23,000 BT employees – most of them call centre staff and engineers – benefited from a £1.1bn SAYE scheme payout. Their built-up savings could be used to buy BT shares for just 61p each, which is pretty good going when you consider that BT’s share price the day before the scheme matured was 388.5p. Based on that price, the average gain for those selling their shares immediately was an impressive £41,674 per employee. However, there have also been cases where companies have offered schemes that have left workers disappointed because the share price has fallen below the option price. Many household-name businesses offer SAYE schemes. For example, TSB’s latest one, a three-year savings plan, closed to applicants on 22 August. When it matures, staff will be able to buy shares in TSB’s parent company, Spanish bank Sabadell. These are listed on the Madrid stock exchange and priced in euros, although the staff are saving in sterling. The option price, 77.68p, was based on the average closing Sabadell share price and euro/sterling exchange rate for the first five days of August, to which the bank applied the maximum 20% discount. This week, Sabadell’s share price was around €1.15, or £1.04. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tara Bridgeman. Tara Bridgeman, who works at a TSB branch in Barnet, north London, says: “Taking part in the Sharesave scheme is a great way for me to put aside a bit of money each month and to share in the success of TSB. It was easy to set up and is flexible, as I can choose how much money I save and have the option to take a payment holiday if I need to. It’s also helpful that it’s taken directly out of my salary before it hits my bank account so I’m not tempted to spend it.” The history of the British co-operative movement - timeline Read more Another popular type of scheme is the share incentive plan (SIP), introduced in 2000, which offers several different ways of getting shares. There are just over 1m SIP accounts in existence, and this is what Royal Mail used for the free shares it gave to its workers in 2013. With a SIP your employer can give you up to £3,600 of free shares in any tax year, but you have to hold them for at least three years. At the Royal Mail, the company’s flotation in October 2013 was highly controversial because the government sold 60% of the business for 330p a share, only to see the price immediately shoot up. But whether the workers should sell their shares is a very different matter. Crucially, if they cash them in any time soon, they will have to pay income tax and national insurance contributions (NICs) on their value – ie, 20% tax and 12% NICs for a basic-rate taxpayer. Under SIP rules they will have to wait another two years before they can sell these free shares completely free of income tax and NICs. There are two other approved share schemes in use in the UK: the company share option plan (CSOP) and enterprise management incentives (EMIs). The first of these gives you the option to buy up to £30,000 of shares at a fixed price – but Hurlston says CSOPs are “in pretty sad decline”. In 2013-14 there were 1,280 live CSOP schemes, down from more than 5,000 in 2000. By contrast, EMIs are on the rise, with nearly 10,000 companies using them, according to the most recent official figures. EMIs are mainly used by small, fast-growing companies that perhaps aren’t able to pay huge salaries right now, but want to keep hold of their staff by promising them “jam tomorrow”. More features Topics Employee benefits Shares Work & careers Royal Mail Asda More… Walmart TSB Stock markets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Money › Employee benefits Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

GOOD4UTAH 48° Salt Lake City Broken Clouds Sponsored By GOOD4UTAH 48° Salt Lake City Broken Clouds Sections Weather Good Things Utah Sections News Southern Utah National GMU Inside Utah Politics Your Local Election Headquarters Good4Utah Extra Entertainment Weird Midday Health Tech Business News Video Center Contests Weather Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Forecast Map Center Pollen Almanac Traffic Pinpoint Weather Cameras Weather App Weather Kid Sports Local Sports National Sports Real Salt Lake Utah Jazz College Sports High School NFL Beehive Blitz NBA MLB NHL NCAA PGA Community TV Schedule Ask The Expert Good Health 4 Utah Good4Utah.biz Healthy Homes Cars Your Photos Your Events Wirth Watching Utah Works Comic Con Movies Lifestyle Healthy Utah Father's Day Horoscopes In Style Movies Cancer Care Healthy Pets Green Living Mother's Day Weddings Education Essentials Automotive Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement Taxes Diabetes Awareness About Us ABC4 | CW30 MeTV Email Signup Meet the Team Contact Us Apps Advertise With Us Tour Our Stations Request Appearance Station History Work for Us Good Things Utah Recipes Guest Segments Gardening Do the Right Thing Table Talk The Art of Connection Be A Guest Contests Submit Ideas Submit Recipes GTU Internship Opportunities Weather Good Things Utah Sports Video Center TV Schedule Contests Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Southern Utah National GMU Inside Utah Politics Your Local Election Headquarters Good4Utah Extra Entertainment Weird Midday Health Tech Business News Video Center Contests Weather Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Forecast Map Center Pollen Almanac Traffic Pinpoint Weather Cameras Weather App Weather Kid Sports Local Sports National Sports Real Salt Lake Utah Jazz College Sports High School NFL Beehive Blitz NBA MLB NHL NCAA PGA Community TV Schedule Ask The Expert Good Health 4 Utah Good4Utah.biz Healthy Homes Cars Your Photos Your Events Wirth Watching Utah Works Comic Con Movies Lifestyle Healthy Utah Father's Day Horoscopes In Style Movies Cancer Care Healthy Pets Green Living Mother's Day Weddings Education Essentials Automotive Essentials Personal Finance Home Improvement Taxes Diabetes Awareness About Us ABC4 | CW30 MeTV Email Signup Meet the Team Contact Us Apps Advertise With Us Tour Our Stations Request Appearance Station History Work for Us Good Things Utah Recipes Guest Segments Gardening Do the Right Thing Table Talk The Art of Connection Be A Guest Contests Submit Ideas Submit Recipes GTU Internship Opportunities Homes going up in place of old Granite High School By Aldo Vazquez | avazquez@good4utah.com Published 10/14 2016 06:31PM Updated 10/14 2016 06:41PM SOUTH SALT LAKE, Utah (ABC4 News) - At a meeting last night Garbett Homes put forward their proposal for single family homes where the old Granite High School currently stands. Garbett Homes is in charge of developing the residential section of the property and presented their proposal to the neighborhood in a meeting last night to get feedback.   "I like it, I like getting homes over there, single family dweller's, rather than more apartments," said John Hill. John Hill lives across the street from the school.  He has lived in the neighborhood since 2000 and has been there through all the proposals that have come up.  The most recent was a proposal to place a WalMart there.  That proposal was met with strong opposition from neighbors and was vetoed by the mayor a few months ago. Neighbors were concerned it would generate too much traffic to an already busy area and increase criminal activity.    Garbett Homes plan is to build about 80 single family homes in the area south of the school's parking lot.  They say at last night meeting -- where about 50 people showed up -- their plan had strong support.  He says many people were concerned about what would go in the commercial lot of the property because a WalMart is proposed to go up in the next 3 years.  Unfortunately, for those neighbors, Garbett Homes is only developing the residential area.  The commercial area is being handled by Wasatch Property and residents say they have yet to see a proposal from them over that lot. "Wasatch isn't ready to do any announcements or releases about their plans," said Jacob Ballstaedt with Garbett Homes.  "I think they're still thinking working out details." Granite High School closed its doors in 2009.  Since then residents have wanted to preserve the building because of its history.  In February, the city discussed changing the property's zoning which allowed only residential living.  In 2011, the city tried to pass a bond to develop a community center but it failed.  There was also an attempt to turn the area into green space.  Ever since it closed residents have reported seeing vandalism and criminal activity near the school. While many today said they are sad to see it go and would have preferred to have the building preserved and turned into a community area they're ready to see something there rather than just vacant buildings.  "Hopefully it improves the area which single family housing should," said Hill. Neighbors are still waiting to hear what will come from the commercial area.  Residents have said they are anticipating a WalMart to go up -- even though they don't want it -- but they hope it's not a full scale facility. "If they put a neighborhood WalMart, I'd be OK with that," said Hill. Garbett Homes will have a busy couple of weeks to put their plans into action. "We're gonna make a submission to the committee, plan to do that sometime next week and we hope to be in front of the planning commission in the first week in November," said Ballstaedt. Hill says after attending the meeting, speaking with Garbett Homes, and learning more about their plans and intentions he says he's on board with the proposal.  He says as long as they stick to their proposal and do as they say they have his approval, but, he adds he still has many more questions.  Garbett Homes says they will be having follow up meetings with the community to talk about the next step as the proposal moves forward.   ABC4 News reached out to South Salt Lake Mayor, Cherie Wood, for comment about the proposal.  Her office said they had no comment at this time because it was still in the early stages of the process.   Copyright 2016 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories Wirth Watching - An Explosive Look at Utah History Calvary Baptist Church celebrates 124 years in the Salt Lake valley The United States Honor Flag arrives in Utah Don't Miss Hawaii Vacay Contest Email Signup Harry Connick Junior Meet Surae Chinn Behind-the-Badge Southern Utah News Real Sports Live Latest News Local National Local National Wirth Watching - An Explosive Look at Utah History Calvary Baptist Church celebrates 124 years in the Salt Lake valley The United States Honor Flag arrives in Utah A huge controversy over flags is brewing in Utah Tree Lighting Event Held at Traverse Mountain for Utah's Tallest Christmas Tree Defense helps Seahawks survive against Patriots Abdul-Jabbar condemns 'voter suppression' New Yorkers accompany scared commuters Aleppo residents get warning by text message Trump to supporters harassing minorities: 'Stop it' Video Center Local News Local News The United States Honor Flag arrives in Utah ABC4 Utah on Facebook ABC4 UTAH on Twitter Good Things Utah Good4Utah iPhone App Good4Utah Android App Up Next Wirth Watching - An Explosive Look at Utah History Meet the Team Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - Good4Utah.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Careers with Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report KUCW FCC Public File KTVX FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification Video Programmer Closed Captioning Quality Certification
null
Zur Suche gehen. Neuer Nutzer? Registrieren Anmelden Hilfe Yahoo zur Startseite machen Mail Yahoo Yahoo Deutschland Finanzen Suche Web-Suche Home Währungsrechner IBAN-Rechner Blogs Bildergalerien Videos Finanzlexikon RSS Jobsuche Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Home Devisen Aktien/Indizes Fonds Rohstoffe Meine Portfolios Melden Sie sich an, um Ihre Portfolios aufzurufen Finanztipps Home Steuern Versicherungen Recht Banken Verbrauchertipps Home Klüger kaufen Haus & Garten Karriere Home News Jobsuche Tipps Bewerbung Home Wirtschaft & Politik Unternehmen Börse Nach Themen Nach Aktienkursen suchen Tipp: Mehrere Kurse mit einem Komma (,) voneinander trennen. Weitere Informationen... Mo., 14. Nov 2016, 08:12 MEZ - Deutsche Märkte öffnen in 48 Minuten. Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible ideaVon Kate Taylor | Business Insider – So., 16. Okt 2016 23:37 MESZ Freigeben 0 Twittern 0 Share0 Drucken (Black Friday shoppers in New York City.Yana Paskova/Getty) Retailers have officially lost the so-called war on Thanksgiving. An increasing number of retailers are closing on Thanksgiving Day this year in response to backlash against the trend of starting Black Friday sales a day early. CBL & Associates, the operator of 89 regional malls and shopping centers, announced it would close 73 of its locations on Thanksgiving Day and not open until 6 a.m. on Black Friday, CNBC reported. Last year, the mall operator opened at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The Mall of America, which has opened on Thanksgiving for the past four years, will be closed on the holiday this year. Costco, Home Depot, and REI have already announced their plans to stay closed on the holiday as well. Many retailers say the decision to close is motivated by the fact that Thanksgiving is a day that's meant to be spent at home with family. "We think Thanksgiving is a day for families and for people we care about," Jill Renslow, the Mall of America's senior vice president of marketing, told The Associated Press of the mall's decision to close on Thanksgiving. "We want to give this day back." (Black Friday shoppers at Walmart.Gunnar Rathbun/AP) But the real reason stores are staying closed may have more to do with money. Black Friday sales have fallen in recent years, decreasing 12% to $10.2 billion in 2015 from 2014, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday is even at risk of losing the title of the biggest shopping day of the year. RetailNext, a firm that tracks retail shopper traffic, is predicting that the biggest shopping day this year in terms of sales will be Friday, December 23 — just two days before Christmas. Thanksgiving Day isn't even expected to be among the 10 biggest days for shopping, according to the firm. Retailers are hoping that by holding off on Black Friday sales until the day after Thanksgiving, they may be able to keep the shopping frenzy alive. "Black Friday historically has been such a great shopping day," CBL CEO Stephen Lebovitz told CNBC. "It's lost its luster because we've diluted it ... We want to bring back Black Friday and make it fun." (The Mall of America is staying closed on Thanksgiving this year.AP) That luster is especially important because it makes Black Friday more than just a day of sales but also an in-store experience — something customers can avoid when shopping online. Last year, Americans spent more than $3 billion on Cyber Monday, an increase of 16% from the prior year. If customers don't have much of an interest in shopping on Thanksgiving, retailers don't have much to lose by opening six to 12 hours later. In fact, because of a backlash against opening on Thanksgiving, they have the chance to avoid bad press and get a public-relations boost by respecting employees' holidays. (AP) Last year, Change.org petitions targeted at Target and Macy's called on the retailers to stay closed on Thanksgiving. "Stores are opening on Thanksgiving Day in the pursuit of ever bigger holiday profits," said the Target petition, which has more than 100,000 signatures. "This comes at the expense of retail workers, who will spend the day at work instead of with their families. It's time to return Black Friday to its rightful place: Friday." Walmart, Target, Macy's, and Best Buy all kicked off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day last year. They have yet to announce their plans for 2016. NOW WATCH: People swarmed a Shoreditch shop to get this brand new doughnut stuffed with ice cream More From Business Insider Tinder culture has taken over, and now it's killing retail Target is taking on IKEA by making affordable modern furniture under $400 Amazon is luring college students with steep discounts TRADING PLATFORM Jetzt handeln Leistungsstarke Handelsplattform von einem Marktführer. Verluste können Ihre Einlagen übersteigen. … Mehr » Top News EU nimmt Gesundheits-Apps ins VisierHandelsblatt Wachstumsbremse Trump, Fed betont UnabhängigkeitHandelsblatt Anzeige  Wie gewonnen, so zerronnenHandelsblatt BMW schafft 60. Absatzrekord in Folgedpa Was der neue Präsident für die Märkte bedeutetFundresearch Personal finance Gute Beziehung zwischen Chef und Team erhöht die Leistungdpa Privates Handy am Arbeitsplatz nutzen - Was erlaubt istdpa Anzeige  Zehn Punkte, die Sie 2016 unbedingt noch abarbeiten solltenYahoo Finanzen "Düsseldorfer Tabelle": Trennungskinder bekommen mehr Unterhaltszahlungendpa Sind Sie unterbezahlt?Yahoo Finanzen Yahoo Finanzen Home Währungsrechner Nachrichten Kurse & Märkte Meine Portfolios Finanztipps Verbrauchertipps Karriere Yahoo Services Autos Clever Horoskop Kino Lifestyle Nachrichten omg! Reisen Spiele Sport TV Video Alle Yahoo Seiten » Hilfe / Vorschläge Datenschutz AGB Impressum Kurse werden bei Verfügbarkeit für NASDAQ, NYSE und NYSEAmex in Echtzeit angezeigt. Siehe auch Zeitverzögerungen für andere Börsen. Kurse und Informationen, die durch unabhängige Anbieter auf der Partnerseite von Yahoo! Finanzen bereitgestellt wurden. Die Kurse werden automatisch aktualisiert und nach 25 Minuten ohne Aktivität ausgeschaltet. Die Kurse werden mit einer Verspätung von mindestens 15 Minuten angezeigt. Alle Angaben sind ohne Gewähr, dienen lediglich der Information und sind nicht für Handelszwecke oder als Empfehlung gedacht. Weder Yahoo! noch einer der unabhängigen Anbieter können für Richtigkeit, Vollständigkeit oder Verspätungen sowie Handlungen, die durch die Nutzung der hier enthaltenen Informationen vorgenommen wurden, haftbar gemacht werden. Durch Ihren Besuch der Website von Yahoo! erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, die darauf enthaltenen Informationen nicht weiterzugeben. Fundamentale Firmendaten werden von Capital IQ bereitgestellt. Historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Commodity Systems Inc. (CSI) bereitgestellt. Internationale historische Chart-Daten und tägliche Aktualisierungen werden von Morningstar, Inc. bereitgestellt. Yahoo! - News Network
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News Webcam job interviews increase in popularity By Emma Brannam Monday 17 Oct 2016 11:24 a.m. Share this story As if the interview process wasn't nerve-wracking enough, job seekers are increasingly facing another challenge, the webcam interview. The trend, now being used by some New Zealand firms, originated in the US where it's become particularly popular with the big retailers such as Walmart and finance houses like Deloitte and the major airlines. Think of it as similar to Skyping or FaceTiming, without the friendly factor. In fact, 90 percent of the time there isn't a real person on the other end listening to the interviewee's answers. Responses are recorded within a set time frame and viewed later. HireVue, one of a handful of companies making video-on-demand software, says it will conduct 2.5 million interviews this year. That's up from just 13,000 five years ago. For employers there are several benefits to this kind of interview.  The average recruitment process is reduced from 25 days down to just 4.5 and it allows for many more candidates to be screened. Human resources staff have the ability to review the answers in their own time, without leaving their office. Answers can also be viewed repeatedly and compared against other candidates. For employees, the only benefit appears to be convenience. Generally, a person will be given a day or two to complete the interview and answers can usually be re-recorded if mistakes are made. For now, the webcam interview hasn't replaced human interaction completely. It's used mainly for first round screening with a more traditional interview following, if a person gets short-listed. Employment expert tips for a webcam job interview: Wear a suit or similar job interview attire, not trackpants - Brighter shades help prevent people from looking washed out and women can wear a little more makeup than usual but not so much as to look garish. Choose a quiet spot with an uncluttered background - Nobody wants to see that untidy kitchen or bedroom. Don't sit on the sofa either. Sit at a desk and frame yourself, if possible, with a mid-shot as it's the most flattering. Smile and maintain eye contact - This is can be tricky. Try not to get distracted by what's on the computer or your face beaming back at you. Instead, focus on the camera and maintain that eye contact. Think of the camera as your audience . Keep those gestures open, don't fold your arms and remember to smile. Newshub. Statistics NZ delays retail trade release Market rattled as investors assess quake NZ dollar falls after earthquake hits Christchurch open for tourists Median house price jumps in October #Markets #Employment #Business Share this story Most popular Aerial footage of decimated Kaikoura rail line Picton fire chief scolds social media pests Kaikoura quake damage worse than thought - John Key Did the supermoon trigger the earthquakes? Trending New Zealand earthquake: The worst-affected areas In pictures: Earthquake rocks New Zealand Earthquake latest: Big aftershock hits Kaikoura Did the supermoon trigger the earthquakes? Family home looted after quake evacuation New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356

Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Kate Taylor Oct. 16, 2016, 5:37 PM 118,193 facebook linkedin twitter email print Black Friday shoppers in New York City. Yana Paskova/Getty Retailers have officially lost the so-called war on Thanksgiving. An increasing number of retailers are closing on Thanksgiving Day this year in response to backlash against the trend of starting Black Friday sales a day early. CBL & Associates, the operator of 89 regional malls and shopping centers, announced it would close 73 of its locations on Thanksgiving Day and not open until 6 a.m. on Black Friday, CNBC reported. Last year, the mall operator opened at 6 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The Mall of America, which has opened on Thanksgiving for the past four years, will be closed on the holiday this year. Costco, Home Depot, and REI have already announced their plans to stay closed on the holiday as well. Many retailers say the decision to close is motivated by the fact that Thanksgiving is a day that's meant to be spent at home with family. "We think Thanksgiving is a day for families and for people we care about," Jill Renslow, the Mall of America's senior vice president of marketing, told The Associated Press of the mall's decision to close on Thanksgiving. "We want to give this day back." Black Friday shoppers at Walmart. Gunnar Rathbun/AP But the real reason stores are staying closed may have more to do with money. Black Friday sales have fallen in recent years, decreasing 12% to $10.2 billion in 2015 from 2014, according to ShopperTrak. Looking at the entire four-day weekend, brick-and-mortar retail sales fell by 10.4%, to $20.4 billion last year. Black Friday is even at risk of losing the title of the biggest shopping day of the year. RetailNext, a firm that tracks retail shopper traffic, is predicting that the biggest shopping day this year in terms of sales will be Friday, December 23 — just two days before Christmas. Thanksgiving Day isn't even expected to be among the 10 biggest days for shopping, according to the firm. Retailers are hoping that by holding off on Black Friday sales until the day after Thanksgiving, they may be able to keep the shopping frenzy alive. "Black Friday historically has been such a great shopping day," CBL CEO Stephen Lebovitz told CNBC. "It's lost its luster because we've diluted it ... We want to bring back Black Friday and make it fun." The Mall of America is staying closed on Thanksgiving this year. AP That luster is especially important because it makes Black Friday more than just a day of sales but also an in-store experience — something customers can avoid when shopping online. Last year, Americans spent more than $3 billion on Cyber Monday, an increase of 16% from the prior year. If customers don't have much of an interest in shopping on Thanksgiving, retailers don't have much to lose by opening six to 12 hours later. In fact, because of a backlash against opening on Thanksgiving, they have the chance to avoid bad press and get a public-relations boost by respecting employees' holidays. AP Last year, Change.org petitions targeted at Target and Macy's called on the retailers to stay closed on Thanksgiving. "Stores are opening on Thanksgiving Day in the pursuit of ever bigger holiday profits," said the Target petition, which has more than 100,000 signatures. "This comes at the expense of retail workers, who will spend the day at work instead of with their families. It's time to return Black Friday to its rightful place: Friday." Walmart, Target, Macy's, and Best Buy all kicked off their Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving Day last year. They have yet to announce their plans for 2016. SEE ALSO: Black Friday has been dethroned — there's a new biggest shopping day of the year NOW WATCH: People swarmed a Shoreditch shop to get this brand new doughnut stuffed with ice cream Loading video... More: Retail REI Mall Of America Black Friday Thanksgiving black friday 2016 Costco Target Home Depot thanksgiving day shopping facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Retailers are finally realizing that starting Black Friday on Thanksgiving is a terrible idea Retailers have officially lost the so-called... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR

Men with fake guns prompt police warning | CTV Vancouver News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV National News Search CTV Vancouver Search X News Video Weather Morning Live More Contests About Local News Sections British Columbia CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 CTV News Weekend Sports Real Estate News McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Photo Galleries BC-SPCA 2016 Surrey Shootings Sections Latest News CTV Morning Live CTV Morning Live Newscast CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 McLaughlin On Your Side What's Trending The Last Word Sports Dream Destinations Your Money LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Sections Photo Galleries Real Estate News Best of BC Community Calendar BC-SPCA Toy Mountain Ask an Expert Park Royal California Closets King of Floors Sands & Associates About CTV BC Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us About Us How To Find Us Socialize with CTV Vancouver News Tips MyNews Newsletters & Alerts All Local Sites Local Sites CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Men with fake guns prompt police warning CTV Vancouver Published Sunday, October 16, 2016 12:54PM PDT Surrey RCMP officers responded to reports of a group of men wearing facemasks and carrying handguns in an underground parkade Saturday night, only to find the men were “just playing around” with imitation firearms. The incident took place just after 8:30 p.m. near the Walmart at Guildford Mall. When police arrived at the scene, they found some of the men still wearing masks and carrying what appeared to be pistols. Officers detained the men at gunpoint before determining that their weapons were fake. Police said the men “could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” In light of the incident, Surrey RCMP are reminding the public that imitation firearms are often difficult to distinguish from the real thing. Until they can determine with certainty that a weapon is not real, officers must deal with the situation as though it is, police said. Related Stories RCMP arrest man carrying imitation firearm in Surrey Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV News at Six Vancouver for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News at Six Vancouver for Saturday, November 12, 2016 Air Date: November 12, 2016 false CTV Montreal: A shocking fine Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Top stories from Vancouver 5 businesses destroyed, owners emotional after blaze Firefighters say no one was injured in the blaze, which was hampered by a roof collapse. 2 Mom skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at centre Victoria sailor to make second world solo attempt Researchers worried orca population will flatline with female deaths weather Change city   Full forecast and radar Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Craigslist sale turns into terrifying attempted robbery 1 2 5 businesses destroyed, owners emotional after blaze 2 3 From $86K to $3.3M: Comparing costs of housing in Canada, U.S. 4 Mom skeptical of investigation into son's deadly overdose at centre 5 High-risk sex offender on the loose in Vancouver for the third time 1 6 Celebration of life ceremony held for ‘vibrant’ teen killed in school attack 1 7 Warm, wonky weather shatters records across Lower Mainland 1 8 Researchers worried orca population will flatline with female deaths 1 9 Seriously injured man stumbles into pizza shop with stab wound 10 Rare black cougar blamed for attack on tiny therapy horse 1 Advertisement Follow CTV Vancouver on Twitter CTV Vancouver Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News 2016 Presidential Election Politics Crime Education Investigations Texas Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART DMN Contributors Network Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person News Commentary North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Did Clinton aide plant seeds for personal venture with her support for projects in Haiti, Africa? Filed under 2016 Presidential Election at Oct 16 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now As chief of staff and counselor to Hillary Clinton at the State Department, Cheryl Mills worked ceaselessly to help a South Korean garment maker open a factory in Haiti, the centerpiece of U.S. government efforts to jump-start the island nation's economy after the 2010 earthquake. Mills took the lead on smoothing the way for the company, Sae-A Trading, which secured millions of dollars in incentives to make its Haiti investment more attractive, despite criticism of its labor record elsewhere.  Wikileaks releases Wall Street speeches that Clinton campaign kept under wraps When she presided over the project's unveiling in September 2010, she introduced Sae-A's chairman, Woong-ki Kim, as the most important person at the ceremony, which included Clinton and the Haitian prime minister. Kim would later become important to Mills in a far more personal way -- as a financial backer of a company she started after leaving the State Department in 2013. The company, BlackIvy Group, is pursuing infrastructure projects in Tanzania and Ghana, the only African nations in the "Partnership for Growth," an Obama administration initiative that Clinton helped initiate that promotes investment in developing countries. The partnership with Kim sheds light on the business activities of Mills -- a longtime Clinton loyalist who is likely to play a significant role in any future Clinton White House -- as well as the interlocking public and private relationships that have long characterized the Clintons' inner circle.  A lawyer, Mills has been a target of Republican critics for her central role in determining which emails from Clinton's private server would be publicly disclosed, and for sharing information about Africa -- later designated as classified -- with the Clinton Foundation while working at the State Department. During Mills' tenure at the department, Kim's company, Sae-A, became a donor to the Clinton Foundation, through its Clinton Global Initiative, and Mills remained involved in foundation matters. According to emails hacked from the accounts of Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, and released by WikiLeaks, Mills helped draft memos and consulted on internal organizational issues at the foundation, though she used her personal Gmail account and not her government email. Tweet by Bill Clinton accuser sparked effort to discredit her by Hillary camp, leaked emails show Another close Clinton aide at the State Department, Huma Abedin, was for a time permitted to work for the foundation and an outside consulting firm while serving as a "special government employee." Mills was also granted the same special designation after leaving the department, during the period when she was getting BlackIvy off the ground. The unpaid, part-time government role was "solely focused on Haiti" and did not involve her activities at BlackIvy, according to her spokesman, Eric London. Since teaming up through BlackIvy, Mills and Kim have maintained close business ties, appearing together last year for the opening of a new Sae-A factory in Costa Rica where they cut the ribbon alongside Costa Rica's president, Luis Guillermo Solís. In Africa, representatives of the United States Agency for International Development have consulted with BlackIvy and Sae-A about efforts to expand the textile trade in Ghana, where BlackIvy says the country's 23-cents-an-hour minimum wage "compares favorably" to higher wages in China, Bangladesh and Vietnam. Federal officials are barred from using their positions to negotiate future employment or exchange services for something of value, and no evidence has emerged to suggest that occurred with BlackIvy. Both Mills and Kim deny that his investment was influenced by the substantial assistance she provided his company while serving as Clinton's right hand at the State Department. Mills, 51, declined to be interviewed for this article, but London, a BlackIvy spokesman, said she had consulted with the State Department ethics office before accepting Kim's investment "to ensure it was consistent with any rules that applied to her because of her service." "Ms. Mills and Mr. Kim met during her work for the State Department in Haiti during earthquake reconstruction," London said. "She had no personal business ventures and no discussions about any prospective business with Mr. Kim while she was at State." Karen Seo, a spokeswoman for Sae-A, said the State Department's assistance in Haiti played no role in Kim's decision to invest in BlackIvy. His discussions about making the investment began in "late 2014," she said, more than a year after Mills had left the government. Seo said Sae-A "currently has no plans to invest in garment and textile manufacturing facilities in Africa," and that Mills had no business relationship with Sae-A outside of BlackIvy, adding that her appearance with Kim at the Sae-A factory opening in Costa Rica was of a social nature. "Ms. Mills was invited and came to the Costa Rica event as a friend, as did many others," she said. Hacked emails show $1M donation from Qatar, raise possibility of Clinton Foundation ethics breach Mills first gained public notice in the 1990s as a member of the legal team that defended then-President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial. A graduate of Stanford Law School, she worked for Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful 2008 presidential campaign. While she has said she has no formal role with Clinton's current campaign for president, she remains a close confidante -- she was one of the few people aware of Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis days before it was made public. While at the State Department, Mills took the lead on a number of projects important to Clinton, perhaps none more so than Haiti. Even before the January 2010 earthquake, the impoverished Caribbean nation was the focus of attention from the Clintons. Bill Clinton, whose foundation is active there, had been named a United Nations special envoy to Haiti, and as early as April 2009, just a few months after becoming secretary of state, Hillary Clinton was being forwarded emails from Mills containing economic development ideas. Some of those ideas were from Jean-Louis Warnholz, an economist whose consulting business provided "intelligence on African markets." In emails and meetings with the Clintons and Mills, he advocated investment in textiles and agriculture as a way to create jobs, a theory that was fast-tracked in Haiti after the earthquake with a proposal for an industrial park anchored by a major garment factory. Mills soon hired Warnholz as her own adviser at the State Department -- he would later join her at BlackIvy -- and the two worked closely to push the industrial park concept. After overtures to another South Korean garment company fell through, Hillary Clinton and Mills met with Sae-A Trading executives during a trip to Seoul to pitch the idea. Sae-A supplies clothing to some of the largest U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart and Kohl's, and has been accused of illegal tactics against union organizers at a plant in Guatemala, charges the company disputes. Ultimately, the United States provided about $124 million to develop a power plant, housing and other improvements for the Haiti industrial park, while an international development bank contributed $100 million and the Haitians provided the land. Sae-A agreed to invest $78 million. Sae-A was blunt about the need to make the deal worth the money. "This is business," a company spokesman said at the time. "At the end of the day, it's about making a profit." In addition to being good for Sae-A, the Haiti project recast the low-profile Kim as the sort of enlightened global capitalist the Clintons favor, earning him appearances at the Clinton Global Initiative and other international forums. When the industrial park opened for business in October, the Clintons were on hand for the celebration. Hillary Clinton thanked Kim "for everything that you and the leadership of Sae-A is doing," and she praised Mills for being the "real driver of our government's support for everything that we see here today." Six months after she resigned from the State Department in February 2013, Mills incorporated BlackIvy Group. She has described it as a "private operating company that builds commercial enterprises in sub-Saharan Africa." Kim was among a handful of prominent investors in BlackIvy, according to a description that was once on BlackIvy's website but has since been removed. The deleted page carried the heading "Our Team" and listed, in addition to Kim: Continental Grain, a multinational agribusiness with operations in Haiti; Steve Case, founder of AOL; Wall Street financier John Mack; hedge fund founder Raymond Dalio; and Beck, Mack & Oliver, an investment firm. The executive chairman of BlackIvy is Anthony Welters, a retired health insurance executive and longtime friend and mentor to Mills who has raised money for Hillary Clinton's campaign. His son, Bryant, works for BlackIvy, and his wife, Beatrice Wilkinson Welters, was the American ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago from 2010 to 2012. In July, two BlackIvy representatives, including Bryant Welters, met with government leaders in Trinidad, part of what the prime minister's office there said was a visit to explore "avenues for doing business with Trinidad and Tobago." Asked why BlackIvy was in the Caribbean, far outside its stated market areas in Africa, the company's spokesman, London, said it had nothing to do with Beatrice Wilkinson Welters' connections as a former ambassador. BlackIvy, he said, was not actually seeking business in Trinidad, but met with companies there "to learn about their successes in the region and to explore opportunities for them to establish operations in Ghana and replicate those successes." What BlackIvy has accomplished so far is not clear. It signed an agreement with officials in Tanzania to develop a transportation hub, but Tanzanian media reports suggest it is progressing slowly. A Tanzanian government audit in March questioned how BlackIvy was chosen, saying "there was no evidence" it was through a competitive bidding process. London said competitive bidding was not needed because BlackIvy's project is privately funded and there is no financial risk to the government. In Ghana, where BlackIvy has been pursuing an industrial park project, a PowerPoint presentation prepared by BlackIvy cited the country's low minimum wage as one of several competitive advantages that made Ghana "an ideal entry point to the West African market." Defending the model of attracting investment with promises of cheap labor, London offered an argument very similar to the one U.S. officials made when explaining why Sae-A's factory would be good for Haiti. "The industrial park will increase manufacturing in Ghana -- creating jobs and catalyzing growth -- which benefits the country and investors," he said. "Wages usually rise when manufacturing sectors expand and produce higher-value goods, which is what we want to see in Ghana." BlackIvy's rationale did not sway labor advocates like Scott Nova, executive director of the Worker Rights Consortium, who had criticized the Haiti project as a misguided U.S. relief effort that glossed over Sae-A's labor-relations history. "When you urge garment manufacturers producing in countries like Bangladesh, where wages are far too low for workers to adequately support their families, to move production to countries with even lower wages, it undercuts the efforts of apparel workers across the Global South to persuade governments, employers and major apparel brands to lift wages to a decent level," Nova said. From The New York Times Posted by Breaking News editor Matt Peterson View Comments Tags 2016 Presidential Election Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2016, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds subscribe Site Archive Nancy Lee Hathaway , 74, of Union Sunday Oct 16, 2016 at 12:53 PM Nancy Lee Hathaway , 74 years, 8 months and 26 days, of Union, passed away on Oct. 13, 2016, at her home surrounded by her family. Nancy Lee Crook was born Jan. 17, 1942, in Nebraska City, the daughter of Charles P. and Marjorie (Eaton) Crook.   On Dec. 17, 1959, Nancy and Larry Ray Hathaway were united in marriage in Rock Port, Mo. To their union they had a son, Larry Lee, and a daughter Jill Nadine. She was a life long resident of  Union, where Nancy and Larry raised her children. She held many different jobs, which included: American Meter, Union Orchard, Walmart, and lately, at Peterson Mortuary, since 1984. Nancy was very out going and would go out of her way to make a person feel loved. Nancy was the rock of the family and was the care giver for all of them. She enjoyed working in her yard raising flowers, making jams and crocheting which she would give out at as Christmas gifts. She active in Order of Eastern Star and was a pass Worthy Matron. Nancy was preceded in her passing by her father, on Feb 23, 1986; daughter, Jill Nadine Jones on Jan. 19, 2009; mother, on Sept. 27, 2013; and her husband on Jan. 30, 2016. Survivors of Nancy include  her son, Larry Lee Hathaway and his wife Lisa, of Union; her four granddaughters: Ashley Hathaway and her fiancée Jesse Drumheller of Union, Maegan Balfour and her husband Nolan of Nehawka, Nadine Jones-Kucera of Omaha, and Natalie Jones and her fiancée  Stephen Green of Omaha; six great grandchildren, Chloe D. Cavanzon, Augustus “Gus” Drumheller, Gavin K. Balfour, Acelyn J. Kucera, Grace M. Balfour and Rexton Green; sister, Mary S. Smith of Spokane, Wash.; brothers: Leonard C. Crook and wife Peggy of Nebraska City, and Larry A. Crook and wife Vicki of Nehawka; many other family members and friends. Visitation was to be on Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016, from 1 p.m. to 8 p.m. with the family greeting friends from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. with Queen Esther Chapter 1, Order of Eastern Star 6 p.m. at Peterson Mortuary Chapel. Celebration of Life Funeral service for Nancy Lee Hathaway was to be held on Monday, Oct. 17, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., at the First Presbyterian Church in Nebraska City. Burial was to follow at East Union Cemetery near Union. Memorials are suggested to the choice of the family. Flowers and condolences can be sent to Peterson Mortuary, 111 N 11th St, Nebraska City, NE 68410, or on our website - www.PetersonMortuaryNE.com or emailed to PetersonMortuary@hotmail.com. Local Services are entrusted to Peterson Mortuary at 111 North 11th Street in Nebraska City, Nebraska, 68410. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Submit News Submit Engagement Announcement Submit Wedding Announcement Submit Anniversary Announcement Submit Birth Announcement Market Place Classifieds Place an Ad Shopping Coupons Boats Magazine Community Info TV Listings Nebraska Missing Persons Chamber of Commerce Sex Offender Registry Nebraska Road Conditions Gas Prices Communities Area Schools Nebraska City on Wikipedia Syracuse, NE Hamburg, Iowa Media Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Obituaries Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Nebraska City News-Press - Nebraska City, NE ~ 823 Central Ave, Nebraska City, NE 68410 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire Shareable State News Election 2016 Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Games Calendar Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
city ‹ › Kelowna's Homepage ●●● Sunday, Nov 13 6°C FlyersAutoMallEventsCamsTango Home Kelowna West Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Poll Letters Get Involved Opinion What's up BC Missing woman in Surrey Surrey 4:27 pm - 3,713 views Premier to visit Buckingham United Kingdom 4:17 pm - 2,131 views Former anchor joins BC Libs Burnaby 3:46 pm - 16,775 views Kelowna West Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Vancouver Victoria Prince George Nelson All BC News Canada Leitch home alarm triggered Ontario 7:12 pm - 2,821 views Mapping media changes Canada 6:04 pm - 2,072 views Retrieving sunken tug Canada 5:41 pm - 1,333 views More Canada News World Supermoon to light up sky World 8:39 pm - 3,052 views Ninja steals katana sword Alaska 5:31 pm - 3,234 views Priebus named chief of staff U.S. 5:23 pm - 2,504 views More World News Business Business this week Business 7:46 am - 783 views Nasal device recalled Business - 1,346 views No Facebook effect on vote U.S. Election - 5,261 views Press Room Services Biz Opportunities Sports Late TD helps Lions win Vancouver 4:40 pm - 2,055 views Granlund overtime hero Sports 3:47 pm - 1,458 views Sweet victory for Sweeting Sports 1:24 pm - 495 views WHL BCHL BCFC KIJHL UBCO Heat Golf Ski Big White Silver Star Apex Sun Peaks ShowBiz Pink's pregnant with No. 2 Entertainment 4:58 am - 4,046 views Actor Robert Vaughn dies Entertainment - 9,160 views Won't sing till son is well Entertainment - 7,811 views TV Books Offbeat Around the Web Paparazzi Heather's Horoscope Ryan Donn Viral Videos Photos Showbiz Music Classifieds+ Automall RV-Boats-Powersports Flyers Jobs Real Estate Rentals Vehicles Auto Parts Rec Vehicles House-Home Furniture Electronics Fashion Kids Sports-Health Hobbies-Music Library Vintage-Antiques Home Improvement Commercial-Business Horse-Farm-Pets Services Garage-Free-Auctions Stores Classifieds Rate Sheet Real Estate Listings Showhome Showcase Luxury Homes Investment Real Estate Okanagan HOME Open Houses Opinion Poll Letters Forums Columnists Opinion Marzio's Cartoons Our Town Obituaries Adopt-a-Pet Events Movies Cams Gallery Crime Stoppers Get Involved Kelowna Council YLW Arrive / Depart YLW Connection Mag Bus Schedule Campus Life Okanagan Campus Life Kamloops Food & Drink Wine Maps Celebrations Contests ‹    Cities Armstrong, City of Enderby, City of Hedley, Township of Kamloops, City of Kelowna, City of   Pay Parking Tickets Keremeos, Village of Lake Country Merritt, City of Oliver, Town of Osoyoos, Town of Peachland, District of Penticton, City of Summerland, District of Vernon, City of West Kelowna, City of Westbank First Nation RDCO RDOS TNRD Interior Health Library UBC Okanagan Okanagan College Weather Kelowna Penticton Vernon Salmon Arm Kamloops Vancouver BC   Group detained at gunpoint Carmen Weld - Oct 16, 2016 / 8:15 am | Story: 178384 Photo: Facebook - Surrey RCMP Surrey RCMP are sending out a stern warning after a group of men with imitation firearms were detained at gunpoint. On Oct. 15 at 8:40 p.m., RCMP were told a group of approximately five men were seen wearing masks and holding what appeared to be handguns in an underground parkade, near the Walmart at the Guildford Mall in Surrey, Staff Sgt. Murray Hedderson says officers immediately attended the location and located the group of men, some of them still wearing masks, with what appeared to be pistols in their hands.  “The group of males was detained at gunpoint and it was determined that the handguns that they had were actually imitation firearms,” says Hedderson. “The group of males were just playing around and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade.” Hedderson says Mounties want to remind the public that many fake or imitation firearms, until closely examined, are very hard to distinguish from real firearms. “Even trained police officers can not tell the difference between some of the imitation firearms and the real thing until they are closely examined,” says Hedderson. “Until the weapon can be identified as being an imitation firearm, the police have to deal with the situation as if the weapon was real.” Top Stories Report a Typo Discuss in Forums More BC News BC Vancouver Webcam Webcam provided by webcams.travel Recent Trending Supermoon to light up skyWorld - 8:39 pm A nutty harvest salePenticton - 8:07 pm Leitch home alarm triggeredOntario - 7:12 pm Mapping media changesCanada - 6:04 pm Retrieving sunken tugCanada - 5:41 pm No end to transit strikeKelowna - 11:52 am Former anchor joins BC LibsBurnaby - 3:46 pm Supermoon to light up skyWorld - 8:39 pm Leitch home alarm triggeredOntario - 7:12 pm Deadly quake rocks N.Z.New Zealand - 5:10 pm More Top Stories > All BC News > Send us your news tips > BC Quick Links BC Discussion Forum Government of BC Wildfire News Provincial Emergency Program BC Health Guide Drive BC BC Ferries Most Recent on German guy blocks car exhaust Must Watch “My Eyes! The Goggles do Nothing!”   Shia LaBeouf: ‘Marriage is the best thing I ever did’ Showbiz Marriage is really agreeing with Transformers star Shia LaBeouf... Animal Posts On Tumblr That Are Impossible Not To Laugh At Galleries Having a bad day? Then don’t worry because we’ve got... Animal Posts On Tumblr That Are Impossible Not To Laugh At (2) Galleries More of our favorite animal posts from Tumblr! Idiots laser a news helicopter Must Watch Sweet sweet justice gets served up © 2016 Castanet.net Make Castanet Your Homepage News Tips Advertising Contact Us
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GREEN SHOOTS The American midwest is home to the country’s scrappiest tech startups Written by Bailey Reutzel October 16, 2016 Farming isn’t the only midwest’s only growth activity. (AP Photo/Seth Perlman) Share Written by Bailey Reutzel October 16, 2016 Engineers in hoodies walk around a bright office, while casually dressed marketing executives grab snacks from the kitchen’s unlimited supply. Visitors pass through a workspace divided into “team pods” as interns between meetings play foosball in the common area. It’s the quintessential portrait of a tech startup, one most people associate with Google, Facebook, and other giants of Silicon Valley. But this particular office isn’t in the Valley, or in California at all. It’s the headquarters of five-year-old video production company TruScribe—in Madison, Wisconsin. Founded by Jim Herkert and his son and son-in-law, TruScribe has three offices and more than 650 clients, Walmart and Hewlett-Packard among them. Weird Al Yankovic even worked with the company on the music video for his song “Mission Statement.” But most people have never heard of TruScribe. While the US tech scene is having a major moment, the glitz and glamour of Silicon Valley can be hard to come by in the American midwest. It’s a challenge that affects everything from investment to hiring to press—but also one that makes for bootstrapping success stories. Flyover money To date, TruScribe has raised $2 million in venture capital, all of it from local investors. Herkert says coastal VC firms have a knee-jerk aversion to the so-called “flyover states.” “There’s a bias in people to focus on what’s in their backyard,” says Chris Olsen, a partner at Columbus, Ohio-based Drive Capital. The numbers bear that out. According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, in 2014 less than 5% of the $48.3 million in VC money doled out to US tech companies went to startups based in the midwest. In the second quarter of this year, it was only 3%. Chicago, the only midwestern city to crack the top 20 for global VC investment, commands just 1.6% of total funding. And AngelList shows roughly 300 open startup jobs in the region, compared with 3,000 each in Silicon Valley and New York. “The people in San Francisco think you’re not as good,” says Jeff Shinrock, a Des Moines-based developer with gamification platform Bunchball. “Because if you were, you would already live in San Francisco.” Startup savvy While Silicon Valley is rife with stories of funding preceding viable products, midwest startups don’t have the luxury of easy money. But that does give them the advantage of thrift. “The amount of work we got done from the limited funding we got, our tech was what we put that money toward,” says Herkert. TruScribe recently cut costs by automating part of its whiteboard animation process, which reduced the man-hours needed for each video by 25%. The company put that savings toward new production systems. “What you see a lot here [in the midwest] is bootstrapping more than anything,” says Jordan Lampe, head of communications and policy affairs for Dwolla, a Des Moines-based real-time payments platform. “A startup [here] must do all it can to hedge the aversions of local investors.” On the horizon There is hope, though, as a confluence of factors give midwest startups new opportunity. Chief among them: The region is home to more Fortune 500 companies than anywhere else in the world. “The opportunity here to be engaged with larger companies has limited [startups’] needs to go the venture capital route,” says Dana Davis, CEO of the Bentonville/Bella Vista Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas. “If you’re near a large company, that obviously ups your chances of finding an exit.” Moreover, Olsen says these corporate giants are “dying to have a startup come in and show them how to run their business better, faster, and cheaper.” Hiring is getting easier, too. Many midwestern states are now providing STEM initiatives to get kids interested in science, technology, and math, and to entice graduates to stay in the area. It doesn’t hurt that New York and San Francisco are more expensive than ever, or that technology infrastructure has made location increasingly less import to startups, their potential employees, or future acquirers. Perhaps most important though, the midwestern mentality is changing. Growing up in Cincinnati, Ohio, Olsen says many people he knew were on the track to work at Procter & Gamble, which is headquartered there. Now young people want to build their own companies. “In the next 10 years, the midwest will be one of the best places for tech startups,” he says. “You don’t have to raise $100 million to be profitable.” Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Hot Topics: U.S. Presidential Election News Local Elections Where We Live My Classic Car The Alphabet Print   Email   Font Resize COMMUNITY CONVERSATIONS: Positive Change for Animals to host Paint Night fundraiser By Cheryl Cuddahy Updated:   10/16/2016 08:58:19 AM EDT "Cats on a Coach" will be the featured painting at a Paint Night hosted by Positive Change for Animals on Oct. 26. SUBMITTED PHOTO Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site. LEOMINSTER -- Positive Change for Animals, a group designed to promote just that, will hold a Paint Night Fundraiser from 6:45-10:15 p.m. on Oct. 26, at The Luxury Box Restaurant, located at 899 Central St. Cost of the event is $32 per person. "Participants of the Paint Night are sure to enjoy socializing and appetizers, while engaging in a guided art project titled 'Cats on the Couch,'" said Karen Bacon, founding member of Positive Change for Animals. "The artwork will feature cats, and money raised will benefit the Pat Brody Shelter for Cats in Lunenburg." All paint materials and canvas are provided, and each participant will make his or her own masterpiece. No prior art experience or talent is required. Pre-defined layout and a step-by-step process will help participants create their masterpiece. Pat Brody lived in Lunenburg and had a very special love for cats. She founded the shelter in 1984 as a means to help stray cats. When Brody died of cancer in 1991, there was concern over the fate of the shelter. Priscilla Deschamps, the current shelter director, had been volunteering with Pat for about a year and she stepped forward and took over the shelter with the help of a dedicated group of volunteers. Much has changed since then. In 1991, the shelter was helping 80-plus cats. Today it adopts out 600 or more cats each year. It continues to improve its facilities and expand services. Advertisement All of this work is done by volunteers and through adoption fees and donations. It's a labor of love that is reflected in the good health and upbeat attitudes of the shelter's feline population. The Pat Brody Shelter for Cats is also a member of the Very Best Pet Network, a program created by the American Humane Association in partnership with Wal-Mart and Purina. Through this program, the local Wal-Mart store allows the shelter to post pictures of cats available for adoption on a display board in the store's pet department. "Positive Change for Animals is an organization that I formed as a way of bringing together people who are interested in volunteering to help animals and/or improve their lives," Bacon said. "The group has a social orientation as well as a volunteer one, with many meetups having games or crafts in addition to project or event planning agendas." The group sponsors meetups, community events and volunteer opportunities on a wide range of animal-related issues. "We are on both Facebook and Meetup.com, and anyone who wishes to help animals in any capacity is welcome to join," she said. "Activities can be direct and hands-on with animals, or in the realm of fundraising, event promotion, and legislative awareness." The organization has a large membership, but most regular meetings are with a core group of four to six people. "Like-minded individuals can find a place to share their ways of influencing others about animal issues, not necessarily through activism, but through simple person-to-person interactions," Bacon said. "We welcome and encourage new attendees, and we hold activities such as a non-dairy ice cream social which had over 60 attendees." The Pat Brody Shelter for Cats is also looking for ways to invite volunteers whether at the shelter, through fostering a kitten at your home, or sponsoring a cat or kitten who may not get adopted anytime soon. "We definitely encourage people to attend this or any other event or meetup we sponsor," Bacon said. "If you care about animals, want to make new friends, and participate in social and community events to benefit animal causes, you should join our group." Tickets are still available, and can be purchased by becoming a member of the meetup group, https://www.meetup.com/Positive-Change-for-Animals-Social-and-Volunteer-Group/events/234069835/ and RSVP-ing to the 10/26 event. Alternatively, tickets can be purchased by using the following PayPal link: https://www.paypal.me/PCAPaintNight/32. For more information on the Pat Brody Shelter for Cats, call 978-582-6116, email pbs@catsontheweb.org or visit www.catsontheweb.org. Got a column subject or item for Community Conversations? Email ccuddahy@sentinelandenterprise.com. Read her blog at blogs sentinelandenterprise.com/communityconversations. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top     Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sentinel and Enterprise. So keep it civil. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google+ The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 43° 43° Low 39° High 68° Mon 40° 68° Tue 42° 71° Wed 44° 73° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Man arrested for identity theft after giving police false I.D. Posted 6:14 am, October 16, 2016, by Associated Press Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Levi Joseph Herr (Photo courtesy: Decatur police) × Man arrested for identity theft after giving police false I.D. Levi Joseph Herr (Photo courtesy: Decatur police) DECATUR, Ala. (AP) – A man is in jail for identity theft after police found he had identification documents that did not belong to him. A complaint Friday of two people soliciting money at Walmart led police to an investigation. Police said one of them, later identified as Levi Joseph Herr, gave an officer a Georgia identification card belonging to someone else. Police arrested Herr on a charge of giving a false name to a law enforcement officer and transported him for Decatur City Jail for booking. Later on Saturday investigators discovered Herr had obtained identification documents in the victim’s name, without authorization or consent. Herr was also charged with identity theft. He will later be transferred to the Morgan County Jail once his bond is set. 34.605925 -86.983342 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Air quality alert issued due to wildfire smoke Heavy smoke blankets Marshall County, south Huntsville Twins born as Daylight Saving Time ends cause rare age twist Smoke from Georgia wildfires blows into the Tennessee Valley reducing air quality, visibility Latest News Local Church Hosts Unity Rally Scottsboro boy going to Tuscaloosa for Crimson Wish November 11: Madison Academy vs Fayette County, North Jackson vs Hokes Bluff, Minor vs Hartselle, Decatur vs Ramsay, Gardendale vs Muscle Shoals, Austin vs Pinson Valley November 11: James Clemens vs Hoover, Scottsboro vs Fairfield, Wenonah vs Brooks, Cleveland vs Fyffe, Sand Rock vs Tanner, Ohatchee vs Lauderdale County Huntsville Self-proclaimed ‘sovereign citizens’ evicted from Madison County home; found with stolen IDs, foreign cash & equipment News Man charged after multiple vehicle break-ins and a burglary Decatur News Decatur man arrested after burglary investigation; facing drug charges News Former Best Way Rent-to-Own employee accused of stealing customer’s identity News Man asks officers to find briefcase, gets arrested when ‘important work’ turns out to be cocaine: police Decatur News Decatur shooting suspect located; charged with assault and possession News Man drops ring, shoots girlfriend to death after she rejects marriage proposal: police Decatur Decatur man arrested after domestic violence investigation Huntsville Man charged with attempted murder after police manhunt Athens Athens Police make arrest in Facebook ‘yard sale’ robbery, assault Decatur News Decatur Police discover soiled toddler on apartment balcony; father charged with child abuse Huntsville Man charged in ‘sovereign citizen’ fraud case remains in Huntsville, denies any wrongdoing News Man dies in Limestone Co. jail same day he’s arrested Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Monday, November 14, 2016 North Bay, ON 6° Clear Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Bomb scare forces evacuation of store Sunday, October 16, 2016 6:09:09 EDT AM OPP Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error The Temiskaming Shores detachment of the Ontario Provincial Police are investigating a bomb threat at the Walmart store in Dymond Township Friday night.   OPP said the call was received at about 7:50 p.m. and the store on Highway 11 was immediately evacuated. Nothing was found in a search of the premises. Anyone who may have information on the incident is asked to contact the OPP at 1-888-310-1122 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), where you may be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $2,000.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Insurance Nancy Kirkham - Certified Financial Planner Home Improvement Insul-Tech (Insulation Specialist) Real Estate Eric Hyatt Real Estate Limited Brokerage Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2016 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
null
null
null
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds City NewsPoliticsTopicsEnvironmentEducationAnnouncementsTrafficPhotosBlogs News Krispy Kreme is coming to Menifee on Nov. 15 News Mission Inn Run creates mad dash through downtown Riverside News How one Jew survived the Holocaust – and why he shared his story with Corona News Here's what will change under Riverside's new contract with largest union News Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Tweet    Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 8 More Galleries     Giant marijuana cigarettes are seen in May during the Denver 420 Rally, the world's largest celebration of legal cannabis and cannabis culture. Colorado is one of four U.S. states that have legalized recreational marijuana. JASON CONNOLLY, AFP/GETTY IMAGES Related article » More from this story SLIDE SHOW: Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? 8 Photos » Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS / Staff Writer Published: Oct. 16, 2016 Updated: Oct. 17, 2016 5:28 p.m. As we crossed the mountainous border into southeastern Colorado, our rented Mitsubishi Mirage didn’t descend into a cloud of smoke. But the first business my husband and I saw when we exited I-25 in the small town of Trinidad was CannaCo, a recreational pot shop and cultivation facility that sits next door to a Wal-Mart. Coloradans voted to legalize marijuana for adults in 2012 under Amendment 64. Washington also approved recreational pot that year, with Oregon, Alaska and Washington, D.C., soon to follow. Colorado was the first state to open shops in January 2014, though, making it ground zero for the nation’s growing legal cannabis movement. Related: Is pot the next 'Big Tobacco'? It’s early for definitive answers on how legalizing marijuana impacts serious issues such as teen use and drugged driving. For now, most studies suggest little change. But with California weeks from voting on a similar marijuana legalization measure, coincidentally called Proposition 64, my husband and I dedicated a portion of our anniversary road trip to surveying life in a state with legal weed. We found that marijuana is now part of the Rocky Mountain landscape, with shops, grow sites and tours scattered throughout the state. But it also isn’t as prevalent as we expected, with public consumption illegal and alcohol still the more common intoxicant of choice. We heard how legalization has boosted tax revenues and breathed life into struggling areas, with polls showing the majority of Coloradans viewing the change as mostly positive. Related: Polls show support growing for legalized pot� But legal marijuana is an ever-evolving experiment. New regulations kicked in even in the days before we arrived. And, four years into their experiment, some Colorado communities remain conflicted over the controversial plant. EVIDENT, BUT NOT EVERYWHERE The fact that we were about to visit a legal weed state was evident before we left California in late September. As we searched for accommodations, some Colorado spots stated they don’t allow “smoking of any kind.” Others labeled themselves as a “bud and breakfast,” the accepted term for cannabis-friendly lodging. Just as Prop. 64 proposes, Colorado’s law allows local cities to choose whether to welcome shops. So we toured a few “dry” communities, such as Colorado Springs. Then we stayed in Durango, where we heard a radio ad for an area pot shop, and Denver, where it’s easy to find the trademark green crosses as soon as you look for them. Related: Will San Jacinto voters agree to tax pot growers? We popped into downtown Denver’s Cannabis Station, one of eight shops in the Rocky Mountain High Dispensary chain. After flashing our driver’s licenses to a receptionist, we were greeted by two budtenders who said they believe legal weed has made Denver a happier, friendlier place to be. 1 2 3 Next Page Related: Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Political Notebook What the Inland delegations to Washington and Sacramento look like post-election Obama's action allowed them to work here legally. With Trump, they fear deportation Will Trump spur a tea party of the left? COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2016 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Look up and check out the extra Super Moon, the brightest one in 70 years Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build 21-year-old woman dies after stabbing in Anaheim Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets Bruins basketball team shows it can win with physicality, too Defensive pressure on Jake Browning key for Trojans in upset FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news News Consider Colorado: How has legalized pot changed the state 4 years later? Oct. 17, 2016 Updated Oct. 18, 2016 6:56 a.m. 1 of 8 An overlook at Rocky Mountain National Park. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land. BREANNAN LINSLEY AP 1 of 8 This July 19, 2014 photo shows Nymph Lake in the Bear Lake Corridor Trails area in Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land, with signs warning visitors to leave their pot behind. , LINDSEY TANNER AP 1 of 8 Pot containers line shelves at The Station in Boulder, one of many Colorado cities to welcome recreational marijuana businesses. BRENNAN LINSLEY, ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Giant marijuana cigarettes are seen in May during the Denver 420 Rally, the world's largest celebration of legal cannabis and cannabis culture. Colorado is one of four U.S. states that have legalized recreational marijuana. JASON CONNOLLY, AFP/GETTY IMAGES 1 of 8 The candy at BlueKudu in Denver reflects the THC stamp requirement, which took effect Oct. 1. One goal of the rule is to keep edibles out of the hands of kids. , DAVID ZALUBOWSKI, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Candy bar wrappers reflect a new state requirement that marijuana edibles be identified as containing THC, the main compound that makes consumers high. , DAVID ZALUBOWSKI, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 8 Alex Torres walks his dog, Spencer, in downtown Denver. Torres has stage 4 cirrhosis and uses medical marijuana to help make food palatable. COURTESY OF CHRIS STAGGS 1 of 8 Jennifer Morton of My 420 Tours talks with job seekers at CannaSearch, Colorado's first cannabis job fair, in 2014 in Denver. The company offers cannabis-themed tours of the city for visitors and locals. DOUG PENSINGER, GETTY IMAGES View slideshow An overlook at Rocky Mountain National Park. Marijuana possession remains illegal on federal land.BREANNAN LINSLEY AP By BROOKE EDWARDS STAGGS / Staff Writer Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF As we crossed the mountainous border into southeastern Colorado, our rented Mitsubishi Mirage didn’t descend into a cloud of smoke. But the first business my husband and I saw when we exited I-25 in the small town of Trinidad was CannaCo, a recreational pot shop and cultivation facility that sits next door to a Wal-Mart. Coloradans voted to legalize marijuana for adults in 2012 under Amendment 64. Washington also approved recreational pot that year, with Oregon, Alaska and Washington, D.C., soon to follow. Colorado was the first state to open shops in January 2014, though, making it ground zero for the nation’s growing legal cannabis movement. It’s early for definitive answers on how legalizing marijuana impacts serious issues such as teen use and drugged driving. For now, most studies suggest little change. But with California weeks from voting on a similar marijuana legalization measure, coincidentally called Proposition 64, my husband and I dedicated a portion of our anniversary road trip to surveying life in a state with legal weed. We found that marijuana is now part of the Rocky Mountain landscape, with shops, grow sites and tours scattered throughout the state. But it also isn’t as prevalent as we expected, with public consumption illegal and alcohol still the more common intoxicant of choice. We heard how legalization has boosted tax revenues and breathed life into struggling areas, with polls showing the majority of Coloradans viewing the change as mostly positive. But legal marijuana is an ever-evolving experiment. New regulations kicked in even in the days before we arrived. And, four years into their experiment, some Colorado communities remain conflicted over the controversial plant. EVIDENT, BUT NOT EVERYWHERE The fact that we were about to visit a legal weed state was evident before we left California in late September. As we searched for accommodations, some Colorado spots stated they don’t allow “smoking of any kind.” Others labeled themselves as a “bud and breakfast,” the accepted term for cannabis-friendly lodging. Just as Prop. 64 proposes, Colorado’s law allows local cities to choose whether to welcome shops. So we toured a few “dry” communities, such as Colorado Springs. Then we stayed in Durango, where we heard a radio ad for an area pot shop, and Denver, where it’s easy to find the trademark green crosses as soon as you look for them. We popped into downtown Denver’s Cannabis Station, one of eight shops in the Rocky Mountain High Dispensary chain. After flashing our driver’s licenses to a receptionist, we were greeted by two budtenders who said they believe legal weed has made Denver a happier, friendlier place to be. Carrie Griffo, 22, moved to town from upstate New York to attend college and be part of the legal pot industry. Meghann St. Nolde, 29, came from Wisconsin in search of “cannabis freedom.” “It’s like we’re living history every day,” St. Nolde said. Their shop is in the shadow of Coors Field, where the Rockies play baseball, but in an area that St. Nolde said tourists wouldn’t have visited a few years ago. Now, roughly 98 percent of their customers are tourists, she said, with large numbers of shoppers from Florida, Texas and Illinois. Many customers buy cannabis-infused foods, she said. It’s trickier for newbies to regulate their intake with edibles, which take effect more slowly than smoking. But tourists often have no choice, since smoking is banned in public and in most hotels, while state law doesn’t allow for Amsterdam-style weed clubs (though there’s an initiative on the ballot to change that). “People don’t have a place to smoke,” Griffo said. “I don’t think it makes any sense.” We were offered edibles along with wine during a private dinner party. But we never encountered anyone smoking pot on the streets. We did smell marijuana a couple of times during a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater, just outside Denver. But that happens at many California concerts. What was unusual was the reminder, on an on-stage screen, that public consumption of pot remains illegal. We saw harsher admonishments as we drove into Mesa Verde National Park in southwestern Colorado, eager to check out the ancient cliff dwellings. A sign near the park’s entrance cautioned visitors that marijuana possession is prohibited on federal land. It can result in a fine of up to $5,000 or six months in jail, highlighting Colorado’s ongoing conflict with federal law – a conflict California might face if voters approve Prop. 64. IN FLUX Four years after Colorado’s historic vote, state and local marijuana laws are still evolving. On Oct. 1, the state began requiring that all edibles be stamped with “THC,” the main compound in marijuana that makes consumers high. The goals, lawmakers say, are to ensure consumers know what they’re getting and to keep edibles out of the hands of kids. Rocky Mountain High Dispensary had a license to make edibles, but St. Nolde said the company couldn’t afford the equipment it would need to stamp the THC label and comply with the new law. Now, they’re relying on outside vendors. An estimated 30 percent of the state’s supply of marijuana is grown in Pueblo County. The area, in southeastern Colorado, once was known for its production of steel. The county made headlines last November when it opted to use marijuana taxes to help fund college scholarships. But as we drove through, we heard a radio ad about a local ballot measure that aims to shut down all recreational marijuana businesses in the county by Halloween 2017. The measure is backed by a group called Citizens for a Healthy Pueblo, which points to the county’s crime rates and homeless issues. But it faces an uphill battle against the better-funded group Growing Pueblo’s Future, which says some 1,300 jobs and $3 million in tax revenue would evaporate if pot businesses were banned. UNEXPECTED CONSEQUENCES As in California, medical marijuana was legal in Colorado for many years before the vote on recreational use. Denver native Alex Torres has been a medical marijuana patient since 2009, using the plant to stimulate his appetite as he battles stage 4 cirrhosis. Torres, 59, walks his dog, Spencer, to keep up his strength. But he’s made plans for his budtender, Brittany, to care for Spencer when he’s gone. Legalizing recreational marijuana has had little impact on his routine, Torres said. The main difference is that pot is cheaper, which he said is helpful since he survives on Social Security and cash from selling his artwork and handmade burritos. But the building he’s lived in for years just banned smoking. While he can still use edibles, he said that’s a struggle for people who rely on marijuana to make food palatable. “What am I supposed to do?” he asked. “How can they just disregard us?” Over breakfast burritos in Colorado Springs, our friend Papi Sorrels explained he supports people’s right to use marijuana. But he’s concerned about how tourists who come to get high don’t respect the land the way locals do. And he said property values have skyrocketed as people have flooded the state – good news for owners, but bad news for renters increasingly priced out of communities. He’s one of several people we spoke to who hopes California passes Prop. 64 if for no other reason than to take pressure off Colorado as the weed capital of the nation. “Once it’s legal more places,” he said, “it won’t be such a big deal.” Contact the writer: 714-796-7963 or bstaggs@ocregister.comTwitter: @JournoBrooke Related Links Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Firefighters mop up after San Juan Capistrano brush fire that threatened homes California jumps the shark Baby boomers show right way to react to Trump victory Irvine rally, a show of solidarity with discrimination victims, draws 100 people One person in custody after 3-vehicle Fullerton crash Related Links Cannabis Conversation: Is pot safe for pregnant moms? Does marijuana cause lung cancer? The vote to legalize marijuana in California might have its greatest impact elsewhere Experts in nearby states warn against Prop. 64, which would legalize marijuana in California Pharma sees potential in marijuana What happens to medical marijuana if recreational use becomes legal? Considering a career path in the pot industry? Here's what you should know User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Look up and check out the extra Super Moon, the brightest one in 70 years Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build 21-year-old woman dies after stabbing in Anaheim Defense, special teams carry Rams again in 9-6 win over Jets Bruins basketball team shows it can win with physicality, too Defensive pressure on Jake Browning key for Trojans in upset FINAL: Lakers end three-game trip with 125-99 loss to T-Wolves Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Making California housing affordable again will require new laws, more avenues to build Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Andrew McMahon rocks for a cause in Santa Ana Top news Education » CSU board to consider tuition hike for next year CSUF President Mildred García named as chair-elect of higher education board Huntington Beach High School district tabs Saddleback superintendent as new leader BUSINESS » Covered California enrollees fear loss of health coverage Among O.C. business leaders, uncertainty follows Trump win Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin O.C. Watchdog » Watchdog: Assaults on California police soar. More attacks, or more sensitivity? Free after six years in jail, but never charged with crime Census: Why more women are deciding that babies can wait Health Care » Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. Former operator of drug treatment centers in Orange, L.A. counties arrested on suspicion of sex and financial crimes How Obamacare may sway voters in this election ENTERTAINMENT » Musician Leon Russell dead at 74 Chart-toppers map Olivia Newton-John's musical journey Simon Rattle returns, older and wiser Food » Whole Foods Market flips format, adding a craft beer bar and chef-driven dining in Tustin Outlets at San Clemente celebrates first year, but where's all the food? This cab franc has a whiff of mystery TELEVISION » Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights TV highlights Nov. 1-5 Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Look up and check out the extra Super Moon, the brightest one in 70 years SLIDESHOW » At Fashion Island, the tree's trimmed and ready for Santa SLIDESHOW » 350 march peacefully against Donald Trump in Santa Ana ELECTION » Focus: A geographical look at how California voted in 2016 CARTOONS » Cartoons: Love Trumps Hate SLIDESHOW » U.S. men's soccer team coach Jurgen Klinsmann scores $2 million for Newport Beach house Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Receive breaking news and newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Weather × Top Stories News you need to know for Monday, November 14 Source Lunch with ... Andre Knott Vet giving pets a holistic touch Crain's promotes one employee in newsroom, adds two others on business side of operation Two Flats classics set to be remodeled Letters to the editor: Nov. 14, 2016 These companies are cruising in the fast lane Jones Day leads development of system to connect veterans with pro bono attorneys Colleges collaborate on cutting costs Clinic attempting to fill need with Avon opening Holy cow! Cubs fans were good for the local economy Who To Watch In Law 2016 × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Events Crain's Events Nominate Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who to Watch: Law Eight Over 80 Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron RNC in CLE Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Health Care Who to watch: Marketing Cleveland's lake and river love Crain's 52 Current Issue Current issue 2016 EDITORIAL CALENDAR Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries October 16, 2016 SPONSOR CONTRIBUTED FAMILY BUSINESS FORUM: Event brings together current and future leaders of top NEO family companies Email Print By JENNIFER KEIRN SHARE × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Photo by MCKINLEY WILEY Crain's Family Business Forum keynote speaker John Kahl of ShurTech Brands Panelists Melissa Register, Fifth Third Bank; Roy Messing, Ohio Employee Ownership Center; Richard Perry, Pinkney-Perry Insurance Agency Before retiring from the family business Manco, now ShurTech, Jack Kahl left his son John a framed photograph of Neil Armstrong stepping onto the surface of the moon. It’s the photo the elder Kahl pointed to in 1997 when Wal-Mart buyers requested camouflage-printed Duck Tape and Manco executives were puzzling over how to make it happen. “He said, ‘if we can put a man on the moon, we can make camo Duck Tape,’” John Kahl recounted to the nearly 200 attendees of the recent Crain’s Family Business Forum, adding that the photo still hangs on his office wall as a reminder of the family’s core principle of perseverance. As keynote speaker of the forum, Kahl shared his family business’s story, which started with his father’s purchase of a small industrial tape distributor in 1971, manufacturing the duct tape that Manco began selling as Duck Tape in 1980. Kahl joined the Manco sales department in 1985 right out of college — though he didn’t plan to stick around long — and two years later found himself as national sales manager before he felt ready. “Many times there’s not someone ready [to advance], but do it anyway,” he advised the family business leaders in attendance. “Don’t stand around until you think you are capable. Push the company along.” Kahl then recounted the company’s journey through three challenging transitions. In 1998, the family chose to sell the business to the German adhesives giant The Henkel Group, though the Kahls retained leadership. In 2000, Jack retired and John stepped into the CEO’s office. Then the company was sold again to North Carolina-based Shurtape Technologies, also a family business, in 2009, to become ShurTech Brands. “We learned a ton,” Kahl reflected. “I found out I measured up pretty well against the world.” Kahl pointed out to attendees a number of common mistakes that family businesses make, like failing to maintain communication with employees outside the family. “Communicate everything,” he said. “If they know the score of the game, they’ll be more likely to help you win.” Also common, he said, is a bottleneck at the top: “The scourge of a family business is everything running through two or three people. It slows everything down.” Kahl’s keynote address at the Crain’s Family Business Form was followed by a day of educational panels for family business leaders ranging from succession planning — from both the next and current generations’ perspectives — to finding the right support team and preserving family relationships in the business. The most important element to successful succession planning, the panelists agreed, is to start preparing early: panelist Keven Prather of Skylight Financial Group recounted his experience of flying to Florida to finish a succession plan for an ailing family business owner, who died just hours later. Chris Goebel, former president of his family business Lakefront Lines, now consults with other family businesses on succession planning and emphasized the importance of clearly defining the family’s goals and objectives. Concurrent to that discussion focused on current-generation owners was a panel of next-generation owners including Kristin Chapman of fifth-generation Chapman and Chapman, Lauren Good of Technology House and Sarah Zimmerman of residential real estate developer Gross Builders. It was notable that all panelists were women, highlighting a trend toward increasingly selecting daughters as the next generation of family businesses. They agreed that having a parent who’s supportive but not micro-managing is key to smooth succession. Another panel tackled the difficult relationship issues that arise in family businesses. Consultant and researcher Kathy Overbeke shared her perspectives from working with clients going through such challenges, helping them create individual vision statements then working together toward a family mission statement, while family business leaders like Alan Gillmore of Gillmore Security and Michelle Stein Hirsch of Brunswick Companies shared their experiences of striking work-family balance. Lastly, a panel of experts including Roy Messing of the Ohio Employee Ownership Center and Richard Perry of Pinkney-Perry Insurance Agency discussed the importance of assembling a support team around a family business that can address such issues as wealth planning, succession, tax implications and insurance. A critical part of that support team, agreed the panelists, must also be a board of directors or advisory council that can provide outside perspectives. Panelist Melissa Register of Fifth Third Bank said that at times family businesses would even benefit from having a family counselor. The event wrapped up with a luncheon open only to family business leaders, who gathered for tabletop discussions moderated by Linda Bluso of the Adaptive Knowledge Institute on their biggest succession planning concerns, the strengths of their current- and next-generation leaders and their most valuable takeaway points of the event. Click HERE for a hoto gallery from the event. ***** To read more family business news, go HERE to check out Family Company magazine and its stories, presented by Ahola, and produced by Crain Content Studio - Cleveland. About Custom Media The stories on this page were created by Crain's Custom Media, the custom publishing subsidiary of Crain's Cleveland Business. The stories are commissioned by sponsors and/or clients, who control the content. Email Crain's Custom Media » Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS News This Week's Issue Breaking News Health Care Manufacturing Real Estate Energy/Environment Small Business Finance/Legal People Technology Sports Business Akron News 2016 Republican National Convention Voices Crain's Voices Elizabeth McIntyre Scott Suttell Kevin Kleps Timothy Magaw Stan Bullard Rachel Abbey McCafferty Sue Walton Lee Chilcote Guest Voices Events Crain's Events Nominate Local Events Submit your event Webinars Awards Archer Awards CIO of the Year CFO of the Year Forty under 40 General and In-House Counsel Health Care Heroes Women of Note Twenty in their 20s Special Features All Special Features Who to Watch: Law Eight Over 80 Rebuilding Cleveland and Akron RNC in CLE Women in management 2016 Who to Watch: Health Care Who to watch: Marketing Cleveland's lake and river love Crain's 52 Data / Lists Crain's lists Book of Lists Directory: Executive Search Directory: Health Care Directory: Marketing Services Directory: Minority-Owned Biz Directory: Women-Owned Biz ACE Report Directory: Food Industry Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Crain Content Studio Crain Content Studio — Cleveland Cleveland's Pulse Giving Guide HR: Resources, Growth and Performance Connect Contact us Customer service Subscription services Advertise Reprints Classifieds Email newsletters Send letters to the editor Crain's Cleveland Business Staff People on the Move This Week's Issue November 13, 2016 Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 1:12 a.m. Home / Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to honor veterans By Syd Hayman This article was published October 16, 2016 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY WILLIAM HARVEY Angela Beason, a Cabot High School math teacher, volunteers her time with Wreaths Across America, a national movement to place a wreath at headstones at veterans cemeteries on Dec. 17 each year. With the support of the nonprofit Arkansas Run for the Fallen, Beason saw 181 wreaths placed at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in 2014 and 4,000 placed the following year. Two years ago, while attending a Wreaths Across America wreath-laying ceremony at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery in North Little Rock, a Gold Star mother leaned over toward Angela Beason and asked, “Do you think there’s going to be one for my son’s grave?” Beason, a Cabot High School math teacher, eyed the 181 green wreaths topped with red bows with uncertainty regarding whether the Gold Star mother — a parent who had lost a child in the armed forces — would see her son’s grave marked with the symbol of remembrance. Luckily, a wreath was placed on her son’s grave, but because of a shortage of wreaths, other families did not see the same take place for their loved ones. Wreaths Across America is a movement to remember those lost in service by placing a wreath at their headstones each year. National Wreaths Across America Day is Dec. 17. “When you get there, you’re standing next to a family, and there’s not enough wreaths for those families. It was heartbreaking,” said Beason, whose husband, Bubba Beason, retired from the Air Force on Oct. 1. “That really kind of spurred me on. So last year, I made it a point: ‘We are going to do better.’” Last year, through involvement with the nonprofit Arkansas Run for the Fallen, Angela Beason campaigned to generate donors with the goal of having a wreath placed on every headstone in the cemetery each year. At the 2015 ceremony, 4,000 wreathes were provided — 3,819 more than the number placed at the 2014 ceremony. “It was amazing. It was a beautiful ceremony,” Angela said. “Families were really touched that people would remember.” Bubba said Wreaths Across America means “never forget.” “It’s always a way to remember a veteran and sacrifice to maintain our freedom that we hold so dearly,” he said. Wreaths Across America grew out of the Arlington Wreath Project, which began in 1992 when Morrill Worcester, owner of Worcester Wreath Co. in Maine, took excess wreaths produced by the company and traveled each year to place them at headstones at the Arlington National Cemetery. In 2005, the once-nameless gesture — inspired by a childhood trip Worcester took to Washington, D.C. — garnered more attention after a photo of the wreaths made its rounds on the internet, and Worcester’s effort later became known as the Arlington Wreath Project. Angela, a Warner Robins, Georgia, native, met her husband, Bubba, an Arkansas native, while he was stationed at the base in her hometown. The couple moved to the Little Rock Air Force Base in 1998, then were stationed in New Jersey from 2006-2010. Angela and Bubba now live in Beebe with their children, Christopher, a 10th-grader at Cabot High School, and Alyson, a fourth-grader at Eastside Elementary School. In 2007, Bubba met a Gold Star mother at a veterans memorial event in White Sands, New Mexico, and didn’t know at the time what a Gold Star mother was. Angela said that after that experience, her family increased involvement in honoring the fallen and Gold Star families, and she then became involved in Wreaths Across America. While in New Jersey, Bubba started the New Jersey Run for the Fallen, and when the family returned to Arkansas in 2011 — they had previously moved to the Little Rock Air Force Base in 1998 — he began the Arkansas Run for the Fallen, which hosts a 146-mile run in honor of every Arkansan service member who has died while serving since 9/11. “We’ve just gotten to know Gold Star families here in Arkansas, and we have a traveling memorial that’s set up in communities around the state and just try to do things throughout the year to support them,” Angela said. Bubba has been deployed to Iraq, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia and Spain. His longest deployment was a year-long assignment to Afghanistan in 2010. “We’ve been through all that as a military family,” Angela said. “We’re looking forward to the next part of our lives with him home.” One challenge of Wreaths Across America in central Arkansas is lack of corporate sponsorship for the project, she said, so organizations and individuals must work to ensure that a wreath is provided for each headstone. The cost to sponsor a wreath is $15. “Wal-Mart is a corporate sponsor that completely covers the Fayetteville National Cemetery,” Angela said. “There are 9,000 veterans buried there, and Wal-Mart covers every single one, makes sure they’re honored. There’s no corporate sponsors here in North Little Rock. Everything is by individuals or groups of organizations.” Angela said all headstones at the Fayetteville National Cemetery and the Fort Smith National Cemetery are covered and that the Arlington National Cemetery has been completely covered for the past two years. “Little Rock and North Little Rock really need some help to get people involved,” she said. It would take 5,000 wreaths to cover the entire cemetery, Angela said, and as of Tuesday, 640 had been sponsored. Families can also purchase their own wreaths and place them on the headstones, if they’d like. Outside of Wreaths Across America, Arkansas Run for the Fallen has also presented scholarships and sponsored camps for the children of fallen service members, along with hosting family days and sibling days for the loved ones of those lost in service to their country. “We just try to do things throughout the year to continue to remember them and honor them and to make sure that their memory isn’t forgotten,” Angela said. Bubba said there are very few people who do things from the heart, and Angela is one of them. “She really takes it to heart, and they say one person with passion can accomplish more than 40 people with just an interest,” he said. “It’s in her heart, and I’m honored to call her my wife for what she does with that.” This year’s Wreaths Across America theme is “Say Their Names,” and Angela said the December ceremony is a great learning experience for children. Servicemen such as Milton Crenshaw, who was a Tuskegee Airman in the 1940s and the first black man to have a pilot license, and Loren Buffalo, who was killed in Afghanistan at age 20 in 2011, are buried at the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery. Angela said all the buried veterans have stories that need to be remembered. “Education is important to me, so the education piece of it is very important,” she said. “My kids go to a lot of military ceremonies, and they sit, and they listen, and they don’t get to do a whole lot. But this, they actually get to get something and go place it on a headstone of a veteran and say the name and write down the name and go learn about that person.” Angela, who is now in her 14th year of teaching at Cabot, said she is glad her family settled in the Beebe-Cabot area when they moved back to Arkansas. “I knew I had the support here in this community,” she said. “I knew this is where I wanted my kids to be. Cabot does a lot for veteran kids and military kids. It was just good to be back here and have that kind of support. Angela said there are many ways residents can support their veteran community. “If you have a neighbor who is deployed or serving, see if there is something you can do to help out,” she said. “Take them a meal, or offer to watch the kids for the wife to have an evening out with her friends or something like that. If there is a ceremony for Memorial Day or Veterans Day, go and take your children. In the classroom, we can invite more veterans to speak so the kids can learn their stories.” At this year’s Wreaths Across America ceremony, Angela hopes attendees will take away a veteran’s name, she said. “It’s important to realize that these are families, and these are people who served and sacrificed for us, whether it was that they gave their life then or they came home and lived a productive life and then died later,” Angela said. “They still took time away from their family to serve. Just remember that freedom has a price; it’s definitely not free. I hope that people walk away feeling good about our country, good about the people who have served.” The deadline to purchase a wreath is Nov. 28. For more information, visit www.wreathsacrossamerica.org or www.arkansasrunforthefallen.org. Staff writer Syd Hayman can be reached at (501) 244-4307 or shayman@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Rock-a-buy for baby in all the shops Race to raise money for women’s conference Live surgery gives students hands-on medical ... Peter Pan and Wendy takes flight at Searcy H... Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to ho... Augusta running back focused on future COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Italian-inspired recipe proves robust food ca... New president leads effort to aid youth Comments on: Teacher promotes wreath-laying ceremony to honor veterans To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump protests continue (23 comments) Election unrest hits state schools (35 comments) It's the culture, stupid (29 comments) Demographics doom Clinton in Arkansas (19 comments) Trump said to adjust stance on health law (12 comments) Femininists and the president-elect (9 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Tax havens The Observer As Donald Trump made clear, smart businesses know only idiots pay tax The revelation that the US presidential candidate paid no federal taxes for 18 years will come as no surprise to the global corporations who funnel billions through tax havens Donald Trump said that not paying taxes ‘made him smart’. Photograph: Patrick Semansky/AP Luke Harding Sunday 16 October 2016 01.00 EDT Last modified on Sunday 16 October 2016 01.11 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger It was one of the highlights of an unedifying US presidential race. The subject: Donald Trump’s tax returns. Hammered by Hillary Clinton over the disclosure that he’d paid no federal tax, possibly for 18 years, Trump was unable to restrain himself. There was no apology. That would have been out of character. Instead, the Republican nominee blurted out four words: “That makes me smart.” For once Trump – serial liar and alleged serial groper – had inadvertently revealed a great truth. Offshore secrets of Brexit backer Arron Banks revealed in Panama Papers Read more In the 21st century those who dutifully pay taxes are dupes. We are the losers in a modern game in which only “smart people”, as Trump indelicately put it, know the rules. In fact, the rich and powerful quietly exited from the business of paying tax a long time ago. The evidence is all around. A new study of America’s leading Fortune 500 companies reveals that 367 of them – some 73% – have at least one or more subsidiaries in tax havens. Some have hundreds. This allows them to legally ship profits offshore. In Britain, meanwhile, it emerged that eBay paid just £1.1m in tax last year, despite telling US investors that the UK was its second largest market, generating revenues of £1.1bn. The cash originating in the UK flows to a parent company in Switzerland. The mind-boggling scale of the problem is laid bare in a slew of books and reports that reveal the way in which multinational companies have excused themselves from paying vast amounts of tax. The companies are a who’s who of global brands: Apple, Nike, Google, Pepsi, Pfizer, Walmart, Goldman Sachs, and practically every other multinational in business. The detail can be complicated, but the method is simple – and legal. Companies set up subsidiaries in low or no-tax jurisdictions. These subsidiaries then charge the onshore parent for services or intellectual property or whatever, with the profits then funnelled legally offshore. US companies are only obliged to pay tax when they bring the money back. Which they don’t. The study of America’s Fortune 500 companies shows that they collectively avoid an estimated $100bn in federal taxes each year. The most popular tax haven is the Netherlands. Bermuda and the Cayman Islands are not far behind. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Cook said the EU ruling that Apple had to pay $14.5bn in back taxes to Ireland was ‘political crap’. Photograph: Toru Hanai/Reuters The worst offender is Apple. It has booked $214.9bn offshore, a sum greater than any other company’s offshore cash pile. If these profits were held in the US they would incur $65.4bn in tax. The European Commission recently ordered Apple to pay Ireland $14.5 billion in back taxes; its Irish subsidiaries were paying an effective tax rate of 0.005%. Apple’s chief executive, Tim Cook, dismissed the ruling as “political crap”. As a result it is ordinary taxpayers who have to pick up the tab. Last year George Osborne introduced a “diverted profit tax” aimed at large companies that shift income artificially offshore. It’s unclear if the former chancellor’s initiative will work. Last weekend the Observer reported that Facebook had ended up with an £11.3m tax credit on its UK business. This is a company that made a global profit last year of $6.19bn. The new books include a page-turning account of the investigation into the Panama Papers. And an enterprising account of the wealth management industry by a writer who spent two years undercover as a trainee. Published last April, the Panama Papers were the fruits of a thrilling journalistic investigation. The papers – some 11.5m leaked documents from the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca – give an unprecedented insight into the offshore world. They expose something obvious, previously hidden in plain sight. Namely that the global offshore industry – centred in tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands – was not, as had been thought, a shadowy but minor part of our economic system. Rather it was the system. It is this system that has allowed the burden of taxation to move inexorably from multinational corporations and the well-off to the “unsmart”: the dupes; you and me. The journalists who unearthed this bitter truth were Bastian Obermayer and Frederik Obermaier of Germany’s Süddeutsche Zeitung. (They are not related, but their German and international colleagues fondly nickname them the “brothers Obermay/ier”.) The paper, based in Munich, has an excellent track record of working on difficult and important investigations. Reporters often get offered information, stuff. I know from previous investigations that this often turns out to be disappointing. As Obermayer recounts, in early 2015, late one evening, he received an anonymous message. It said: “Hello. John Doe here. Interested in secret data?” Obermayer replied: “Always interested in secret data. What is it?” The “it” turned out to be bigger than anyone might have imagined. The source – his or her identity remains unknown – had got hold of Mossack Fonseca’s entire internal database. The legal practice was founded in 1977 by an ambitious Panamanian lawyer and the son of a Waffen SS officer. It specialised in setting up anonymous offshore shell companies. The source’s motivation was simple. Like Edward Snowden, who lifted the lid on mass electronic surveillance, John Doe was a whistleblower. He/she wanted to expose the scale of injustice of the offshore tax system. Mossack Fonseca denies any wrongdoing. The leak was an act of bravery and amounted to the biggest data dump ever, delivered in real-time instalments. We got a whopping 2.6 terabytes. This was far larger than the top-secret Snowden files or the diplomatic cables leaked in 2010 by an unhappy US army private, Chelsea Manning, which revealed Washington’s frank views of its global friends and enemies. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Leaked database from the Mossack Fonseca law firm in Panama revealed the extent of the use of offshore shell companies. Photograph: Carlos Jasso/Reuters The Panama Papers include records of 214,000 offshore companies, names of real or “beneficial” owners, and passport scans. There are bank statements, electricity bills and email chains. Often these are between Mossack Fonseca’s head office in Panama and “intermediaries”, typically other lawyers, accountants and banks. Behind them were a large and diverse group of affluent individuals. We looked, naturally enough, for politicians and those holding public office. But the majority of names in the database belonged to what you might call the non-famous international rich. There were French dentists, Spanish lawyers and Swiss aristocrats, all seeking to minimise their taxes. The leak led to a year-long international collaboration in 80 countries. Süddeutsche Zeitung shared its material with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, which is based in Washington. The ICIJ in turn gave access to the data to 100 media organisations and nearly 400 reporters. In Britain that was my newspaper the Guardian and the BBC. The journalists gave the leaked files a name. The Panama Papers was a conscious echo of the Pentagon Papers: volumes of secret documents leaked in 1971 by Daniel Ellsberg which revealed the true US war in Vietnam. Ellsberg swiped a mere 7,000 pages. We had enough reading material to last us about 25 years. I found myself back in the Guardian’s investigations “bunker”. (Actually, it had a bucolic view of Regent’s canal in London: houseboats, joggers, coots.) In 2013 I’d been part of a small group which had studied the Snowden files here. We speculated at the time that MI6 had taken up residence in the flats opposite. This project was different. By means of a secure platform, called the iHub, journalists were encouraged not to compete with each other but to share information and to swap leads and tips. We did, in a flurry of encrypted emails. There were clandestine reporter meetings in Washington, Munich, and London. Early on we looked for Trump. Perhaps the database would point us towards his alleged secret fortune? It didn’t. I did dig up a Russian businessman escaping from Moscow who wanted to buy an apartment in the Trump Ocean Club tower in Panama City. (The agent knocked off $200,000, offering the Trump penthouse for a bargain price of $2.31m.) Other themes gradually became clear. Britain, it turned out, didn’t just feature via UK Crown dependencies like Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man. Rather, it was the heart of the Mossack Fonseca multiverse. True, many of those diverting funds offshore were located in far-away kleptocracies: Russian oligarchs, African despots, and bagmen for Syria’s murderer-president Bashar al-Assad. But it was British lawyers, banks and company formation agents that were facilitating this global tax avoidance. Often, the enablers were top London law firms. Their websites look eminently respectable: a view of Georgian stucco, offices in exclusive postcodes, a smart Farrow and Ball front door with neatly topiaried trees. Britain didn’t just feature via UK Crown dependencies. Rather, it was the heart of the rotten Mossack Fonseca multiverse The leaked documents told a different story. Sometimes, the lawyers would lie about their clients’ identities and connections. Under banking regulations firms were meant to declare if a client was a politically exposed person or “PEP”. This would lead to stricter checks. The solution was to say nothing in the paperwork about a client’s PEP status. In return, big fees. There may not have been bodies on the streets of Belgravia or Knightsbridge. But it was hard to escape the dispiriting sense that the British were the biggest crooks on the planet. Behind the facade of legal piety we were enabling an orgy of transnational theft, and the looting of entire continents such as Africa. The California-based French economist Gabriel Zucman estimates that 8% of the world’s wealth – $7.6tn (£5.3tn) – is currently stashed in tax havens. Zucman puts the loss to global tax revenues at $200bn per year. That includes $35bn in the US and $78bn in Europe. What might we do instead with this money? As President Obama noted tax avoidance was a huge global problem, made worse by the fact that offshore structures are perfectly legal. Many of these havens operate under British jurisdiction. More than half of Mossack Fonseca’s companies are registered in the British Virgin Islands, a territory administered from London. The BVI has stubbornly rejected calls for greater transparency. Successive British governments have failed to act. We spent most of our bunker hours working the big names. They included David Cameron, who features indirectly, as well as a host of other colourful figures including Iceland’s prime minister and Vladimir Putin’s KGB-turned-oligarch pals. The database revealed that the offshore fund run by Cameron’s late father Ian had paid no British tax. For three decades. The fund, Blairmore Holdings Inc, had gone to absurd lengths to pretend that it was based in the Bahamas, another major tax haven. It hired a small army of Bahamas residents to sign paperwork. One of them was a part-time bishop. All of this was legal – but a pantomime designed to keep Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs at bay. In the run up to publication, slotted for 3 April, we had two worries. One, that our investigation might itself leak. Journalists are a gossipy bunch. Two, that nobody would care. After all, when the Guardian published Snowden’s revelations of state spying in 2013 most people in Britain – the land of James Bond – reacted with a weary shrug. In the end we needn’t have worried. In Iceland the prime minister resigned. In Argentina there were protests. In Azerbaijan a small war suddenly initiated – so some believed – to distract from revelations featuring the president and his daughters. In China censors blocked the words “Panama Papers” and jammed the website of the Guardian. In Russia officials fumed about a western “spy” conspiracy. Downing Street refused to answer questions about Cameron’s tax affairs, saying that they were a “private matter”. Eventually Cameron came clean: he’d owned shares in his father’s tax haven fund. He sold them for £31,500 just before becoming prime minister in 2010. Cameron was reluctant to acknowledge what was obvious: that part of his family’s fortune came from privileged offshore wealth. Facebook Twitter Pinterest More than half of the companies that appear in the Panama Papers are registered in the British Virgin Islands Photograph: Alamy Viewed in retrospect, this was the beginning of the end of Cameron. Weeks later he hosted a global anti-corruption summit in London. He announced a clampdown on offshore havens. The UK would introduce a new register that would compel foreign companies owning British property to declare their owner, thereby cleaning up London as a centre for international money-laundering. It was a start. But Cameron stopped short of compelling British overseas territories from outing the real owners of offshore firms. Without a public register the offshore industry – with its satellites of lawyers and banks – was free to carry on as before. The BVI, meanwhile, boycotted the London summit and stayed at home. The picture, then, is a lousy one. But the Panama Papers offer a few rays of hope. In recent years the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and western governments have tried to clamp down on tax evasion, mindful of the billions being lost during a time of austerity. Pressure has been growing on offshore centres to swap information. Increasingly, the Swiss and others are complying. All this has induced a degree of paranoia among Mossack Fonseca’s well-heeled clients. Emails show that the super-rich have adopted various protective strategies to stop the tax man from knocking. Some of them use fake names. We found Harry Potter, Winnie Pooh and Daniel Radcliffe. (Not the real one.) Plus Isaac Azimov, who turned out to be a tax lawyer from Barcelona. Offshore agents report that their Italian clients are going to desperate lengths to avoid being caught. When visiting Switzerland they leave the Ferrari behind and take a less conspicuous car. They also seek to cover their trail by “layering”: using a chain of offshore companies, rather than just one, to bury an asset. Still, the past six months have seen a victory of sorts for those of us, the little people, who do pay our taxes. From now on, the super-rich and other characters who use exotic offshore structures will be a nervous bunch. How long, they must be wondering, before the next leak? More news Topics Tax havens Panama Papers Tax avoidance Apple Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Tax havens Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Counter culture: Revisiting mom-and-pop stores 35 years later Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 9:23 PM Oct 16, 2016 at 9:38 AM Rich Saal Photo Editor @RichSaal Until it closed in the mid-1980s, Kommer’s Grocery was its own town, in a small way. It sat at a crossroads 10 miles north of Metropolis and drew people from the surrounding rural area for groceries and gossip — and barbed wire, too, if you needed that. Gerald Kommer hadn’t even reached his 10th birthday when his mom, Reba, would step out for errands and leave him to run the store. “My dad was always outside in the barn or in the shop working on a car. If I needed him, he was available. Honestly, I don’t hardly remember a day that I didn’t work in the store.” I photographed Gerald, his mother Reba and his grandmother Wanda in 1982, sitting in their usual spot at the back of the store. I was working on a documentary photography project, an effort to record the dozens of mom-and-pop grocery markets you could still find in southern and central Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri and Kentucky. I returned to the project this summer, curious about what had happened to these wonderful places. I didn’t assume anything, I knew most of them — and the people, too — would be gone. The idea was to create a visual timeline with two points 35 years apart. I took Gerald’s picture again in April. His mother and grandmother long passed, this time it was by himself on the site where the store had been, and he told me about growing up there. Community center “Every day there would easily be five or six or seven farmers who had been out in the field all morning long, and they would come in for lunch. They would sit in there and tell stories, talk about their crops and talk about what they were dealing with on the farm.” Aside from offering milk, bread, lunchmeat and canned goods, the store also functioned as a town square might, a place where a community came together. “You always knew what was going on, there were never any secrets,” he says. It was a place to hear things and share things. “When things did happen, they would come in and tell my mom or my grandmother to let everybody know that so-and-so had their baby. That was a big way of spreading the news.” Through the door to the right, farmers and other visitors held court in a seating area. A large glass and wooden counter made an L-shape through the room. A display case of cigars sat on the top. The counter stretched to the back of the store. It ended near the display of cigarettes and the cash register at a workspace for Reba. She kept a collection of receipt books, a customer’s name written on each. “That was my mother’s bookkeeping system; it kept track of what everybody bought and what they owed.” In Burfordville, Cave in Rock, River aux Vasses, Oscar, Goreville, Camp Grove and Cairo, the stores were easy to find. They were all unique except for one commonality: In every store, it was hard to miss the profoundly sad evidence that they were losing ground to the march of progress. Not much left Standing in the front yard of his home on Poplar Street in Cairo, Cornell McGoy remembers when the town at the very southern tip of the state had a market on nearly every corner. Today there isn’t a single grocery business in the city. “I’ve been living in this area, oh, off and on ever since I was born, and I’ve seen a lot of things come and go. Like Frankie’s across the street over here, Booker’s down on that corner, Arthur Bee’s on 24th Street, the Chat and Chew on 23rd …. “Our man Frankie was one of the best people you had in the neighborhood,” he says. Just across the street from McGoy’s home is where Frankie Kol operated a market and variety store. Between clumps of overgrown weeds you can see bricks from the old building strewn about the empty lot. “He let people have food on credit.” Visual timeline That might have been the biggest thing going for the independently owned stores, and it set them apart from the extremely competitive chain stores. “Yeah, maybe there wasn’t the variety that there is in the Walmart, but I wager you’ll never feel the same way walking into a Walmart that you would’ve felt walking into one of these stores. You’ll never have the same personal relationships with the people there either,” says Gary Kolb. Kolb is a retired dean of the College of Comunications at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and was a photography instructor in 1982. He was my adviser when I began photographing the stores, and I recently asked him to take another look at the project and some of the new pictures. “I used to tell students in my basic photography classes, ‘Do you want to make an interesting photograph? OK, take any photograph and put it in a drawer for 50 years, then take it out. I guarantee it will be interesting,’ ” Kolb says. “If it has people in it and if it has cars in it, if it has mode of dress in it, hairstyles in it, it’ll be even more interesting.” Photography has a unique relationship to time, he says; no other medium can describe time in precisely the same way. A photograph captures a moment and preserves it. Photographs and their relationship to history are based on a firm set of facts established the second the image is recorded, Kolb says, and yet when time intervenes, they are re-interpreted as new contexts are added to them. What makes a picture transcend a simple record of facts is the emotional and psychological response it can trigger, perhaps not at the time it was made, but only years later it becomes poignant, Kolb adds. A place like this Not one of the grocery stores I photographed in 1982 is still in business. Some of the buildings are there, but an Italian restaurant, attorney’s office or a computer repair shop now occupy the spaces that once offered kitchen staples. In some places, there is scant existed. An exception is McCormick’s Grocery and General Store on Illinois 242, south of Wayne City near Interstate 64. It’s been closed for 22 years, but the day to clear it out has not yet arrived. The grocery products are long gone from the shelves, but the shelves are still there. So is the wood counter in front of them, a pay phone on the wall and the candy case. On the back wall, the steps still lead up to the kitchen of the house where Walter and Wanda McCormick lived while they ran the business for 34 years. Walter died in 1994 and the store was closed a few months later; Wanda still lives in the house. “For a kid to grow up in a place like this was interesting, educational at times,” says Shaun Stone, who was 4 years old when I took a picture of him on his grandfather’s lap. Shaun spent a lot of days hanging out with his grandfather. “I remember sitting on the counter, talking to Grandpa, always watching TV, always eating a Snickers bar and drinking a Coke.” He watched cartoons when he was young, but later it was often horse races. That was one of Walter’s passions that he shared with Shaun. People would come in to pick up a few items, say hello and leave. Others stayed for hours, sitting around a wood-burning stove. “We always had a TV on. People would watch some of the baseball games; they’d catch a few innings then leave. It was a good place for a lot of community gossip. Sometimes the sheriff would show up and have a coffee and talk about what was going on in the area, if there was anything bad going on, what have you. Everybody was pretty much there all the time, you never knew who was going to show up, really.” “My grandfather was not a very wealthy man but was rich in experience, and he knew how to manage his money to get to where he needed to be. He was very rich in knowledge because of all the people he met through that store,” Stone says. Human connections Rich in experience, indeed. Mom and pop didn’t just sell things in cans and boxes; their most valuable commodity was free. They were the place to make a human connection, where people met face-to-face to share joys and concerns, to give or get advice. They were community before it went online. I’ve always thought that it’s the little, everyday things around us that say more about who we are than epic, world-changing events. The things we take for granted are often the very things we miss most when they’re gone. The idea that our perspective changes as we move along a timeline and then look backward fascinates me, and I think Gary Kolb was right. I took these pictures and then put them in a box, and 34 years later, they’re more interesting to me. And I miss mom and pop. Contact Rich Saal: rich.saal@sj-r.com, 788-1475, twitter.com/@richsaal. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad Hurricane October 15, 2016 7:48 PM How much food did grocery stores and customers lose during Hurricane Matthew? With storm damage still evident in the parking lot on Saturday, shoppers at Kroger in Bluffton said the store was busier than usual, with many replenishing what had to be to be thrown away because of power outages from Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com Shoppers check out on Saturday at Piggly Wiggly on North Forest Beach Drive on Hilton Head Island. The store had to replace most of its perishable goods because of lost power from Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com Shoppers at Kroger in Bluffton on Saturday said the store seemed busier than usual, with many replenishing food that had to be thrown away because of the power outages related to Hurricane Matthew. Josh Mitelman jmitelman@islandpacket.com 1 of 3 i By Madison Hogan mhogan@islandpacket.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Up and down the aisles of the Walmart Supercenter on Robert Smalls Parkway in Beaufort, employees try to move quickly and stock products as customers scramble in the mad dash that is Saturday afternoon grocery shopping. Although the shelves are not nearly as bare as they were Tuesday night, there’s still a few products that were running out at 1:30 p.m. Saturday: bacon, meats, sliced cheese, cottage cheese, some brands of butter and milk, frozen pizzas and frozen vegetables. Like everyone in Beaufort County, grocery stores like Walmart are trying to get back to normal, but there’s no denying that Hurricane Matthew has caused more damage than flooding and downed trees: The storm affected local grocers and their customers. For Erica Mann, a nurse, Saturday was the first time she had ventured out to the grocery store after her family of five evacuated an hour away from Beaufort. She said she noticed that milk, butter, cheese and even salad dressing products were in low supply or completely out of stock. “I’ve never had a problem finding anything till today,” she said. Mann said she shops at Walmart weekly to feed her sons and lost at least $200 worth of food during power outages related to the storm. She said planned on stopping by the BiLo on Parris Island Gateway to get more items she needs. When the power went out at Kamri Simmons’ home in Port Royal, where her family stayed to wait out the storm, her daughter was frustrated and didn’t understand why she couldn’t watch television. But for Simmons, there was frustration elsewhere: having to throw out food that cost her somewhere between $200 and $300. She and her family fed themselves at Panda Chinese Restaurant, Red Rooster Cafe and Golden Corral in Beaufort while waiting for the power to come back on and things to return to normal. “It’s hurting me,” she said about tossing out spoiled food. “Especially since I am pregnant. ... I didn’t want to take any chances.” However, customers aren’t the only ones feeling the pain of wasted food and hard-earned money. The stores, too, had to clear their inventory of unsellable items. At the Kroger in Shelter Cove Towne Center on Hilton Head Island mid-day Saturday, the only remaining traces of the hurricane were the limit of two gallons of water per customer that checkout clerks were giving away, portable toilets outside and the bare organic frozen-foods section. Joyce Williamson, a Long Cove resident, evacuated to Atlanta and said she hated throwing away so much food that spoiled while she was gone. The Publix at Buckwalter Place in Bluffton also seemed fairly well-stocked. Bottles of water, which everyone in the county tried to get their hands on in the days leading up to the storm, was stacked up in front of the store like it had never been a depleted commodity. More than $500 worth of food — including about two weeks’ worth of frozen meals — was lost in Aurora Rios’ fridge, but she said she waited a while after the storm to go back to the grocery store because her friend warned her that most basic items, like milk and bread, were scarce. By the time the retired Marine and Savannah Tech student went to the Walmart Supercenter in Hardeeville, the only item she noticed the store was low on was bread. “Everything’s kind of getting back into a normal routine,” she said. Despite losing so much, Rios said her family didn’t have any other damage from the storm to deal with — unlike her neighbor, who had a tree fall on their house and their car. “It could have been a lot worse,” she said. The Island Packet and The Beaufort Gazette could not reach corporate representatives of Walmart, Publix and Kroger on Saturday. Madison Hogan: 843-706-8137, @MadisonHogan Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Hurricane Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:23 Taste of Waddell — Mariculture Center's major fundraiser Pause 1:02 How to shuck an oyster 2:44 Spades strike history in Galilee 0:35 Aerial view of Harbour Town's Yacht Basin, 18th green 1:14 Touring Concours d'Elegance, Sunday 0:58 Slurpin' 'em down at Hilton Head Oyster Festival 0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours 2:05 Car pulled from lagoon after receiving award 1:11 Holy Trinity's Feed the Need effort to help the hurricane victims in Haiti 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 1:28 3 days ago Come fly a kite with us! (Here's how) 2:49 9 days ago Beaufort County schools change Hurricane Matthew makeup days, again 4:56 10 days ago 'This was my house': Some Palmetto Bay Marina boat owners now homeless View more video Looking for this? Live traffic cameras Latest BCDC arrests New! Property transfers HS football scores Restaurant inspections NEW! Puzzles & Games Local/state salaries HHI's best 18 golf holes 2016 election news BCSD bus routes SPORTS: Tap an icon, or here for more scores: High school | College | NFL PGA | LPGA | Web.com | European | Champions Click/tap here for print-style late scores Looking for box scores and other late results in print format? We've got you covered if you're looking for box scores and other late sports results that missed the printed newspaper because of early deadlines. One option is to click the icons above for sports scores and stats from our partners at Stats.com. If you prefer traditional print agate, our Sports Extra pages, formatted like traditional printed sports results, are for you. To find the Sports Extra: Open either The Island Packet or The Beaufort Gazette e-Edition (free to print and digital subscribers) and look for the Sports Extra icon () in the top menu. If you're using an iPhone or other smartphone, or an iPad in portrait view, you'll find the Sports Extra pages in the menu at the upper right (look for the symbol). Close Hurricane What we know about Hilton Head, a month after Matthew How will Hilton Head cover estimated $55 million in Hurricane Matthew bills? Find out where you can harvest shellfish in Beaufort County after Hurricane Matthew Beaufort County to remove debris from many private communities. Is yours one of them? Hilton Head beach renourishment moving forward after Matthew Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
eBay Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Myspace LinkedIn Podcast RSS Transformers: Earth Wars Game Submit News Contact Us Translate Sign in Join Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Powered by Google News View All News Toy News Transformers 4 Age of Extinction Movie News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Submit News RSS Feeds Toys View Transformers Toy News Transformers Toy Galleries » View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Toy Galleries Most Popular Toy Galleries Toy Sightings » Product Listings Recent Sightings By Location Toy Sightings Forum Items You're Watching Stores Locations by Retail Chains Store Locator Generations Transformers Prime Arms Micron Classics Universe Movie Universe Rescue Bots Toys Forum Collections Forum Buy, Sell or Trade Forum eBay Auctions Shop our eBay Store Store Seibertron.com Store on eBay Sell Your Toys Forums Transformers Toys Forums Buy, Sell or Trade Transformers Cartoons & Comics Forum Transformers Collectors' Club and BotCon Forum Transformers General Discussion Transformers Video Forum Transformers Toy Review Forum Toy Sightings Forum Movie Forum Video Game Forum General Discussion Non-TF Toy Discussion Heavy Metal War Forums Kitbashes, Fiction & Artwork RPG Forums Staff Forums Cartoons & Comics Cartoon & Comics Forum Cartoon News Transformers Cartoon Series Cartoon Series Summaries Comic Book News Comic Book Series Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Films Transformers 5 The Last Knight Movie News Movie Related Galleries Movie Toy Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Media Transformers: Earth Wars Mobile App Seibertron.com Twincast/Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Subscribe to Twincast/Podcast with iTunes Transformers Video Forum Multimedia News Seibertron.com on YouTube Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 » NYCC 2016 NYCC 2015 NYCC 2014 NYCC 2013 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 » SDCC 2016 SDCC 2015 SDCC 2014 SDCC 2013 SDCC 2012 BotCon 2016 » BotCon 2016 BotCon 2015 BotCon 2014 BotCon 2013 Toy Fair 2016 » Toy Fair 2016 Toy Fair 2015 Toy Fair 2014 Toy Fair 2013 Transformers Exhibit at Children's Museum in Indianapolis Transformers The Ride - 3D » Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Hollywood Database Transformers Series Comic Book Section Cartoon Section People Section Game Your Registry CR Chamber Missions Arena High Scores Heavy Metal War Forums Social Network Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Seibertron.com Store on eBay Listen to our Podcast Get our RSS Feeds Top Lists Seibertron.com Energon Pub Forums Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Skip to content Board index ‹ Transformers Forums ‹ Transformers Toys Forums ‹ Toy Sightings and Local Meetups Change font size Print view FAQ Members Register Login North Carolina Transformers sightings Share your Transformers sightings here with other fellow Seibertronians in your area, meet other fans, plan meetups, and help each other find the latest new figure or great bargain at stores in your area. Feel free to help each other out finding other popular toys in your area as well. Post a reply 788 posts • Page 32 of 32 • 1 ... 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Thu Sep 01, 2016 2:59 pm Weapon: Battle Blades Picked up a Chromedome and Weirdwolf at Apex Target. No other TR deluxes were there and I got the last of each of those two. SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by concrusher792 » Thu Sep 01, 2016 4:16 pm One of each Wave 2 TR deluxe spotted at TTC Wal-Mart, another gentleman picked up the secondary Mindwipe and Chromedome, leaving one full set. There was also one Sentinel and one Galvatron at the same store. Nearby Target had one Sentinel. TRU had the best find, for me anyway. As I was looking at the legacy Megazords, I picked up the last LE Dragonzord, debating if I should splurge on it, when I saw a large TR box behind it, which turned out to be a TR Blaster. I instantly put the down the Dragonzord and purchased Blaster. Additionally, I saw two Sentinels and two Galvatrons in the Transformers section before finding Blaster. concrusher792 Mini-Con Posts: 44 News Credits: 1 Joined: Mon Dec 22, 2014 2:02 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by CAROLINA-TF-FAN » Sat Sep 03, 2016 4:09 pm Motto: "When it comes to new figures the waiting is the hardest part." I decided to go south for my hunting today first to York, SC Walmart. They had 2 TR Blurr and 1 Hardhead. Next we went to the Rock Hill Walmart on Old York Hwy and there they were 2 full sets of wave 2 deluxe. Needless to say they only have 1 full set now. They also had 2 Sentinel Primes and 1 Galvatron. I still have not seen any TR Legends or Titan Masters in my local NC or SC stores.I did buy Alpha Trion online today for $30 with free shipping. CAROLINA-TF-FAN Micromaster Posts: 57 Joined: Sat Jul 09, 2016 3:54 pm Alt Mode: 1967 SHELBY GT500 MUSTANG Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by concrusher792 » Wed Sep 14, 2016 11:15 pm Hit up most of the Walgreens in N. Raleigh, they all received Wave 2 TR deluxes but either they only got two per store and/or some systematically bought all of the Brainstorms, cause the maximum I saw at any store was 2 on a peg and no Brainstorms. WG on Creedmoor near 540 had 1 Mindwipe and 1 Highbrow, WG further down Creedmoor off of Millbrook had none, WG on Glenwood at Duraleigh had just 1 Mindwipe, and the WG at Brier Creek near Duke Health Raleigh had 1 Mindwipe and 1 Chromedome. concrusher792 Mini-Con Posts: 44 News Credits: 1 Joined: Mon Dec 22, 2014 2:02 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ShockFlave » Wed Sep 21, 2016 6:53 pm The Toys R Us over at Triangle Town Center has some of the new RID warriors (Scorponok, Powersurge Optimus, Quillfire). No Windblade though. Also they had a Titans Return Powermaster Optimus and Blaster. ShockFlave Mini-Con Posts: 3 Joined: Wed Sep 21, 2016 6:46 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Sat Sep 24, 2016 10:44 am Weapon: Battle Blades concrusher792 wrote:Hit up most of the Walgreens in N. Raleigh, they all received Wave 2 TR deluxes but either they only got two per store and/or some systematically bought all of the Brainstorms, cause the maximum I saw at any store was 2 on a peg and no Brainstorms. WG on Creedmoor near 540 had 1 Mindwipe and 1 Highbrow, WG further down Creedmoor off of Millbrook had none, WG on Glenwood at Duraleigh had just 1 Mindwipe, and the WG at Brier Creek near Duke Health Raleigh had 1 Mindwipe and 1 Chromedome.Ack, don't do this my friend! Brainstorm isn't out yet, for one. Not in the cases with the others, will be shipped on its own, 8 per case. For another, Walgreen's doesn't stock toys by the case like Walmart/Target/TRU/etc. A case gets opened up at a distribution center, with individual items fulfilled in the single digits for any stores where the peg for the product is empty. What each store gets is completely random. This may end up being different for Brainstorm if he gets his own endcap display like Namor and some past ML and SW Black exclusives of theirs have - in that case it's likely each location will get several of Brainstorm, alone. ShockFlave wrote:The Toys R Us over at Triangle Town Center has some of the new RID warriors (Scorponok, Powersurge Optimus, Quillfire). No Windblade though. Also they had a Titans Return Powermaster Optimus and Blaster.Oh, thanks much for this! Found just the Windblade last week in Cary, will go today and hope that Scorponok and OP are still around SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Sat Sep 24, 2016 3:38 pm Weapon: Battle Blades Went to Triangle Town TRU and was indeed able to get a Power Surge OP Warrior in red, and a Scorponok. Two of each of those remain. Also a few each of Clash of the TF Warriors Starscream and the white Power Surge OP. No Paralons at all, still, so I broke down and just ordered it online on their site. Same store had a couple Fort Maxes, two PMOP, a Blaster, and the Morbot/Quickshadow wave of Rescue Bots. SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by concrusher792 » Thu Sep 29, 2016 8:19 pm Went to Cary TRU today, they had about 4 RID Warrior Scorponoks, 4 Paralons, 2 Red Power Surge Primes, 2 Quillfires, One Thunderhoof, but no Starscream or Windblade. Picked up a Paralon b/c of his BW Scorponok style head. There was also at least 1 TR Fort Max (may have been 2, I was more concerned with the RID Warriors) and about 3 Galvatrons. Later I went to Think Geek store at Crabtree while my friend ran some errands. I had been wondering if they would ever reduce the price of their CW Victorion sets since they were overpriced and probably did not sell well at the inflated cost of $119.99. When I went in there was one left and the price had been dropped to $59.99. That was one of the lowest prices I had seen in a while and had been wanting it for a while as well, so I splurged and pounced on it. Amazon's cheapest was $72.00, HTS still charging $99.99 and ThinkGeek.com is charging $109.99, so I think I did pretty well. concrusher792 Mini-Con Posts: 44 News Credits: 1 Joined: Mon Dec 22, 2014 2:02 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Sat Oct 15, 2016 5:27 pm Weapon: Battle Blades 1 of each TR Wave 2 deluxe at the Walgreen's on the corner of Capital Blvd. and New Hope Church Rd in Raleigh. $19.99 each is no fun but if you only need one or all, they're there for the taking! I'm sure they wouldn't have been were I actually there looking for them SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ShockFlave » Wed Oct 26, 2016 7:15 pm I found a box set of Combiner Wars G2 Menasor with the groovy stunticons at the Wake Forest TJ Maxx for $39.99. It’s lacking the instructions, poster, and the lil card however. Apperently those instructions are printed on some real expensive paper. I took the only one they had but they did have a couple of Onslaughts and of course if one TJ Maxx had Purplejack and the gang then others will to. I hope I can find me a Superion with Bluebolt at another TJ Maxx. ShockFlave Mini-Con Posts: 3 Joined: Wed Sep 21, 2016 6:46 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ShockFlave » Fri Oct 28, 2016 6:14 pm One the two Walgreens closest to Southpoint mall had some Brainstorms. It’s the one in the Hope Valley Commons shopping center, the one with the Harris Teeter. After I got mine they had 3 left. They’re not hanging with the other TRs, they put the Brainstorms all together on a shelf mixed in with the other toys to the right of where Wolfwire and Mindwipe are hanging. ShockFlave Mini-Con Posts: 3 Joined: Wed Sep 21, 2016 6:46 pm Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Sat Nov 05, 2016 11:25 am Weapon: Battle Blades I've been out and about lately, but there's not much to write about! If anyone spots the newest RiD Warriors in the Triangle area (Bisk, Ratchet wave) lmk SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Re: North Carolina Transformers sightings by ScottyP » Mon Nov 07, 2016 1:37 pm Weapon: Battle Blades Got the last/only Stealthasaurus Grimlock at the Kildaire Farm Rd Walmart in Cary. They also have 8 Galvatrons thanks to a weird revision case being distributed that is all Galvatron. SW's SilverHammer wrote:I-I trusted you Scotty! Now Scottie Pippen is my favorite Scotty Listen to me ramble about robots on the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Looking for Micromaster Spinner, rare Minicons and Star Saber's Rifle. PM me if you have these for sale! ScottyP City Commander Posts: 3398 News Credits: 206 Joined: Wed May 03, 2006 4:42 pm Location: Raleigh, NC Follow ScottyP on Twitter Buy from ScottyP on eBay Top Previous Display posts from previous: All posts1 day7 days2 weeks1 month3 months6 months1 year Sort by AuthorPost timeSubject AscendingDescending Post a reply 788 posts • Page 32 of 32 • 1 ... 28, 29, 30, 31, 32 Return to Toy Sightings and Local Meetups Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Transformers Forums    Transformers Toys Forums       Transformers Toys Discussion       Transformers Toy Reviews       Buy, Sell, or Trade Transformers Toys          Carbombya Feedback       Non-Transformers Toy Discussion          Unlicensed and KO Transformers Toys       Toy Sightings and Local Meetups       Share Your Transformers Collection    Transformers General Discussion    Transformers Cartoons and Comics Forum    Transformers Collectors' Club and BotCon Forum    Transformers Live Action Film Forum    Transformers Video Forum General Forums    General Discussion    Video Games and Mobile Apps Forum    Fantasy Battles Seibertron.com Feature Forums    Transtopia: Fan-Fiction, Artwork, and Kitbashes       Customizations          Transtopian Discussion       Fan Artwork       Fan-Fiction       Photo Blitz    Transformers RPG - The Countdown To Extinction       RPG - Registration & Discussion       RPG - The RPG Forums          Cybertron - A Dead World          Earth - A New Battlefield          The Solar System - When Earth Is Not Enough          Universe - The Convergence       RPG - Character Profiles          Autobots          Decepticons          Custom Autobots          Custom Decepticons       RPG - The Archives          RPG - A victim of circumstances.             OOC Archives             Cybertron Archives             Earth Archives          RPG - The Dark Legacy Archive             Cybertron             Earth             BW778             Space             Character profiles          RPG - Ember's profile graveyard    Heavy Metal War Forums       Heavy Metal War Forum       HMW Tournaments       Rules Forum Who is online Registered users: Bing [Bot], Exabot [Bot], Google [Bot], Google Adsense [Bot], Kurona, Maximal Rainmaker, Yahoo [Bot] Board index The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 6 hours [ DST ] Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group Toy Sightings View All Current Products Recent Sightings by Location Toy Sightings Forum Items You're Watching Your Favorite Stores Stores Locations by Retail Chains Store Locator Your Sightings Help (FAQ) Vector Sigma Database Forums TF General Discussion TF Cartoons and Comics Forum TF Toys Forum TF Toys Review Forum TF Video Forum Live Action Films Forum Toy Sightings Forum Buy, Sell or Trade General Discussion Non-TF Toys Forum Video Games Forum Fantasy Battles Heavy Metal War Forums Transformers RPG Forums Kitbashes, Fan-Fiction & Artwork Staff Forums Transformers News World's First Fan-Built Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Truck Replica Completed, Now TouringWorld's First Fan-Built Age of Extinction Optimus Prime Truck Replica Completed, Now Touring Twincast / Podcast Episode #159 "Imperfect Specks"Twincast / Podcast Episode #159 "Imperfect Specks" Target Offering 15% off Non-Generations Robots in Disguise Figures Through Cartwheel AppTarget Offering 15% off Non-Generations Robots in Disguise Figures Through Cartwheel App Japanese Toys'R'Us limited campaign exclusive Hyper Micron Shining LancelonJapanese Toys'R'Us limited campaign exclusive Hyper Micron Shining Lancelon Transformers: The Last Knight Isabela Moner on Filming with Michael BayTransformers: The Last Knight Isabela Moner on Filming with Michael Bay Transformers Design Team (RID, TR, Generations) InterviewTransformers Design Team (RID, TR, Generations) Interview Video Review of Transformers Titans Return Titan Master SawbackVideo Review of Transformers Titans Return Titan Master Sawback Ending Soon On eBay Twincast / Podcast #159: "Imperfect Specks" MP3 · iTunes · RSS · View · Discuss · Ask Posted: Saturday, November 12th, 2016 The Ultimate Caption ContestLatest: Machinima's Transformers Combiner Wars Poster Google Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera Compatible with the latest versions of the world's most popular browsers. Report problems you experience here. Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Main Sections Transformers News Transformers Toys Section Transformers Toy Galleries Energon Pub Forums Transformers Films Transformers Database Cartoons & Comics Transformers Related Events Heavy Metal War Game Social Network News Section View All News Toy News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Multimedia News Submit News RSS Feeds Multimedia Content Transformers: Earth Wars Game Listen to our Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Twincast/Podcast on iTunes Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Seibertron.com on YouTube Toys Section View Toy News Transformers Toys Forum Transformers Toy Sightings Buy, Sell or Trade Forum View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Galleries Most Popular Galleries Transformers Movie Toys Transformers Prime Generations, Reveal The Shield Transformers eBay Auctions Seibertron.com's Store on eBay We Buy Collections! Live Action Movies TF5 The Last Knight News Movie Toy Galleries Movie Related Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Events Event News View All Events NYCC 2016 TFNation 2016 SDCC 2016 BotCon 2016 Toy Fair 2016 Transformers Exhibit 2015 Transformers The Ride - 3D Cartoons & Comics Cartoons & Comics Forum View Cartoon Related News Comic Book News Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Social Network Join Seibertron.com Message Board Like us on Facebook Tweet us on Twitter Add us on Google+ Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Visit our store on eBay Miscellaneous Privacy Policy About Contact Us Submit News Translate Join Sign in Seibertron.com is an unofficial Transformers fansite. It is not associated with nor endorsed by Hasbro or Takara Tomy. Transformers® is a registered trademark of Hasbro, Inc. Visit Transformers.com to view Hasbro's official Transformers website or visit Takara Tomy's official Transformers website. In order to comply with the FTC's endorsement guidelines, we hereby inform this site's viewers that we occasionally receive sample products, content, or other forms of media from various companies in order for us to provide content of interest to our readers. Some of the content on this site are sponsored posts for which we have been compensated. Some of the links to external sites posted on this site may automatically be converted to an affiliate link for which we may be compensated. 5,329 pages were recently viewed by 479 unique visitors. This page loaded in 0.1457 seconds and was viewed 1 times on Monday, November 14th 2016 1:12am CST © 2016 Seibertron, Inc. DBA Seibertron.com. All Rights Reserved. Established June 2000. Seibertron.com is owned by Ryan Yzquierdo.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive 1 dead, 5 others shot at Clock Tower party in Rockford Saturday Oct 15, 2016 at 6:52 AM Oct 16, 2016 at 12:35 AM Adam Poulisse Staff writer @adampoulisseGeorgette Braun Staff writer @georgettebraunKevin Haas Staff writer @kevinmhaas ROCKFORD — A 23-year-old man was killed and five others injured in an early-morning shooting today at a private birthday party at the Clock Tower Resort and Conference Center. Rockford police were called at 12:50 a.m. to the resort, 7801 E. State St., after shots were fired. They found the 23-year-old on the hallway floor suffering from an apparent gunshot wound. He was pronounced dead at the scene. His name is being withheld pending family notification. Officers also found a second man, 20, who had been shot. He was taken to the hospital for treatment and was in critical condition, according to Rockford police. Four others — an 18-year-old woman, and three men ages 18, 19 and 21 — were shot and taken to the hospital with injuries that are not life-threatening. All of those shot live in Rockford, Sgt. Rich Gambini said. Police said a dispute involving several people occurred before shots were fired. "It was a large birthday party," Gambini said. "It was chaotic, and people were running from the scene." Gambini did not have information this morning about who is responsible for the shooting. No one has been arrested. Chavez Dyse of Rockford attended the party but was at a nearby  Wal-Mart store buying snacks when the shooting occurred. She said the birthday party was for her cousin and took place in two linked hotel rooms. Her female cousin was one of the five people shot and taken to the hospital. She was responsive and recovering this morning, Dyse said. She said the party was exclusive and the location not widely shared. "Well under 50" people were there, she said. Someone let people in through a side door, which may be how the shooter slipped in, Dyse said. "I'm shocked and disappointed," Dyse said. "Rockford is not getting any better. This is just sad. You can't even chill at a hotel with people you know and have a good time without something bad happening." Calls seeking comment from the hotel manager were not immediately returned. This is the 22nd homicide in Rockford so far this year; there were 19 homicides in 2015. A concerned Denise Cardona, 27, of Monroe, Wisconsin, arrived at the Clock Tower at 9:35 a.m. today to help her mother catch a bus for a trip out of town. Cardona said she'd heard about the shooting. "I did not want to drop her off," she said. "So we stayed with her until she got on the bus." Bessie Young was at the resort this afternoon on a visit from outside Fort Hood, Texas. She moved from Rockford in the 1970s but returns to visit family. "There's a lot of violence here," she said, "as there is all over the world." Adrian Vasquez, owner of Totally You Hair Salon inside the Clock Tower Resort, said the shooting hasn't affected the salon. "It's business as usual," he said at about 11 a.m. "We have not had one call canceling. We have children in here right now." Industrialist Seth Atwood opened the landmark Clock Tower in 1968 to lure visitors to his multimillion-dollar Time Museum collection of exotic timepieces. The museum closed and the timepieces were sold. In 1999, the Atwoods sold the 250-room resort to Regency Hotel Management. Regency sold it in 2005 to WPH Rockford LLC and Sage Hospitality, which built the CoCo Key Water Park. The hotel was sold at auction in 2011 to Allied Hospitality of Houston, the current owner. CoCo Key has been shuttered since summer 2015 and maintenance problems have sparked concern among city officials. Anyone with information about the shooting should contact the Rockford Police Department at 779-500-6555 or Rockford Area Crime Stoppers at 815-963-7867. Check back for more information as this story develops. Adam Poulisse: 815-987-1344; apoulisse@rrstar.com; @adampoulisse Georgette Braun: 815-987-1331; gbraun@rrstar.com; @GeorgetteBraun Kevin Haas: 815-987-1410; khaas@rrstar.com; @kevinmhaas About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
About Us | Advertise | *News Alert* | Contact Us | Chula Vista, CA 0° F 7 day Forecast Home Prime Health & Fitness Real Estate Calendar Entertainment Newspaper Pickup Coupons Yellow Pages Public Notices Best Of SC 2016 [x]close Sender's Name: Sender's Email: Your Friend(s) Email:   use comma(,) if mutliple email addresses i.e(friend@domain.com, friend2@domain.com) Message Man sentenced for phony suds Neal Putnam | Sat, Oct 15 2016 12:00 PM A man who put soapy water in beer products which were returned to Chula Vista and National City stores after he received refunds was sentenced Oct. 7 to 150 days in jail and ordered to pay $60,911 in restitution. Eduardo DeJesus Cossio III, 32, was remanded to jail after he was placed on three years probation and ordered to pay investigative costs to a beer company and stores by San Diego Superior Court Judge Dan Link. “He was really trying to get free beer,” said his attorney, Daniel Greene. “He was down on his luck. He didn’t think it through.” “He wasn’t trying to harm individual citizens. He thought the beer would not be re-sold,” said Greene, who added that his client thought it would be returned to the manufacturer. Cossio, formerly of Chula Vista, bought 13 packages of beer bottles at Walmart stores in Chula Vista, National City and Target stores in Eastlake and El Cajon in 2014 and 2015. He drank the beer, and then put soapy water, food coloring, and/or cleaning solutions in the bottles before gluing the caps back on. He got refunds and the products were placed back on the shelves. Other people bought them and took one or two sips before realizing they were tampered with. One man went to an emergency room to see if he was poisoned, but no one was actually injured, according to attorneys. One man told an official the beverage tasted like someone else’s “bad mouth water.” “Food tampering is very serious,” said Deputy District Attorney Elizabeth McClutchey, who asked for 365 days in jail. McClutchey said a beer manufacturer spent $59,603 in investigative costs as it was initially believed to be possibly a broad product tampering case. She said Cossio went to great lengths to make it look like the returned bottles resembled beer. Target employees identified Cossio as he wore a distinctive set of earrings, beard, and hair style in store security tapes. He filled out the refund records with his correct name, date of birth, and driver’s license number. Link ordered him to stay 500 feet away from all Target and Walmart stores and to pay probation costs of $1,433. He was fined $1,484. Link suspended 215 days of jail time which Cossio may have to serve if he violates probation terms. Link specified that he must serve 30 days in jail, but can be screened for housing in a work furlough project for 120 days. If Cossio is allowed to go to his auto technician job during the day, he would be locked up at night and on weekends. Cossio apologized to all the victims. “I didn’t think it would lead to all this,” he said. Most liquor stores do not give refunds when someone tries to return alcohol products. The attorneys said Walmart and Target gave refunds because they were department stores and wanted to please customers. Charges involving 29 similar counts were dismissed after he pleaded guilty to three counts of adulteration of a food product. He could have received a maximum term of four years and four months in prison. He got credit for one day previously spent in jail before he posted $10,000 bond. E-mail Author Print Story RSS Feed Rate This Article 0 vote(s) Average Vote 0/5 1 2 3 4 5 Leave Comment Name Email (will not be published) Comment(s) Chula Vista » Honoring veterans tops Friday plans » The bard’s inspiration and influence spreads among area youth » Ex sheriff employee freed, must pay » Firestarter to be sentenced in Dec. » Prayer delivers firefighter’s apparent victory Most Recommended Articles » Stormi weather calls for continued perseverance amidst adversity » What else says made it in America other than a flag-waving Harley? » Sending a child into the world marked by dread and hope » Parent-teacher pact » A fuzzy head and pink bracelet Local News Local Sports Dining Calendar Forum Columnists Photo Gallery Weather Community Partners Public Notices Classifieds Contact Us Submit News Letter To the Editor About Us Advertise Terms and Services The Star-News | 296 3rd Ave., Chula Vista, CA 91910 | Phone: 619-427-3000 | Fax: 619-426-6346 | info@thestarnews.com| Site Feedback| Corporate
null

Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV London Search X News Video Weather Sports More MyNews Connect Local Sites Sections CTV News at 6 CTV News at 11 Latest News Features Health Weather Sports Throwback Thursday London and Area Works Paparella's People LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Info Links Local Contests Lotto Results Poll Results Footage Requests Features Photo Galleries Health Works FieldstoForks People Special Series Community We're Involved Community Calendar Smoke Signals Sections About Us Contact Us Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor Advertisement Featured false Police search water and surrounding area for missing teen Air Date: November 13, 2016 false Moon's orbit to be closest to Earth since 1948 false Santa takes temporary residence in Victoria Park Air Date: November 13, 2016 false Music Hall of Fame opening is star-studded affair Air Date: November 13, 2016 false Thousands line streets for Santa Claus parade Air Date: November 13, 2016 false Symposium builds parental engagement in education Air Date: November 12, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Stratford man arrested following a rash of thefts from vehicles Stratford Police charged a 31-year-old man in connection with a string of thefts from vehicles early in October, 2016. CTV London Published Saturday, October 15, 2016 12:48PM EDT A Stratford man is facing a total of 16 criminal charges following his alleged crime spree. Startford Police first arrested the accused on Wednesday, September 28th, at Walmart, for various offences related to theft and breach of probation. He was released with conditions. On Sunday, October 9th, police arrested the same man again in the driveway of a residence on Graham Crescent. Police were called there because a man was seen going through two unlocked vehicles. The accused was arrested for trespassing. During the arrest, officers found electronics and personal documents including a GPS, health card, SIN card, and two credit cards belonging to people at the Graham Crescent residence. Further investigation turned up an iPod, loose change, a wallet containing multiple credit cards from various victims, and a pair of bolt cutters. Officers also located a bag containing items from a local grocery store. Police say staff at the grocery store told them the accused tried to buy items using one of the stolen credit cards. The 31-year-old man is charged with the following offences: • 2 counts of Theft Under $5000 • 6 counts of Possession of Stolen Property Under $5000 • 3 counts of Breach of Probation • 1 count of Prowl By Night • 2 counts of Fail to Comply to Condition of a Recognisances • 2 counts of Use of a Credit Card Police say that in all these cases, the victims left their vehicles unlocked and that personal effects including wallets and purses were stolen. Stratford Police are reminding everyone to ensure their vehicle is locked at all times and that belongings remain out of sight when the vehicle is left unattended. MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false CTV London: Hall of Fame opens Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV News at 11 London for Sunday, November 13, 2016 Air Date: November 13, 2016 false CTV London: Water and ground search Air Date: November 13, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News More stories from London Emergency personnel searching Pond Mills area for missing male Masonville mall closed for a few hours after reports of ornaments falling Massive theft of Ontario's Casino Rama data sparks proposed class action Pets rescued after fire breaks out in Dresden home SIU probing Norfolk crash involving e-bike St. Thomas police charge two men with numerous drug offences London Weather Change city 5 °CA few clouds More London and area weather Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Trump's Oval Office: Appointments begin for president-elect false Death, destruction after earthquake strikes New Zealand false Sombre anniversary: One year after Paris terror attacks false Tory leadership hopeful leaves debate amid security concerns CTV National News for Nov. 9: Trump's presidential picks Advertisement Most Popular Stories 1 Masonville mall closed for a few hours after reports of ornaments falling 2 Emergency personnel searching Pond Mills area for missing male 3 St. Thomas police charge two men with numerous drug offences 4 Canadians mark Remembrance Day in London and across the country 5 City staff admit to oversights leading to $2M Normal School budget blunder 6 London man plans to buy his first house after winning $1 million 7 Talks resuming as inside workers strike enters week three 8 Golf Town parent company files for bankruptcy, selling Canadian stores 9 Victim identified in fatal 401 collision near Woodstock 10 Dozens of animal rights activists participated in a peaceful protest in Chatham Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Faith, Values, Family Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Volleyball Soccer Cross Country Water Polo Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Gift Guide Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Photos from The Oregonian View Oregon News, Community, Sports, Weather Images & Pictures TILLAMOOK CHEESE Saturday, October 15, 2016 9:48 AM 0 Jamie Hale | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Jamie Hale | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Email the author | Follow on Twitter Follow A farmer delivers milk to the Tillamook Creamery in Bay City, Ore., in this undated historical photo. Long before Wal-Mart ruled retail, before Rupert Murdoch bought broadcast media, 10 dairy farmers in the Tillamook Valley decided that bigger was better. They threw in $25 per factory and in 1909 formed the Tillamook County Creamery Association, makers of Tillamook Cheese. Last year, the creamery boasted $270 million in sales and produced 300,000 pounds of cheese a day. (AP Photo/Tillamook County Creamery Association via The Register-Guard, File) Share this photo Print Email Story tools Related galleries Tillamook Cheese Factory plans complete rebuild of visitors center Related topics BUSINESS, G01, HISTORIC PHOTO, NLL NLR Search for Photos From The Oregonian Autos Beavers Beavers Basketball Beavers Football Blazers Cycling Ducks Ducks Basketball Ducks Football Economy Elections Entertainment Environment Graphics Holidays HS Sports Living Lumberjax March Madness News NFL Opinion Oregon Coast Oregon school shooting Oregon standoff Outdoors & Recreation Pilots Portland Beavers Proms Rose Festival Sports Timbers Today Track & Field Travel Vikings Weather Winterhawks All Dates Return to Home Page This gallery: Tillamook Cheese Factory plans complete rebuild of visitors center (25 photos) Popular Photo TagsWhat's this? From Our Advertisers Advertise With Us » About Us About OregonLive.com Advertise with us Contact the newsroom Frequently Asked Questions Join our team Our Journalists Contact Subscriber Services Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Clark County Gresham Portland Washington County More Local News Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Forums Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Politics|U.S. Deficit Increases to $587 Billion, Ending Downward Trend Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2e4VDCO Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Politics U.S. Deficit Increases to $587 Billion, Ending Downward Trend By JACKIE CALMESOCT. 14, 2016 Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story WASHINGTON — The Obama administration confirmed on Friday that a six-year run of declining annual budget deficits had halted: The shortfall for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30 was $587 billion, an increase over last year in dollars and as a percentage of the economy. The uptick, which had been projected last winter by government analysts, largely reflected the revenue loss from expiring tax breaks for businesses and individuals that Congress extended in December. President Obama had proposed to pair the tax cuts with some tax increases on wealthy Americans, to avoid adding to the deficit, but Congress refused. The $587 billion deficit for fiscal year 2016 is equivalent to 3.2 percent of the gross domestic product, the measure of the overall output of the economy. The previous year’s deficit was $438 billion, or 2.5 percent of G.D.P. — a reduction of three-quarters from the level amid the recession at the end of the George W. Bush administration. While the tax cuts were the immediate cause of the return to rising annual deficits, budget shortfalls long had been forecast to climb unsustainably after 2018 because of the costs of an aging population. The number of people 65 years or older is expected to increase nearly 40 percent in a decade, driving up spending for Medicare and Social Security. Mr. Obama, in his budgets this year and in past years, unsuccessfully proposed significant tax increases for the wealthiest taxpayers and some corporations to offset spending initiatives and reduce deficits. In contrast, congressional Republicans proposed mainly to cut Medicare spending, in part by offering beneficiaries taxpayer-funded vouchers to purchase private insurance, and Medicaid, with reduced block grants to states. But legislation to that end never came to a vote. First Draft Political news and analysis from the staff of The New York Times. Sign-up for free NYT Newsletters Morning BriefingSubscribed News to start your day, weekdays Opinion TodaySubscribed Thought-provoking commentary, weekdays CookingSubscribed Delicious recipes and more, 5 times a week Race/RelatedSubscribed A provocative exploration of race, biweekly Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, proposes some of the same tax increases as Mr. Obama has, and more. But the new revenue is intended to pay for her spending plans, including for education, not to reduce deficits. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mrs. Clinton’s Republican rival, Donald J. Trump, would cut taxes by trillions of dollars mostly for the wealthy and corporations even as he has vowed to sharply reduce the federal debt. His promises to reduce spending enough to cut the debt and pay for his tax cuts have been disputed even by conservative groups, because Mr. Trump has said Medicare and Social Security are off-limits for cuts. The Obama administration’s final reckoning on spending and taxes for 2016, which was jointly released by Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew and the budget director, Shaun Donovan, showed increases in spending for veterans benefit payments, the health programs Medicare and Medicaid, and for interest payments on the nation’s debt. Military spending increased little over all, and dropped for military operations and maintenance. Spending on nutrition for the poor, formerly known as food stamps, was down 4 percent. A version of this article appears in print on October 15, 2016, on page A16 of the New York edition with the headline: Ending Trend, U.S. Deficit Increases to $587 Billion. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
News Opinion Commentary Commentary: Five myths about charter schools Online Learning Damian Dovarganes / AP Charter schools' ntense rate of growth has fueled an equally intense debate about the role they'll play in the future of U.S. education. Charter schools' ntense rate of growth has fueled an equally intense debate about the role they'll play in the future of U.S. education. (Damian Dovarganes / AP) Emma BrownThe Washington Post They're in demand among parents who say traditional public schools have failed — but they're not always successful. Their intense rate of growth has fueled an equally intense debate about the role they'll play in the future of U.S. education. Advocates see their expansion as evidence that parents have a huge appetite for school choice. Critics see the beginning of the end of public education, with systems of neighborhood schools replaced by independent, privately run companies without the same obligation to teach the toughest students. A great deal of confusion surrounds charter schools. Here are some of the myths. Myth No. 1: Charter schools are everywhere. At its national convention this year, the NAACP called for a moratorium on charter school expansion. The Alliance to Reclaim Our Schools, a union-backed coalition, demands: "Stop flooding our communities with under-performing and unaccountable charter schools." The charter debate is front and center in the education reform wars, and you'd think that they're everywhere — a wave overtaking every community. Not quite. Charter schools advocates protest proposed school cap Chicago charter school advocates gathered to protest a provision that would cap the number of charter schools in the city under a contract with the Chicago Teachers Union. (Alyssa Pointer/Chicago Tribune) Chicago charter school advocates gathered to protest a provision that would cap the number of charter schools in the city under a contract with the Chicago Teachers Union. (Alyssa Pointer/Chicago Tribune) See more videos Yes, the charter movement is growing. And charters have a significant market share in an increasing number of cities, with New Orleans (where 93 percent of students attend charters) leading the way, followed by Detroit (53 percent), Flint, Mich., (47 percent) and Washington (44 percent). Forty-three states and Washington, D.C., have laws allowing for charter schools. But in many parts of the country, charters are few and far between. About 3 million students are enrolled in approximately 6,800 charters, according to the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools. That's only about 6 percent of all public school students. Eight states have no charter schools, and five have fewer than 10. The debate is loud, but the market share is still small. Myth No. 2: Charters are were the brainchild of union-busting billionaires. Critics of charter schools often accuse philanthropists — including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, entrepreneur Eli Broad, hedge fund manager John Arnold and the Walton family, heirs to the Walmart fortune — of fueling the rise of charter schools and other reform projects as a way to promote free-market ideology and undermine teachers unions. In Salon early this year, Diane Ravitch (a George H.W. Bush-era federal education official who has become perhaps the nation's most voluble charter critic) railed against Gates for using his wealth to push charters in Washington state. In the Huffington Post, Bill Bigelow argued that Charles and David Koch are involved with school reform because "they hate public schools." CTU wins a cap on charter schools — and students will suffer Andrew Broy Now that the dust has settled on the tentative contract agreement between the Chicago Teachers Union and Chicago Public Schools, and all the parties have patted themselves on the back, let's take a closer look at what was lost at the bargaining table. In a curious side deal with the CTU, CPS is... Now that the dust has settled on the tentative contract agreement between the Chicago Teachers Union and Chicago Public Schools, and all the parties have patted themselves on the back, let's take a closer look at what was lost at the bargaining table. In a curious side deal with the CTU, CPS is... (Andrew Broy) It is true that deep-pocketed foundations have played a key role in the expansion of charter schools, through contributions to charters themselves and to the ecosystem of organizations that work with such schools. But charters were originally the brainchild of teachers union stalwart Al Shanker, who served as president of the American Federation of Teachers from 1974 to 1997. Shanker proposed charter schools in 1988, arguing that they would give small groups of teachers a way to dream up new methods of reaching the students for whom traditional schools were not working. Their successes and failures would hold lessons for other schools striving to improve. The first charter school opened in Minnesota in 1992. Some charters have acted as Shanker envisioned, but in many states they haven't, rejecting requirements for teacher certification or barring collective-bargaining rights. Driven by a vision of market-based reform, charters have become not laboratories so much as competition meant to either spur traditional schools to improve or replace them. Just a few years after proposing charter schools, Shanker largely disavowed them, holding instead that schools would get better only by standardizing their goals — the same theory that underlies today's controversial Common Core state standards. Myth No. 3: Charters are better than traditional public schools. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is a big fan of expanding school choice via vouchers and charters. "We will rescue kids from failing schools," he told the GOP convention in July. Books, articles and documentaries like "Waiting for 'Superman" have created in the popular imagination a picture of charter schools with impossibly long waiting lists, offering an escape to children desperate for a better education in neighborhoods beset by crumbling traditional schools. While it is true that some charter schools outperform traditional schools, it is also true that many charter schools fail. The Center for Research on Education Outcomes (CREDO) has produced a series of studies comparing academic results at charter and traditional schools. In 2013, CREDO found no difference nationally between traditional and charter schools in math, while in reading, the average charter school student gained the equivalent of an additional eight days of learning per year. But there was wide variation. Among the charters CREDO studied, 31 percent were significantly weaker in math than their traditional school counterparts, 29 percent were significantly stronger and 40 percent showed no real difference. CREDO studies also show variation across state lines. In cities, charters tend to fare better: The average student in an urban charter school gains the equivalent of 40 more days of learning in math and 28 additional days in reading. But the average charter student in Texas and in Ohio — a state that has been notorious for allowing poor-performing charters to persist — learns less in math and reading each year than her peers in traditional schools. Myth No. 4: Charter schools are public. Or private. In August, a National Labor Relations Board majority ruled that a charter school in Brooklyn "was not established by a state or local government" and was, therefore, "not itself a public school." The board's lone dissenter argued that "charter schools operate as K-12 public schools" and should be treated as such since "they are substantially regulated under state and local laws, and they are overseen by state and local authorities." This is one of education's more bitter feuds, a semantic battle that underlines how important public education is to our nation's notion of itself. Advocates insist that charter schools are public because they are tuition-free and equally open to all children. Critics argue that charters are at the leading edge of an effort to privatize public education in the same way other government functions, such as prisons, have been outsourced to private companies. How the charter school lobby is changing the Democratic Party Harold Meyerson At a time when Democrats and their party are, by virtually every index, moving left, a powerful center-right pressure group within the liberal universe has nonetheless sprung up. Funded by billionaires and arrayed against unions, it is increasingly contesting for power in city halls and statehouses... At a time when Democrats and their party are, by virtually every index, moving left, a powerful center-right pressure group within the liberal universe has nonetheless sprung up. Funded by billionaires and arrayed against unions, it is increasingly contesting for power in city halls and statehouses... (Harold Meyerson) Neither side is entirely right. Charters are a hybrid, and judges and regulators have struggled to figure out how they should be treated under the law. "Courts have had a difficult time determining their legal status because they exhibit both public and private characteristics," researchers wrote in a University of Massachusetts Law Review article last year. When charter students in Colorado, for instance, set a fire that destroyed private property, the property owners sued the school for negligence. The school argued that it was a public entity and therefore immune. A federal judge agreed, finding that the school's autonomy did not make it a private institution. Often, the public- or private-ness of charter schools depends on state law. In many states, for example, charter schools are subject to sunshine laws, meaning their records and board meetings are open to the public. But not everywhere: In D.C., for instance, charters are exempt from sunshine laws, which means journalists and parents often cannot access even basic information about how the schools spend taxpayer money. Myth No. 5: All charters employ zero-tolerance discipline. Many of the nation's most heralded charter school networks were built as "no excuses" schools that practice a broken-windows approach to discipline. Children are expected to abide by strict rules — walking in silent lines, eating silent lunch, sitting up straight, maintaining eye contact with the teacher as she moves about the room — and are punished for even small infractions. The suspension rate among charters nationally was 16 percent higher than among traditional schools in the 2011-2012 school year, according to the Civil Rights Project at UCLA. But it has never been the case that all charter schools subscribe to the no-excuses, zero-tolerance philosophy. In D.C. in 2011-2012, the same year that charter schools were 72 times more likely than the traditional school system to expel a student, there were six charters that issued zero suspensions or expulsions, and 15 others that issued five or fewer. Lately — amid growing concern over feeding the school-to-prison pipeline with expelled students, and over producing graduates ill-equipped to deal with the freedom and responsibility of college life — there's been a shift even among some stalwarts of the no-excuses approach. At Ascend charter schools in New York, kids no longer get in trouble for wearing socks that are the wrong color. In D.C., charter schools' suspension and expulsion rates are dropping. Some KIPP schools now use restorative justice, which prioritizes working through problems over doling out punishment. Even Education Secretary John King Jr. — whose charter school in Boston is known for both its high test scores and high suspension rates — delivered a speech this summer calling on charter leaders to rethink their approach to discipline. Washington Post Emma Brown covers national education for The Washington Post. Copyright © 2016, Chicago Tribune Charter Schools Educators Bill Gates David Koch NAACP Eli Broad Will Donald Trump govern in prose or profanity? Trump and the media 'failure' Now it's the Democrats who need an 'autopsy' Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 43°
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  14 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.60   0.10 1.18%   AAMRATECH 26.10   -0.60 -2.25%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.00   -0.10 -0.58%   ACI   -4.00   ACIFORMULA 150.00   -5.80 -3.72%   ACMELAB 105.00   5.40 5.42%   ACTIVEFINE 38.00   -0.20 -0.52%   AFCAGRO 44.00   0.80 1.85%   AFTABAUTO 50.20   -0.50 -0.99%   AGNISYSL 18.30   -0.30 -1.61%   AGRANINS 16.50   0.10 0.61%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 99.30   0.90 0.91%   ALARABANK 14.80   -0.10 -0.67%   ALLTEX 8.90   -0.30 -3.26%   AMANFEED 78.40   -1.10 -1.38%   AMBEEPHA 442.90   -4.30 -0.96%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.40   -0.70 -0.35%   ANLIMAYARN 26.70   -0.20 -0.74%   ANWARGALV 67.10   -0.10 -0.15%   APEXFOODS 150.00   -6.20 -3.97%   APEXFOOT 365.60   -8.60 -2.30%   APEXSPINN 124.80   -5.60 -4.29%   APEXTANRY 129.00   -8.50 -6.18%   APOLOISPAT 16.00   -0.20 -1.23%   ARAMIT 354.50   -2.60 -0.73%   ARAMITCEM 30.50   -0.20 -0.65%   ARGONDENIM 25.90   -0.40 -1.52%   ASIAINS 16.00   -0.40 -2.44%   ASIAPACINS 16.00   0.40 2.56%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 114.90   -1.10 -0.95%   AZIZPIPES 66.90   5.50 8.96%   BANGAS 103.30   -8.70 -7.77%   BANKASIA 17.50   -0.20 -1.13%   BARKAPOWER 29.60   -0.20 -0.67%   BATASHOE 1170.00   -1.00 -0.09%   BATBC   -8.60   BAYLEASING 19.60   -0.10 -0.51%   BBS   1.50   BDAUTOCA 69.10   -1.70 -2.40%   BDCOM   -0.60   BDFINANCE 9.40   0.10 1.08%   BDLAMPS 170.00   -1.60 -0.93%   BDTHAI 21.90   0.20 0.92%   BDWELDING 9.00   0.10 1.12%   BEACHHATCH 8.70   -0.10 -1.14%   BEACONPHAR 19.30   -0.80 -3.98%   BENGALWTL 38.90   -1.00 -2.51%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   -13.70 -0.57%   BEXIMCO 21.80   -0.10 -0.46%   BGIC   0.30   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.20   BRACBANK 66.00   -1.30 -1.93%   BSC   -1.80   BSCCL   -0.70   BSRMLTD 138.60   1.20 0.87%   BSRMSTEEL 93.90   0.50 0.54%   BXPHARMA 81.90   -0.40 -0.49%   BXSYNTH 5.90   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALPHL 14.70   -0.10 -0.68%   CITYBANK 23.30   0.30 1.30%   CITYGENINS 14.10   0.00 0.00%   CMCKAMAL 13.40   0.00 0.00%   CNATEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 123.00   4.80 4.06%   CONTININS 16.10   0.00 0.00%   CVOPRL 190.30   -13.20 -6.49%   DACCADYE 6.90   0.10 1.47%   DAFODILCOM 33.70   0.30 0.90%   DBH   -0.80   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.30   1.40 1.48%   DELTASPINN 8.50   0.20 2.41%   DESCO   1.20   DESHBANDHU 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   DHAKABANK 16.10   -0.10 -0.62%   DHAKAINS 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   DOREENPWR 120.40   -19.00 -13.63%   DSHGARME 353.00   6.20 1.79%   DSSL   0.00   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.20 -0.84%   EASTLAND 19.70   -0.20 -1.01%   EASTRNLUB 924.00   -63.90 -6.47%   EBL   0.50   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   ECABLES 148.00   2.50 1.72%   EHL   -0.90   EMERALDOIL 31.80   -1.10 -3.34%   ETL   0.00   EXIM1STMF 6.50   -0.10 -1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.80   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.10   -0.20 -1.04%   FAREASTFIN 9.50   0.10 1.06%   FAREASTLIF 63.40   -0.50 -0.78%   FASFIN 10.80   0.00 0.00%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   FEKDIL 21.90   -0.20 -0.90%   FINEFOODS 20.80   0.60 2.97%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 11.50   0.30 2.68%   FORTUNE 44.90   1.30 2.98%   FUWANGCER 14.60   -1.30 -8.18%   FUWANGFOOD 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GBBPOWER 14.70   -0.10 -0.68%   GEMINISEA 800.00   12.70 1.61%   GENNEXT 6.80   0.10 1.49%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   -1.50   GLAXOSMITH 1570.00   0.30 0.02%   GLOBALINS 12.30   -0.50 -3.91%   GOLDENSON 17.00   -0.10 -0.58%   GP   0.10   GPHISPAT 29.00   -0.20 -0.68%   GQBALLPEN 68.00   -1.20 -1.73%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.60   -0.30 -0.64%   GSPFINANCE 18.90   0.00 0.00%   HAKKANIPUL 44.50   -0.40 -0.89%   HEIDELBCEM 545.10   -7.30 -1.32%   HFL   -2.10   HRTEX   0.00   HWAWELLTEX 34.80   -0.50 -1.42%   IBBLPBOND 967.00   -7.50 -0.77%   IBNSINA 219.00   10.10 4.83%   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.00 0.00%   ICB2NDNRB 7.70   -0.10 -1.28%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.10   -0.10 -1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 3.90   -0.10 -2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   -1.50   IFADAUTOS 76.00   0.00 0.00%   IFIC   -0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   0.10   IMAMBUTTON 11.40   1.00 9.62%   INTECH 12.30   0.10 0.82%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 29.30   0.10 0.34%   ISLAMICFIN 14.80   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMIINS 16.50   -0.20 -1.20%   ISNLTD 13.30   0.40 3.10%   ITC   -1.20   JAMUNABANK 14.30   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 194.70   -3.40 -1.72%   JANATAINS 12.30   0.10 0.82%   JMISMDL 153.50   -3.10 -1.98%   JUTESPINN 55.00   -0.50 -0.90%   KARNAPHULI 13.50   -0.40 -2.88%   KAY&QUE 32.00   -0.10 -0.31%   KBPPWBIL 17.20   -1.00 -5.49%   KDSALTD 66.40   -0.50 -0.75%   KEYACOSMET 9.70   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 455.00   -23.50 -4.91%   KPCL   0.00   KPPL   -0.10   LAFSURCEML 75.40   0.60 0.80%   LANKABAFIN 26.80   0.00 0.00%   LEGACYFOOT 18.20   -0.40 -2.15%   LIBRAINFU 516.50   -12.00 -2.27%   LINDEBD 1350.20   -4.20 -0.31%   LRGLOBMF1 6.50   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 7.10   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   -0.20 -1.27%   MARICO 1210.00   6.10 0.51%   MATINSPINN 36.00   -0.50 -1.37%   MBL1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 6.60   0.00 0.00%   MEGHNACEM 93.30   -2.90 -3.01%   MEGHNALIFE 51.90   -0.30 -0.57%   MEGHNAPET 5.60   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.40   0.30 2.29%   MERCINS 13.70   0.20 1.48%   METROSPIN 6.50   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -1.10   MICEMENT 75.00   -4.00 -5.06%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.50 2.08%   MIRACLEIND 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   MITHUNKNIT 68.80   -0.50 -0.72%   MJLBD   -1.20   MODERNDYE 201.20   -19.20 -8.71%   MONNOCERA 36.50   -0.20 -0.54%   MONNOSTAF 561.50   -16.50 -2.85%   MPETROLEUM 182.80   -3.80 -2.04%   MTB   0.00   NATLIFEINS 170.70   0.10 0.06%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -1.00 -1.77%   NBL   0.00   NCCBANK 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   NFML   -0.30   NHFIL   0.70   NITOLINS 21.10   0.00 0.00%   NLI1STMF 12.70   -0.10 -0.78%   NORTHERN 215.30   -12.00 -5.28%   NORTHRNINS 18.10   0.00 0.00%   NPOLYMAR 85.30   -0.60 -0.70%   NTC   -15.90   NTLTUBES 126.80   11.00 9.50%   OAL   1.00   OLYMPIC 301.30   -7.30 -2.37%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 60.20   -6.30 -9.47%   ORIONPHARM 35.10   -0.80 -2.23%   PADMALIFE 22.80   -0.30 -1.30%   PADMAOIL 186.00   -1.80 -0.96%   PARAMOUNT 19.60   0.20 1.03%   PENINSULA 24.20   0.30 1.26%   PEOPLESINS 16.40   -0.20 -1.20%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 260.00   -8.00 -2.99%   PHENIXINS 21.00   -0.20 -0.94%   PHOENIXFIN 23.20   0.40 1.75%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 28.80   -0.30 -1.03%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 68.50   1.10 1.63%   POWERGRID 59.90   -4.90 -7.56%   PRAGATIINS 25.30   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 88.70   0.10 0.11%   PREMIERBAN 8.70   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 85.40   0.30 0.35%   PREMIERLEA 9.70   0.00 0.00%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEFIN 7.80   -0.30 -3.70%   PRIMEINSUR 15.80   -0.20 -1.25%   PRIMELIFE 57.00   -0.70 -1.21%   PRIMETEX 21.00   0.20 0.96%   PROGRESLIF 49.00   -0.70 -1.41%   PROVATIINS 13.70   -0.30 -2.14%   PTL   -0.60   PUBALIBANK 19.70   -0.40 -1.99%   PURABIGEN 15.20   -0.50 -3.18%   QSMDRYCELL 90.00   0.30 0.33%   RAHIMAFOOD 91.00   -4.10 -4.31%   RAHIMTEXT 241.00   1.60 0.67%   RAKCERAMIC 58.00   0.10 0.17%   RANFOUNDRY 104.40   0.60 0.58%   RDFOOD 14.50   -0.30 -2.03%   RECKITTBEN 1566.10   -18.70 -1.18%   REGENTTEX 12.30   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCE1 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   RENATA 1097.10   -2.00 -0.18%   RENWICKJA 594.50   -7.10 -1.18%   REPUBLIC 15.30   -0.40 -2.55%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.20 -1.12%   RSRMSTEEL 42.90   -0.20 -0.46%   RUPALIBANK 25.90   0.20 0.78%   RUPALIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   RUPALILIFE 34.50   0.20 0.58%   SAFKOSPINN 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   SAIFPOWER 60.40   0.20 0.33%   SAIHAMCOT 14.70   0.20 1.38%   SAIHAMTEX 13.60   -0.10 -0.73%   SALAMCRST 26.60   0.40 1.53%   SALVOCHEM 11.90   0.70 6.25%   SAMATALETH 24.20   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 62.50   -0.40 -0.64%   SANDHANINS 29.10   0.10 0.34%   SAPORTL 39.90   -0.90 -2.21%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   -0.10 -0.85%   SEMLLECMF 9.40   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.00   1.50 2.61%   SHURWID 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.20   -0.90 -6.87%   SIBL   0.40   SIMTEX 18.80   -1.00 -5.05%   SINGERBD 185.80   -0.80 -0.43%   SINOBANGLA 21.40   -0.80 -3.60%   SONALIANSH 199.70   2.90 1.47%   SONARBAINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   SONARGAON 8.90   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   -0.10 -1.22%   SPCL   -0.10   SQUARETEXT 65.70   -0.20 -0.30%   STANCERAM 57.60   -6.40 -10.00%   STANDARINS 18.00   -0.70 -3.74%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.10 1.01%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -69.60 -4.17%   SUMITPOWER 33.90   -0.10 -0.29%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.40 -2.22%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.30   -0.30 -3.49%   TITASGAS 47.80   -0.30 -0.62%   TOSRIFA 17.70   0.30 1.72%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.10   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 11.30   0.30 2.73%   UCB   0.10   UNIONCAP 12.20   -0.10 -0.81%   UNIQUEHRL 41.50   -0.30 -0.72%   UNITEDAIR 4.70   0.10 2.17%   UNITEDFIN 19.80   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDINS 25.20   0.20 0.80%   UPGDCL 143.60   -0.20 -0.14%   USMANIAGL 93.20   -2.90 -3.02%   UTTARABANK 23.20   0.00 0.00%   UTTARAFIN 57.00   0.00 0.00%   VAMLBDMF1 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   WATACHEM 149.10   -1.70 -1.13%   WMSHIPYARD 24.60   -0.20 -0.81%   YPL   -0.50   ZAHEENSPIN 14.80   -0.40 -2.63%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -1.90 -11.05%   ZEALBANGLA 17.60   0.50 2.92%   Latest News Hong Kong stocks falls  Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit ACIs declare interim dividend China stocks begin week on firm note  Power co recommends dividend Dollar hits nine-month high  Taiwan stocks hit four-month lows Oil co recommends dividend Gold slips to five-month low  Bourses open lower Nikkei shares rise as yen weakens TIME - 01:12 pm National Four cops closed in Rajshahi  Economy Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit World Four shot dead in Puerto Rico Stock Hong Kong stocks falls  Three burnt in Dhaka flat fire TOP NEWS Trump makes first key hires Bourses open lower ACIs declare interim dividend Dollar up, Asia shares divided Power co recommends dividend Oil co recommends dividend 4 snatchers held, Tk7.0m recovered SC stays Manna’s bail till Nov 27 GSP linked to labour rights: Bernicat Trump targets up to 3.0m migrants China stocks begin week on firm note  November 14, 2016, 12:53 pm Chinese stocks started the week on a firm note Monday, backed by better-than-expected growth in fixed-asset investment but gains remain capped on expectations the Yuan will continue to weaken. Stocks on mainland markets reversed early losses and were set to rise Read more Dollar hits nine-month high  November 14, 2016, 12:43 pm The dollar rose to a nine-month high against a basket of currencies early on Monday, as a risk-on mood in global markets triggered by Donald Trump's election to president remained firmly intact. The dollar index was up 0.4 per cent at Read more Economy BB to seek remedies for receding remittance The central bank is set to consult top bankers on remedies for revamping the receding remittance inflow to the country. A meeting of the Bangladesh Bank (BB) top brass with 30 managing directors (MDs) and chief executive officers (CEOs) of commercial banks will be held today (Monday) as part of the move, officials said. "We'll seek opinions of the top 30 remittance-recipient banks at the meeting as to how to increase the flow of inward remittances in the coming months," a senior official of the BB told the FE Sunday. The meeting, he said, will review the overall flow of inward remittances of UAE, China ideal places for youths to grow careers: WEF survey November 13, 2016, 6:34 pm Malaysian central bank urges caution amid ringgit volatility November 12, 2016, 8:08 pm German economy likely grew in Q3 despite Brexit November 11, 2016, 6:47 pm Malaysia's economy grows by 4.3pc in Q3 November 11, 2016, 5:43 pm Indonesia inflation rises in Oct   November 11, 2016, 2:04 pm Finance WB-govt talks on insurance sector uplift loan likely this month The government goes for completing negotiations on priority for a World Bank (WB) credit to finance uplift of Bangladesh's insurance sector on a par with expanding economic activities. Officials said the objective of the 'Bangladesh Insurance Sector Development' project is to Now BD can attract more FDI, says BEPZIA chief Govt nominates two representatives to BIDA Bank rate should come down to 4pc 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Editorial Boosting Dhaka-Naypyidaw economic partnership It is unfortunate that the outcome of the just-concluded eighth Boosting Dhaka-Naypyidaw economic partnership It is unfortunate that the outcome of the just-concluded eighth Op-Ed Shortage of 100-Taka notes AT present we see a scarcity of 100-Taka notes in Shortage of 100-Taka notes AT present we see a scarcity of 100-Taka notes in Speaker's Corner Speaker's Corner was established at the East West University three Speaker's Corner Speaker's Corner was established at the East West University three Early marriage: A social evil EARLY marriage is a deep-rooted malady in our society. It Early marriage: A social evil EARLY marriage is a deep-rooted malady in our society. It Stock Taiwan stocks hit four-month lows Taiwan stocks hit a four-month low on Monday as investor concerns over higher US interest rates under incoming President Donald Nikkei shares rise as yen weakens Stocks witness mild correction IPO subscription of Pacific Denims set to begin next month MJL most-traded issue on DSE Spl tribunal issues arrest warrants against two Meghna Petro recommends 105pc cash div Eastern Lub recommends 100pc cash div Orion Pharma recommends 15pc cash div National BGB seize Indian huge sarees Border Guard of Bangladesh (BGB) personnel seized a huge number of illegally imported Indian sarees worth Tk 12.70 million from Keshobpur Bazar area in Jessore district on Monday. Lt Col M Jahangir Hossain, captain of Jessore BGB battalion 26, said on secrete information that a large consignment of Indian sarees entered Keshobpur Bazar, a team of the border guards conducted a PM flies to Morocco Deed writer killed in Comilla Govt rejects time plea on Matarbari plant bidding Radical pension reform awaits PMO approval Govt to remove illegal structures built near four Dhaka rivers Fire guts 30 houses in Chittagong BTRC sets Nov 22 for public hearing  ACC revives trap case system to stop bribery Trade and Market Gold slips to five-month low  Gold slipped 1.0 percent on Monday to hit its lowest in more than five months, pressured by a stronger US dollar and expectations the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in December. Spot gold was down 0.7 per cent at $1,217.21 an ounce by 0451 GMT.  The metal fell as much as 1.0 per cent to $1,213.15 an ounce earlier in the Oil prices extend loses Bernicat links GSP to BD labour rights Govt plans Tk 30b 2nd phase of Savar Tannery Estate 'Innovative idea can infuse dynamism into banking services' Novoair to launch Kolkata flights Dec 01 Kirkland rejects $1.0b Gold Fields, Silver Standard offer Rangpur growers make good profit out of cucumber farming Myanmar to upgrade cross border trade gates World Egypt nabs 200 ‘Islamists’  At least 200 supporters of the banned Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt have been detained in connection with calls by the Northern Syria violence kills 23  Two killed in New Zealand quake Eight die as Rakhine militants clash with Myanmar army Sci-tech Smart City Hackathon organised in city The country's first ever 36-hour-long Smart City Hackathon was held in Dhaka on Friday and Saturday. The First Smart City Hackathon, 'Terrible error' over Facebook bug Apple officially selling refurbished iPhones Facebook buying passwords from black market! Education Five teachers to face action over JSC question Education Ministry ordered to take punitive action against five teachers for their negligence and inefficiency in preparing and reviewing the Hamid urges youths to uphold spirit of communal harmony Team Phoenix wins biz case competition a2i, BC to help people enhance English language efficiency  Sports Paris adopts Yunus' three zeroes as Olympic theme Paris, the city vying to host the 2024 Summer Olympics, has decided to give central role to Nobel Laureate Professor Sabbir's ton goes in vain as Barisal Bulls win by 4 runs Dhaka Abahani beat Team BJMC 2-1 in BPL Football Saif SC play 1-1 with Ctg MSC Health DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Hospital Wing of Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) has recently recommended cancellation of operating licences of three private hospitals and diagnostic centres in the capital for their unsatisfactory performance. Besides, DGHS has also recommended suspending activities of five hospitals, clinics and diagnostic centres, and issuing show-cause notices to five. The authority also summoned eight private hospitals, clinics and diagnostic centres for various irregularities and mismanagement. A DGHS team made the recommendations after visiting 34 government and private hospitals, clinics and diagnostic ... Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Vitamin D deficiency widely overestimated: Docs Entertainment International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city The third and final day of the second Dhaka International Folk Fest had a lot of expectations from music lovers, Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Shah Rukh is always open to opinions: Alia Bhatt Politics AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader CHITTAGONG, Nov 13 (BSS): Newly-elected General Secretary of Awami League (AL) Obaidul Quader said last night his party will not give nominations to any controversial leader in the next general election. "The members of parliament who have lost confidence of the people in their respective areas for their controversial and questionable activities would not get party tickets in the next general polls to be held in 2019," Mr Quader said. The process of nominating alternative candidates in those constituencies has already been ... Anti-Trump demonstrators preparing for long fight BNP to hold countrywide demo Monday AL activists scuffle in Ctg during Quader's visit Country Deed writer killed in Comilla A deed writer was stabbed to death by miscreants at Dulinardi village in Daudkandi upazila of Comilla district on Sunday Teacher leaked for JSC question leak ACC arrests land official in Comilla ‘Robber’ injured in Joypurhat ‘gunfight’ PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo Deputy Foreign Minister of Italy Senator Benedetto Della Vedova called on Prime Minieter Sheikh Hasina at Gonobhaban on Thursday. – Focus Bangla Different social and political organisations placed wreaths at the Shaheed Noor Hossain Square in the capital’s Gulistan area to observe Shaheed Noor Hossain Day on Thursday. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina presides over the first meeting of the Governing Board of Bangladesh Investment Development Authority (BIDA) at the Prime Minister\'s Office (PMO) on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo more news Bernicat links GSP to BD labour rights November 14, 2016, 12:16 am Govt rejects time plea on Matarbari plant bidding November 14, 2016, 12:15 am Radical pension reform awaits PMO approval November 14, 2016, 12:12 am Fire guts 30 houses in Chittagong November 13, 2016, 11:59 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 91 ISSUES DECLINED 128 Most popular Trump makes first key hires November 14, 2016, 9:52 am Now BD can attract more FDI, says BEPZIA chief November 14, 2016, 12:08 am BB to seek remedies for receding remittance November 14, 2016, 12:07 am Radical pension reform awaits PMO approval November 14, 2016, 12:12 am Malaysia awaits arrival of 8,000 from Bangladesh November 14, 2016, 12:06 am Govt to remove illegal structures built near four Dhaka rivers November 14, 2016, 12:00 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NTLTUBES 105.30 115.80 110.00 115.80 9.97 NAVANACNG 52.60 57.80 52.80 56.60 7.61 BDTHAI 20.20 21.90 20.30 21.70 7.43 DSHGARME 323.20 351.40 335.30 346.80 7.30 EASTLAND 18.70 20.00 18.90 19.90 6.42 PHARMAID 251.90 269.10 247.10 268.00 6.39 EHL 41.50 44.80 41.70 43.80 5.54 UNITEDINS 23.80 25.00 25.00 25.00 5.04 KDSALTD 63.80 67.60 63.50 66.90 4.86 FEKDIL 21.10 22.30 21.10 22.10 4.74 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation HWAWELLTEX 33.30 36.60 33.30 35.70 7.21 PENINSULA 22.40 25.10 22.40 23.90 6.70 BATASHOE 1110.00 1184.00 1110.00 1184.00 6.67 BBS 43.90 46.90 43.30 46.80 6.61 BDTHAI 20.40 21.90 20.30 21.70 6.37 PHARMAID 253.00 269.10 247.10 268.90 6.29 NAVANACNG 53.00 57.80 52.80 56.30 6.23 FEKDIL 21.10 22.30 21.10 22.30 5.69 AAMRATECH 25.50 27.00 25.50 26.90 5.49 MITHUNKNIT 66.20 70.10 64.80 69.70 5.29 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG BANGAS 164.00 145.00 102.00 112.00 -31.71 EASTRNLUB 1377.90 1280.00 955.00 987.90 -28.30 TALLUSPIN 9.90 9.60 8.00 8.60 -13.13 SAMORITA 69.80 64.50 60.00 62.90 -9.89 PREMIERCEM 94.20 91.50 84.80 85.10 -9.66 EMERALDOIL 36.00 36.00 32.40 32.90 -8.61 SAVAREFR 52.10 49.90 46.90 48.00 -7.87 NPOLYMAR 92.90 90.50 85.00 85.90 -7.54 CONFIDCEM 127.80 127.80 115.10 118.20 -7.51 BSRMLTD 147.40 140.90 133.60 137.40 -6.78 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation BANGAS 145.00 145.00 102.00 111.30 -23.24 EASTRNLUB 1280.00 1280.00 955.00 983.90 -23.13 CONFIDCEM 127.50 127.80 115.10 116.00 -9.02 KAY&QUE 34.70 34.70 31.60 31.60 -8.93 EMERALDOIL 35.80 36.00 32.40 32.90 -8.10 RAHIMTEXT 259.90 259.90 236.00 239.00 -8.04 IMAMBUTTON 11.00 11.00 10.20 10.20 -7.27 PREMIERCEM 91.50 91.50 84.80 85.00 -7.10 BEACONPHAR 21.50 21.60 19.80 20.00 -6.98 ECABLES 155.80 155.80 145.00 145.50 -6.61 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Subscribe to Kane County Chronicle 43°FA Few CloudsFull Forecast News News Home Local Get Newsletter Government Education Local Business Town News and Info Community Dining Police Reports Finance Face Time Corrections Get App Sports Sports Home Preps Columns Chicago Steel Kane County Cougars Community Sports Athlete of the Month Get App Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Bears Features A&E Artist Q&A Books Chit Chat Everyday Heroes Features Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies Music Mystery Diner Planit Kane Taste of the Town Theater Weekend Life Opinion Opinion Home Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Editorial Cartoons Photos Photo Lists Photo Store Share Photos Galleries Archive Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Campus Report Eagle Scout Engagement Announcement Girl Scout Gold Award recipient Join the Birthday Club Letters to the Editor Local Band Spotlight Neighbors Press Release Service Report Share Photos Sidetracks Press Release Submit an Event Support Group Listings Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Coupons Deals Dining e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Fox River Bike Trails Forms Kane County Magazine Public Notices RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Features Opinion Obits Photos Video Planit Text Alerts Newsletter Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified St. Charles Geneva Batavia Elburn Sugar Grove Batavia police reports Published: Saturday, Oct. 15, 2016 9:29 a.m. CST • Updated: Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016 10:00 a.m. CST (Continued from Page 1) • Aaron P. Snyder, 26, of the 400 block of North Charles Street, Cortland, was charged Oct. 6 with driving with a suspended license and no vehicle insurance in the 1300 block of North Kirk Road, Batavia. • Donald E. Mulson, 44, of the 300 block of Maple Lane, Batavia, was charged Oct. 8 with driving without a valid license, expired registration and no vehicle insurance on North Batavia Avenue, Batavia. • Brandon Serrano, 20, of the 1000 block of Fifth Street, Aurora, was charged Oct. 8 with driving with a suspended license and suspended registration for not having vehicle insurance at South Randall Road and Main Street, Batavia. • Someone took a shopper's cellphone that had been set down on a shelf at Wal-Mart, 801 North Randall Road, Batavia, according to an Oct. 8 police report. • Adam R. Goepel, 37, of the 400 block of East Park Avenue, Aurora, was charged Oct. 10 with driving with a suspended license and without vehicle insurance in the 1100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia. • A home stager reported the theft of a $5,000 Persian rug from a home in the 1200 block of Davey Drive, Batavia, according to an Oct. 10 police report. • A vehicle was struck on the driver's side in the 1100 block of West Wilson Street, Batavia, according to an Oct. 10 police report that stated the damage occurred the preceding weekend. • A pit bull was bitten by another dog in the 1300 block of Foxglove Drive, Batavia, according to an Oct. 10 police report. • Lizzette S. Gonzalez, 25, of the 1200 block of Kings Court, West Chicago, was charged Oct. 11 with driving without a valid license and without vehicle insurance, and with displaying expired registration at East Fabyan Parkway and North Kirk Road, Batavia. • A mail box valued at $150 was damaged in the 2900 block of Hapner Way, Batavia, according to an Oct. 11 police report. • A hit-and-run incident between two vehicles was reported Oct. 12 at North Randall Road and Mill Street, Batavia. • A resident of the 300 block of Blair Street, Batavia, filed an Oct. 12 report of identity theft about receiving a credit card but having not applied for it. • Kelly E. Dunn Jr., 26, of the 800 block of Parkside Lane, Yorkville, was charged Oct. 12 in the 500 block of Illinois Avenue, Batavia, with driving an uninsured vehicle with a suspended license, and for obstructing identification. • Myriah R. Rogers, 25, of the 500 block of Illinois Avenue, Batavia, was arrested on a Kane County warrant for contempt of court, according to an Oct. 12 police report. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page Related Links Batavia OKs auto collision shop at former Aldi Geneva concert by Grammy-nominated artist to benefit children Batavia open house guests to vote on playground designs Golson family of Batavia founds charity Batavia moves ahead on downtown district Park District Dish: Batavia residents light up community Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Kane County Chronicle. More News Batavia OKs auto collision shop at former AldiNov. 12, 2016 - 8:40 pm Visitation and services set for two Kaneland teensNov. 11, 2016 - 4:06 pm Weekend 5: Comedy stars, Brian Setzer, arts and crafts show among top picsNov. 11, 2016 - 9:11 pm Mrs. North Aurora to present benefit fashion showNov. 13, 2016 - 8:09 pm 12 more motor vehicle burglaries reported in Sugar GroveNov. 11, 2016 - 5:00 am Mike Simon receives Wood AwardNov. 11, 2016 - 9:12 pm About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2016 Kane County Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in St. Charles, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
12:12 AM Mon, Nov. 14th Weather  42.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Neighbors Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Daily News Email Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submit Subscriber Services (Starts-Stops) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) Today's Ads (Flyerboard) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Calendar of Events: Oct. 15-17 Originally Published: October 15, 2016 5:50 a.m. Share Tweet Ongoing Victory for Veterans, from 10 a.m. Friday through Sunday afternoon 3585 N. Highway 89 in Chino Valley. Evening meals, bonfires, entertainment and talks from a variety of guest speakers. Replica of the USS Arizona Battleship on display. Free to veterans. 602-750-0075. Saturday, Oct. 15 Prescott Farmers Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Yavapai College, 1100 E. Sheldon St., Prescott. 928-713-1227; www.prescottfarmersmarket.org. 25th annual Step Out Walk to Stop Diabetes, 9 a.m. on the Yavapai Prescott Indian Reservation. Parking and shuttle from Prescott High School, 1050 N. Ruth St., begins at 7 a.m. stepoutdiabetes.org. Free Creation Science Seminar, 9 a.m. to noon at Hillside Community Church, 937 Ruth St., Prescott. Fall Creation Science Seminar sponsored by the Arizona Origin Science Association. Featuring Russell Humphreys, Ph.D. Presentations begin at 9 and 10:30 a.m. Topics: evidence for a young Earth; why a young Earth is crucial to believers. David, 928-771-1218. 2016 Cordes Area Heritage Festival, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the High Desert Heritage Museum, 19600 Stagecoach Trail in Cordes Junction. Speakers on the history of the Cordes area and the Agua Fria National Monument, welcome stations, self-guided tours, exhibits and activities for children. 928-632-4633; cjhdvic@gmail.com. Mortimer Farms’ Pumpkin Festival & Corn Maze, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m., celebrating the fall season with a 15-acre Pumpkin Patch and 25-acre Corn Maze - in Dewey. Also includes attractions, games, farm activities, live entertainment, barn dance, and more. www.mortimerfarmsaz.com. Community Preparedness Fair, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Prescott Valley Event Center parking lot. Be better prepared for emergencies, job loss, debilitating illness or natural disasters by attending this event. Free. Hosted by the Prescott Valley, Arizona, Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Norm, 435-770-9674 or norm.davis13@gmail.com. Historic Downtown Walking Tours, 10 a.m. meet in front of Chamber’s Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St., Prescott. Donations accepted. Call ahead to confirm. 928-445-2000; www.prescott.org. Willow Lake Pit House Archaeological Site Tours, 10 a.m. to noon at Willow Lake Park. The park entrance is just past the Heritage Park Zoo parking lot. Yavapai Chapter Arizona Archaeological Society docents are available to discuss the area’s prehistoric people and the preserved, ancient pit houses. A map and information are available from charlesstroh@yahoo.com. Open house celebrating the 100th anniversary of the laying of the Yavapai County Courthouse cornerstone, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Prescott Courthouse, 120 S. Cortez St. Tours of the courthouse, including an exhibit area showcasing historical items used in the courthouse throughout the last 100 years. Shelly, 928-771-3168. Community Open House for WYGC’s Crisis Stabilization Unit, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at 8655 E. Eastridge Drive, Prescott Valley. Tour West Yavapai Guidance Clinic’s new CSU and see firsthand how mental health treatment is advancing. 928-445-5211. Rosary Rally, noon to 1 p.m. on the south side of courthouse plaza, downtown Prescott. Join folks from area Catholic churches for a rally sponsored by America Needs Fatima. Part of a nationwide movement sponsoring thousands of rallies across the country. Free. Americaneedsfatima.org. Walmart Wellness Day, noon to 4 p.m. at Walmart stores in Prescott (1280 Gail Gardner Way, 3050 E. Highway 69) and Prescott Valley (3450 N. Glassford Hill Road). Low-cost influenza and other vaccinations; free screenings for blood glucose, blood pressure and more. Meet and greet with Pascal Marco, author of “Render Safe,” 2 p.m. at Peregrine Book Company, 219 N. Cortez St. Prescott Chorale presents “Messe in D Minor,” 3 p.m. at St. Luke’s Episcopal Church, 2000 Shepherds Lane. Tickets $18 adults, $5 students 13-18. www.prescottchorale.org. “Anthony Mazzella,” 7 p.m. at the Elks Theatre and Performing Arts Center, 117 E. Gurley St., Prescott. $22 - $25. 928-777-1370; www.prescottelkstheater.com. Lincoln Brewster, 7:30 p.m., Yavapai College Performing Arts Center, 1100 E. Sheldon St., in Prescott. Join one of Christian music’s most innovative performers for an evening that fuses powerful musicianship with inspirational song. $25-$38. 928-776-2000 or www.ycpac.com. Prescott Center for the Arts presents “Veronica’s Room,” 7:30 p.m. at PCA Stage Too, 208 N. Marina St. This chilling mystery thriller by the author of “Rosemary’s Baby” explores the thin line between fantasy and reality, madness and murder. $17. 928-445-3286. Sunday, Oct. 16 Mortimer Farms’ Pumpkin Festival & Corn Maze, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., celebrating the fall season with a 15-acre Pumpkin Patch and 25-acre Corn Maze - in Dewey. Also includes attractions, games, farm activities, live entertainment, barn dance, and more. www.mortimerfarmsaz.com. Historic Downtown Walking Tours, 10 a.m. meet in front of Chamber’s Visitor Information Center, 117 W. Goodwin St., Prescott. Donations accepted. Call ahead to confirm. 928-445-2000; www.prescott.org. Prescott Center for the Arts presents “Veronica’s Room,” 2:30 p.m. at PCA Stage Too, 208 N. Marina St. This chilling mystery thriller by the author of “Rosemary’s Baby” explores the thin line between fantasy and reality, madness and murder. $17. 928-445-3286. Yavapai College Music Department presents: A Symphonic Spectacular, 3 p.m. at Yavapai College Performing Arts Center, 1100 E. Sheldon St., in Prescott. The Yavapai College Symphony Orchestra and Symphonic Band present an evening of Brahms, Dvorak, film scores and more. $8 for adults; under 14 free. 928-776-2000 or www.ycpac.com. Monday, Oct. 17 Opening of exhibit featuring artists Maryhelen Ewing and Fil Kewanyama, at The Raven Café, 142 N. Cortez St. Art up through Nov. 20. 928-717-0009. Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment More like this story KornuKopia calendar: Oct. 7-16 Calendar of Events: Oct. 5-16 Community Calendar: Oct. 2-6 Community Calendar: Oct. 12-23 KornuKopia: Pumpkin Fest, Ghost Talk and more Sign in to comment Comments Comments are not posted immediately. Submissions must adhere to our Use of Service Terms of Use agreement. Rambling or nonsensical comments may not be posted. In order for us to reasonably manage this feature we may limit excessive comment entries. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. MOST READ 7 days 30 days Child dies in Highway 89 accident Election results - Yavapai County, Arizona Neighbor dispute leads to arrest of suspect for attempted murder Remembering the ICON of JEROME: Founder of Gold King Mine and Ghost Town passes away 15-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of sexual assault, armed robbery Fatal accident shuts down Highway 89 in Chino Valley Yavapai County suicides: Overdoses ‘quite the epidemic’ Yavapai GOP official resigns over concerns with party’s conservative commitment Trump wins Arizona, picks up 11 more electoral votes PROTECTING PRESCOTT: Firebreak finished after 43 years Prescott Valley sex trafficking operation busted Child dies in Highway 89 accident Obituary: Alexander James Knapp DPS: 4 hurt seriously when cattle hauler strikes 23 cars on I-17 Prescott Valley family coping with injuries from Sunday’s 24-vehicle crash Two caught in drug bust; another suspect sought DPS: 4 hurt seriously when truck strikes 23 cars on I-17 Hotshots memorial trail nearly complete; path expected to be open Nov. 29 Election results - Yavapai County, Arizona Tiny homes are cute, but zoning, regs will apply SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Daily News Email Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Daily Courier and Western News & Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments Reports: Westfield police ID victim in Wal-Mart death westfield police patch small.jpg Print Email Jim Kinney | jkinney@repub.com By Jim Kinney | jkinney@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on October 15, 2016 at 9:25 AM comments WESTFIELD — City police have identified a woman who was found dead in the parking lot of a Westfield Walmart Thursday, according to a report tin the Westfield News. She is Jill Wetherell, 39, of Agawam. She'd been missing form Southwick since Oct. 5. Police told the paper that no foul play or illegal drug use is suspected.  The woman was discovered at about 10:15 a.m. in the parking lot on Route 20. The state medical examiner's office investigated the cause of death. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MUST-SEE CONTENT See All » View the Fall Photo contest winning entries Best Of Mass Restaurant Chains: Who won? Election Day photos Check out our photo galleries » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » Features Why is this Indian Hedge fund going short on Amazon? At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion In Mid-June 2016, we called out our position on Amazon. We did short the shares of Amazon based on the signals generated by our Algorithms. Lets understand a few basics of Amazon stock on the bourses. At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion. Compared to Walmart its peer in brick and mortar, its revenues are one-fourth of Walmart (Amazon's revenues also includes the revenues from cloud and other tech infrastructure services apart from ecommerce). While the metrics for valuation of an ecommerce is vaguely different from its peers in brick and mortar space, it is definitely not comparing apples and oranges. Amazon trades at trailing PE ratio of 210 as compared to Walmart at 14. There is a huge difference in the profits and losses both the companies Amazon and Walmart generate. Next year Amazon will have completed 20 years on its listing on the bourses. Hence it is definitely not a start up. Our Short of Amazon in June 2016   When we had initially shorted Amazon in mid-June 2016, the global ecommerce scenario was a bleak with several mark downs in valuations of several ecommerce companies, not only in the US but closer home with Flipkart, Snapdeal. While on a flight back from San Francisco, I met up with Kunal and Rohit, the co-founders of Snapdeal in the Eithad Lounge. While their mood down on a different set of reasons which is not relevant for the discussion here, I did discuss on our going short on Amazon and our outlook on ecommerce stocks. Rohit was clear that the they and the ecommerce sector will bounce back within 6 months. He had different set of reasons why the investors will come back to ecommerce. My point for going short on Amazon was completely different. Amazon has come off its peak in mid-June 2016. Amazon has traded above Point C for only 30 minutes in the last 10 days in June 2016. Our justification on calling a sell signal on Amazon was justified as shown below. A Fibonacci Ratio as well on the historical price performance of the stock.   Inspire Brexit and other fears, the markets were still on a run and so was Amazon stock in July and August 2016. We had to cover our shorts and the Amazon stock rallied. Post-Brexit, we called for a sharp correction in the markets on 27 July 2016. While we waited for the markets to correct, in August 2016 all the indices rallied to touch their all-time highs together, a phenomena that was witnessed in 1999, pre dot.com bust. Amazon stock also followed the market trend. When the markets corrected on 9 September 2016, we have once again picked up extremely strong sell signals on Amazon through out September 2016.   As the Amazon stock rallied over $847, we triggered a short on Amazon. There is a wide consensus amongst many hedge fund analysts and stock market analysts that the Amazon stock has peaked off.   Only time will say how the stock performs. Our Algorithms have proved the market correction of 9 September 2016 correct which we predicted on 27 July 2016. We will continue to gain from the signals our algos are providing us to gain profits for our investors. Let's wait and watch! We may prove correct on our call on Amazon this time round. ________________________________________________________________________________________________ The author is director, EquNev-K1T Capital Hedge Fund, a US equity market-focused Indian hedge fund Kapil Khandelwal Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Rosneft, Trafigura sign pact for picking 98% in Essar oil Business Standard Why is this Indian Hedge fund going short on Amazon? At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion Kapil Khandelwal  October 15, 2016 Last Updated at 17:21 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIQumn Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ If others are moving Titanic, we're moving a speedboat: Snapdeal's Kunal Bahl E-commerce firms reinvent beaten paths to reach out to customers Amazon sets the pace for e-commerce in India Race on as Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal eye $1.5 bn in festive sales Amazon narrows gap with Flipkart, tops Snapdeal In Mid-June 2016, we called out our position on Amazon. We did short the shares of Amazon based on the signals generated by our Algorithms. Lets understand a few basics of Amazon stock on the bourses. At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion. Compared to Walmart its peer in brick and mortar, its revenues are one-fourth of Walmart (Amazon's revenues also includes the revenues from cloud and other tech infrastructure services apart from ecommerce). While the metrics for valuation of an ecommerce is vaguely different from its peers in brick and mortar space, it is definitely not comparing apples and oranges. Amazon trades at trailing PE ratio of 210 as compared to Walmart at 14. There is a huge difference in the profits and losses both the companies Amazon and Walmart generate. Next year Amazon will have completed 20 years on its listing on the bourses. Hence it is definitely not a start up. Our Short of Amazon in June 2016   When we had initially shorted Amazon in mid-June 2016, the global ecommerce scenario was a bleak with several mark downs in valuations of several ecommerce companies, not only in the US but closer home with Flipkart, Snapdeal. While on a flight back from San Francisco, I met up with Kunal and Rohit, the co-founders of Snapdeal in the Eithad Lounge. While their mood down on a different set of reasons which is not relevant for the discussion here, I did discuss on our going short on Amazon and our outlook on ecommerce stocks. Rohit was clear that the they and the ecommerce sector will bounce back within 6 months. He had different set of reasons why the investors will come back to ecommerce. My point for going short on Amazon was completely different. Amazon has come off its peak in mid-June 2016. Amazon has traded above Point C for only 30 minutes in the last 10 days in June 2016. Our justification on calling a sell signal on Amazon was justified as shown below. A Fibonacci Ratio as well on the historical price performance of the stock.   Inspire Brexit and other fears, the markets were still on a run and so was Amazon stock in July and August 2016. We had to cover our shorts and the Amazon stock rallied. Post-Brexit, we called for a sharp correction in the markets on 27 July 2016. While we waited for the markets to correct, in August 2016 all the indices rallied to touch their all-time highs together, a phenomena that was witnessed in 1999, pre dot.com bust. Amazon stock also followed the market trend. When the markets corrected on 9 September 2016, we have once again picked up extremely strong sell signals on Amazon through out September 2016.   As the Amazon stock rallied over $847, we triggered a short on Amazon. There is a wide consensus amongst many hedge fund analysts and stock market analysts that the Amazon stock has peaked off.   Only time will say how the stock performs. Our Algorithms have proved the market correction of 9 September 2016 correct which we predicted on 27 July 2016. We will continue to gain from the signals our algos are providing us to gain profits for our investors. Let's wait and watch! We may prove correct on our call on Amazon this time round. ________________________________________________________________________________________________ The author is director, EquNev-K1T Capital Hedge Fund, a US equity market-focused Indian hedge fund Read More On Amazon | Walmart | Kunal | Rohit | San Francisco | Flipkart | Snapdeal | Companies | Features PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Educate a child in need for Rs. 800 every month Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now PPFAS MF: Managing money using Value Investing principles! Why is this Indian Hedge fund going short on Amazon? At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion In Mid-June 2016, we called out our position on Amazon. We did short the shares of Amazon based on the signals generated by our Algorithms. Lets understand a few basics of Amazon stock on the bourses. At a price of $844 per share and above, Amazon's market capitalisation is over US $ 400 billion. Compared to Walmart its peer in brick and mortar, its revenues are one-fourth of Walmart (Amazon's revenues also includes the revenues from cloud and other tech infrastructure services apart from ecommerce). While the metrics for valuation of an ecommerce is vaguely different from its peers in brick and mortar space, it is definitely not comparing apples and oranges. Amazon trades at trailing PE ratio of 210 as compared to Walmart at 14. There is a huge difference in the profits and losses both the companies Amazon and Walmart generate. Next year Amazon will have completed 20 years on its listing on the bourses. Hence it is definitely not a start up. Our Short of Amazon in June 2016   When we had initially shorted Amazon in mid-June 2016, the global ecommerce scenario was a bleak with several mark downs in valuations of several ecommerce companies, not only in the US but closer home with Flipkart, Snapdeal. While on a flight back from San Francisco, I met up with Kunal and Rohit, the co-founders of Snapdeal in the Eithad Lounge. While their mood down on a different set of reasons which is not relevant for the discussion here, I did discuss on our going short on Amazon and our outlook on ecommerce stocks. Rohit was clear that the they and the ecommerce sector will bounce back within 6 months. He had different set of reasons why the investors will come back to ecommerce. My point for going short on Amazon was completely different. Amazon has come off its peak in mid-June 2016. Amazon has traded above Point C for only 30 minutes in the last 10 days in June 2016. Our justification on calling a sell signal on Amazon was justified as shown below. A Fibonacci Ratio as well on the historical price performance of the stock.   Inspire Brexit and other fears, the markets were still on a run and so was Amazon stock in July and August 2016. We had to cover our shorts and the Amazon stock rallied. Post-Brexit, we called for a sharp correction in the markets on 27 July 2016. While we waited for the markets to correct, in August 2016 all the indices rallied to touch their all-time highs together, a phenomena that was witnessed in 1999, pre dot.com bust. Amazon stock also followed the market trend. When the markets corrected on 9 September 2016, we have once again picked up extremely strong sell signals on Amazon through out September 2016.   As the Amazon stock rallied over $847, we triggered a short on Amazon. There is a wide consensus amongst many hedge fund analysts and stock market analysts that the Amazon stock has peaked off.   Only time will say how the stock performs. Our Algorithms have proved the market correction of 9 September 2016 correct which we predicted on 27 July 2016. We will continue to gain from the signals our algos are providing us to gain profits for our investors. Let's wait and watch! We may prove correct on our call on Amazon this time round. ________________________________________________________________________________________________ The author is director, EquNev-K1T Capital Hedge Fund, a US equity market-focused Indian hedge fund Kapil Khandelwal Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Why India's venture capitalists need Flipkart Livemint 15-10-2016 Snigdha Sengupta © LiveMint Flipkart, which started up in 2007, alone accounts for over $3 billion or roughly 20% of the overall capital drawn between 2007 and 2015. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint Flipkart, the country’s largest home-grown e-commerce company, is slated to hit the road this quarter to raise a fresh round of capital, Mint reported this week. It hopes to raise at least $500 million and up to $1 billion, the report said citing unnamed sources. The report follows an earlier one in the Economic Times that said, also citing unnamed sources, that Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, is in talks to buy a stake in the Bengaluru-based company. Any kind of fund-raising by Flipkart is always something of an event in India’s start-up market. There are many who will insist otherwise. Flipkart, they argue, is no longer the benchmark for either funding or valuations. A lot of venture capitalists I meet also frequently complain about the media’s “unhealthy obsession” with reporting on start-up fund-raising at the exclusion of everything else, thus turning all matters funding into an event. But, here’s why start-up fund-raising and Flipkart’s in particular is so important. Between 2007 and 2015, venture capital-backed companies in India raised more than $15 billion from a variety of investors including venture capital firms, hedge funds and strategic investors, according to data compiled by VCCEdge. Flipkart, which started up in 2007, alone accounts for over $3 billion or roughly 20% of the overall capital drawn during this period. It has raised that money at astounding valuations. When it last raised capital, $700 million in July last year, its valuation was reported at $15.2 billion. In July, India’s venture capital market was still riding an unprecedented valuation wave and Flipkart was its flag-bearer. Things have changed since. The market has undergone a valuation correction. Again, Flipkart has led the way. Over the past few months, several foreign mutual funds that hold minority stakes in the company have successively marked down the value of their shares. Last reported, the e-commerce company’s valuation was estimated at around $9-10 billion. With the e-commerce sector bellwether falling out of favour with investors, the valuations and fund-raising prospects of several others in the market have been impacted one way or the other. The reported upcoming Flipkart fund-raising is interesting on two counts. One, the valuation at which it raises the next round of capital is going to influence future capital inflows into the e-commerce sector, the poster child of the ongoing start-up wave in the country. It could raise $1 billion at a valuation of $9-10 billion or more or it may muster just $500 million at a drastically lower valuation. Either way, it will give the e-commerce company, which is desperately battling Seattle based e-tailing giant Amazon for market dominance here, the runway to still prove to its investors that it can deliver the goods. Two, Flipkart’s success in raising funds, hopefully at a more than decent valuation, equally extends the runway for India’s venture capitalists. After more than 10 years of continuous investing, the venture capital market is yet to deliver a single blockbuster exit. Most firms active here have raised and deployed successive funds over the years without much to show so far in terms of returning profits to their investors. Let’s take a closer look at how much the top-rung firms currently manage between them. The 12 most active firms that invest from dedicated India funds have raised over $12 billion till date, based on data compiled from media reports and the websites of venture capital firms. Sequoia Capital India alone accounts for about $3 billion. It raised a massive $920 million fund earlier this year. Second in the pecking order, in terms of size, is Nexus Venture Partners, which now has more than $1 billion in funds under management. Next is Matrix Partners India with $710 million, followed by SAIF Partners at $700 million. These 12 firms represent investors who invest across the seed and alphabet rounds (Series A, B and C). Most of the capital they’ve raised has already been deployed, mostly in the consumer Internet sector. The concern for these investors and in turn for the start-up market is bringing in the next $12 billion. It is true that most of these venture capital firms have enough capital in reserve to see them through the next 2-3 years. But, after that the next tranche of funds will depend on a number of factors. How soon will the Indian start-up market begin to deliver supernormal returns on the investments that have been made so far? Will the flag-bearers of the current start-up wave go the distance and justify the investments made so far? How many among the 12 firms that have raised and deployed the $12 billion will survive? These are questions that don’t have easy answers yet. The Indian venture capital market is still young and the best assets are yet to be created. For that, uninterrupted access to early stage funds is paramount. The obsession with funding, Flipkart and valuations is going to be around for a while. There will always be time later to talk about the other stuff. Snigdha Sengupta is a consulting writer with Mint. She contributes stories on venture capital and private equity. Go to MSN Home More in News Xi has a message for Trump Reuters Time extended for old notes The Indian Express Cash chaos: Micro ATMs coming Hindustan Times Trump vows to deport millions News18 'Modi world champ of peace' The Indian Express Trump leaves US Muslims reeling, scared News18 Up Next New notes in ATMs tomorrow The Indian Express More in News Deadly earthquake jolts southern Japan Prince William and Kate visit India and Bhutan Follow MSN India on Facebook for the latest news and updates More From Livemint Nestle takes Maggi off the shelves Livemint Active.ai raises $3 million from Kalaari Capital and IDG Ventures Livemint Indian students' enrolment to US universities rises by a record 25% Livemint Israel's president Reuven Rivlin arrives on a six-day visit Livemint Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search UK Asda faces £100m claim in back payments to thousands of female workers Asda female shop floor staff have complained of receiving lesser wages than distribution centre staff. By Kedar Grandhi October 15, 2016 08:27 BST While the case dates back to 2002, there are currently about 9,500 past and current Asda workers who have joined this class actionGetty Images Asda faces a claim to pay £100m ($121.9m) as back payments to thousands of female workers, employment solicitor Leigh Day has revealed. It comes after a class action related to the same was given the right to proceed by an employment tribunal in Manchester. Day is representing 7,000 female shop floor workers who were or are working with the supermarket chain. They had complained of receiving between £1 and £3 less per hour than staff at Asda's distribution centres, which primarily consist of male workers. The Walmart-owned retailer had argued that the difference in pay was not because of gender but because of the difference in location and the nature of work. However, these female workers argued that the work they do were of the same value as that done in the warehouses but they were getting paid lesser as Asda perceived their work as "women's work", worth less than men's work. The tribunal ruled in favour of the women workers. It said that the jobs of these shopfloor women could be compared with jobs being done at the warehouses. While the case dates back to 2002, there are currently about 9,500 past and current workers who have joined this class action. Lauren Lougheed, a lawyer representing the Asda women staff, said: "Asda tried to argue that because the shops and distribution centres were in different locations, with different pay arrangements, that Asda could pay the men what they like. "However, the employment tribunal found that Asda, the employer of both men and women, could have made sure that there was equal pay between men and women if they wanted to, but chose not to." Asda, however, argued that the employment tribunal ruling would not determine the eventual outcome of the case. "It relates to a technical preliminary issue of whether jobs in different parts of the business can be compared. The tribunal has yet to consider whether the jobs are of equal value in terms of their demands and if some jobs are, only then will the tribunal move on to consider the reasons for the differentials, including the existence of different market rates in different industry sectors," it was quoted as saying by Sky News. The supermarket further argued that both men and women doing the same job in its retail stores were being paid the same, while both the sexes doing the same job in its distribution centres were also getting an equal pay. However, it said, "pay rates in stores differ from pay rates in distribution centres for legitimate reasons, including the different market rates for different jobs in different sectors." More from IBTimes UK Women make up for just 18% of UK's top 1% earners, says LSE research Theresa May: Where Britain's next prime minister stands on women's rights Mark Carney says BoE will not take instruction on policies 'from the political side' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Anti-Trump protests erupt across America Columnists Joe Glenton “Rethinking Remembrance: Why I'll be wearing a black poppy this year READ MORE Trump cabinet: US president-elect set to name first major appointee to his White House staff Trump mulling top jobs after whirlwind week sees him earn presidential nomination. BHS £1 buyer Dominic Chappell reportedly arrested over unpaid taxes HM Revenue & Customs is understood to have carried out a dawn raid on the former BHS owner. Prostitute killer Rurick Jutting paid for 9-in-a-bed romp with suitcase of cash Sex life of Surrey-born banker under the spotlight after he killed two prostitutes in Hong Kong. Theresa May reminds Britain not to forget those serving in current conflicts on Remembrance Sunday The day of remembrance is not just associated with the First and Second World Wars. Earthquake of 7.4 magnitude hits New Zealand near Christchurch The quake struck 57 miles northeast of the city. Jeremy Corbyn says Trump 'needs to grow up' about immigrants Labour's leader says President-elect Trump needs to realise the importance of Mexicans to the US economy. Obama administration will try to implement Paris climate deal before Trump assumes office President-elect Donald Trump has called climate change a 'hoax'. Russia arrests 10 people thought to be plotting Islamic State-linked terror attacks The terrorist suspects were arrested with the help of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. Eagles of Death Metal frontman Jesse Hughes denied entry to Bataclan reopening The scene of one of last year's terror attacks in Paris was hosting a concert by Sting to mark its reopening. Russian warship flotilla docks off Syrian coast and is now 'determining combat missions' Russia's only aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, headed for Mediterranean in October. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
                                  Monday, Nov 14, 2016   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 42 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, October 14, 2016 - Volume 44 Issue 42 Kids far from all right in Arnold's American Honey Arts & Entertainment ALL STORIES   next story Kids far from all right in Arnold's American Honey by Sara Michelle Fetters - SGN A&E Writer AMERICAN HONEY Now playing Andrea Arnold does not make light and fluffy pictures. The Oscar-winner (Wasp (2005)) anticipates audiences are smart, that they are intelligent enough to sift through a number of tough, esoteric cultural issues in order to find the truth lurking at the center of whatever tale it is she's telling. Her first two narrative features, the impressively prescient Red Road and the mesmerizingly essential Fish Tank, don't pull any punches and refuse to take the easy way out. Her last film, an adaptation of Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights, is an emotional stunner the filmmaker managed to make feel bracingly current, utilizing the author's themes in a way that allowed them to take root in ways that were primal, heartfelt and pure. For her U.S. debut, American Honey, Arnold hits the road Jack Kerouac style, taking her cast and crew through the American heartland while telling a story about a teen girl, Star (Sasha Lane), who joins up with a group of magazine salespeople, dubbed a 'Mag Crew,' as a way to potentially get out of poverty and make new friends. She is smitten with the happy-go-lucky charmer Jake (Shia LaBeouf) who recruited her out of a Wal-Mart parking lot. She is wary of the manipulative, seductively feral Krystal (Riley Keough), the tough-as-nails woman who controls the purse strings and sets all the rules. Most of all, Star is taken with the collection of fellow outsiders who make up the core of the Mag Crew, coming to look at them as the close-knit family she's heretofore never really known until now. At an epic 163 minutes, Arnold's movie has the guts to take its time even if the story itself isn't complicated. Instead, this is an observational romp through image, expectation and perception, the filmmaker dwelling both on how Star begins to see the world she's suddenly been unleashed upon as well as how society itself makes assumptions about her and the rest of the ragtag Mag Crew. What can sometimes feel like nothing more than a supercilious descent into poverty in all actuality ends up being anything but, Arnold's sights set a heck of a lot higher, and as such her film ends up being all the more essential because of this. The grungy, haphazard quality of the narrative, reminiscent in many ways of Larry Clark's 1995 drama Kids, is juxtaposed with the pure, simplistic beauty of the filmmaking itself. Robbie Ryan's (Slow West) handheld, free-flowing cinematography manufactures a sense of individualistic grace that allows American Honey to achieve an internal elegance that's touching. At the same time, Joe Bini's (We Need to Talk About Kevin) lyrically dynamic editing allows for changes in tone and perception that are instantaneous and natural, and as such Star's journey has a kinetically mesmeric quality that's haunting. Then there is Lane. Literally discovered by Arnold on a Florida beach while the young woman was enjoying her Spring Break collegiate holiday, the newcomer proves to be a fiery talent who is difficult to resist. In practically every scene of the film, everything seen through her eyes, Star's awakening to the world around her is breathlessly realized. Even with minimal dialogue, Lane manages these emotional transitions with stupendous intimacy, allowing her climactic interior transformation to ring with the kind of optimistic ebullience that brought tears to my eyes. With LaBeouf and Keough, the latter of whom is marvelously terrifying, as the only real name actors making major appearances (Will Patton pops up for an important vignette, but his role is more of an endearingly grizzled cameo than it is anything substantive), the majority of the heavy lifting is left to the core group of youngsters making up the Mag Crew. They're an intriguingly irresistible cross-section of America's youth, each finding a way to make their mark utilizing the most minimal of screen time. Star's interactions with them have genuine warmth, and I loved the way they could so often come together as one, usually doing so in complete silence. American Honey, for all the heart it proudly wears on its sleeve (especially near the end), isn't exactly the most uplifting story a person is ever likely to see, and dealing with all the Sturm und Drang for almost three full hours is admittedly grueling. But Arnold remains a craftily intelligent filmmaker, and there's a lot more going on here than just a documentary-like overview of youth culture in the face of extreme poverty. The themes keep evolving long after Star's story has come to summation, and while the kids are far from all right the sense of hopeful possibility that some of them might be makes enduring this tale's harsher realities markedly worthwhile. Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! Seattle Opera presents a Transgender story at Washington Hall ------------------------------ Seattle Rep's A Raisin in the Sun shines brightly ------------------------------ Mark Morris Dance Group with the Silk Road Ensemble a feast for the senses and intellect ------------------------------ Kanye West and Norah Jones will entertain different crowds on same night in Seattle ------------------------------ OUTBOUND: HONOLULU Fashion Week grows into a standout event in its third year ------------------------------ Who you gonna call? New web series 'Queer Ghost Hunters' blends thrill with LGBT history ------------------------------ Snarky Masterminds an absurdist satire ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Sharon Cumberland's delightful review/ University Lutheran Church's new pipe organ ------------------------------ Bernadette Peters to appear at Benaroya Hall next month ------------------------------ Kids far from all right in Arnold's American Honey ------------------------------ Art imitating life: Newcomer Sasha Lane on bringing truth to American Honey ------------------------------ Powerful Birth of a Nation an uncomforting history lesson ------------------------------ Thrilling Accountant an entertainment windfall ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ See who links to the SGN links to the SGN You might find them interesting too!       gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2016 - DigitalTeamWorks 2016 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Shopping Asda What's On Asda launches flash sale - but you'll need to be quick The sale sees everything from technology and electrical items to homeware reduced - but there's one caveat  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 15:48, 14 OCT 2016 Updated16:06, 14 OCT 2016 What's On ASDA  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda has launched a massive flash sale ahead of the weekend. The Walmart-owned US retail giant, which operates numerous stores across Coventry and throughout the Warwickshire region, will cut the price of an array of items. The sale sees everything from technology and electrical items to homeware reduced - but there's one caveat. You'll only be able to pick up savings in-store, retailer bosses say, but Asda also confirmed here are still plenty of promotions to be found online at Asda.com. But parents hoping to make their pennies stretch further will be delighted to know that the price of toys has been slashed ahead of Christmas. Indeed, some toys are going for as little as £6 - with deals stretching to popular Lego and Paw Patrol products, as well as board games and craft sets. Watch below: Asda Black Friday frenzy in Coventry Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Black Friday frenzy at Ricoh Park Asda Share this video Watch Next Read More FREE food, drink, bus travel and amazing discounts at student event in Leamington There are also online savings for the home over on the George at Asda website, with furniture sale discounts of up to 45 per cent. Top deals include this woollen blend two-seater sofa in pewter, silver or taupe for £300 - saving you £70. Elsewhere, you can get 20 per cent off this Silentnight memory foam mattress for a single bed, now £119. Read More Asda sells cheapest Coventry fuel as prices rise Earlier this week, it was revealed Asda is offering the cheapest fuel across Coventry. Average UK price for a litre of petrol is 112.35 pence while the average for a litre of diesel is now 114.40, the supermarket giant is giving you the chance to fill up at the pump for 108.7 pence at some garages.  Share  Comments Comments Show more comments More On Asda Coventry Warwickshire Coventry Shopping whats-on all Most Read Most Recent CoventryCoventry's medieval history brought to life in new colouring-in book Combine your love of colouring and history in this fascinating new book ChristmasHatchimals are selling out fast - but here is where you can get one Mums and dads have been scouring stores and online retailers for the collectible toy which retails at £59.99 ChristmasWatch Marks and Spencer's Christmas advert starring Mrs Claus The advertisement features Janet McTeer as Mrs Claus coming to the rescue Game of ThronesEverything we know about Game of Thrones season seven so far The entire plot of the forthcoming series has leaked online - here's what we know Coventry ShoppingAmazon reveals Black Friday sales details ahead of shopping bonanza Deals will be available from day one of the sale with new discounts available as often as every five minutes CoventryCoventry's medieval history brought to life in new colouring-in book Combine your love of colouring and history in this fascinating new book ChristmasWatch Marks and Spencer's Christmas advert starring Mrs Claus The advertisement features Janet McTeer as Mrs Claus coming to the rescue CoventryNando's unveils first-ever Christmas menu - and here's what you can get The restaurant chain is introducing two new tasty flame-grilled menu items, bosses have confirmed Kasbah nightclubKasbah nightclub offering chance to win FREE drinks - if you do this one thing Coventry revellers have the chance to win big tonight Robbie WilliamsTickets for Robbie Williams show at Ricoh Arena go on sale The Angels singer will be performing songs from his new album The Heavy Entertainment Show Most Read Most Recent KeresleyKeresley crash: Driver of stolen Mercedes ran off leaving female passenger seriously hurt Police have confirmed officers were chasing the car when it crashed at a roundabout CoventryWatch: Jaw-dropping drone footage of Coventry city centre Self-employed Coventry film-maker Alex Taylor took his flying camera over the streets of Coventry CoventryCoventry's medieval history brought to life in new colouring-in book Combine your love of colouring and history in this fascinating new book Hospital of St CrossTrouble sleeping? Hospital to open clinic to help people get a good night's rest The unit at the Hospital of St Cross in Rugby will be the first in Coventry and Warwickshire to offer in-patient services KeresleySerious crash during "police chase" closes several roads in Coventry Reports of someone being stretchered away after collision on roundabout in Keresley League OneTen League One talking points from the weekend's action as Tim Sherwood oversees Swindon Town's win over Charlton Athletic Scunthorpe United are inspired by Josh Morris once again as they overcome Coventry City Hospital of St CrossTrouble sleeping? Hospital to open clinic to help people get a good night's rest The unit at the Hospital of St Cross in Rugby will be the first in Coventry and Warwickshire to offer in-patient services Wasps RFCWatch Lee Blackett review Wasps' Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Worcester Worcester defence coach Simon Cross describes himself as 'angry' with the Warriors' performance Wasps RFCWatch Thomas Young review Wasps' Anglo-Welsh Cup win over Worcester Wasps openside flanker scored his first try of the season in an all-action display Wasps RFCDan Robson-inspired Wasps cut loose in second half to demolish Worcester Wasps racked up a 62-10 Anglo-Welsh Cup pool three win over Worcester Warriors at the Ricoh Top Stories Ricoh ArenaPop-tastic! Ricoh Arena welcomes Tony Hadley, Bananarama and other 80s pop stars for revival gig Around 1,000 tickets have gone on sale for the revival show Hospital of St CrossTrouble sleeping? Hospital to open clinic to help people get a good night's rest The unit at the Hospital of St Cross in Rugby will be the first in Coventry and Warwickshire to offer inpatient services KeresleyKeresley crash: Driver of stolen Mercedes ran off leaving female passenger seriously hurt Police have confirmed officers were chasing the car when it crashed at a roundabout Armed ForcesRemembrance Day: Thousands fall silent in Coventry to honour the dead It was a glorious autumn morning at the War Memorial Park for the annual ceremony CoventryCoventry's medieval history brought to life in new colouring-in book Combine your love of colouring and history in this fascinating new book CourtsCourts: Unpaid work for Coventry thief who stole copper piping A round-up of cases heard at Coventry Magistrates Court on September 17 and 19 Coventry'A lovely man, a true gentleman' - Retired Coventry builder Eddie Wilson dies at 86 Freeman of the City employed more than 100 at his company Marvic Veneers in Bodmin Road, Walsgrave Coventry City FCPetition urging Sisu to sell Sky Blues will carry on Coventry Telegraph editor speaks out to Adrian Goldberg StokeCoventry conman who defrauded Wonga sees jail term cut Kelvin Olatunde Okusaanya saw a year taken off his sentence at the Court of Appeal Coventry City CouncilMaking the most of a historic Coventry cemetery Survey on London Road Cemeterery's restoration will feed into City of Culture bid CoventryDebenhams in Coventry looking to recruit 34 seasonal staff Debenhams in Coventry is looking to recruit 34 staff to help cope with the Christmas rush CoventryLoos at the Spon Gate among the best in the country The Spon Gate in The Skydome has been awarded a platinum star in the Loo of the Year Awards News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 26° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen Updated: 17 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly lower Monday but Japan’s benchmark got a boost from a weaker yen. Other regional bourses have graduall… Is Trump’s tough plan on immigration cracking? Updated: 17 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump’s tough-talking plan to rein in illegal immigration showed signs of cracking on Sunday, with … China’s Xi reaffirms US relations in talk with Trump Updated: 26 mins ago Naver unveils $43 million fund to seek content for Snow Updated: 26 mins ago Malaysian opposition lawmaker jailed for exposing 1MDB audit Updated: 26 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 88% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 6:38 AM Sunset: 4:30 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Singer Jenny Tolman rocks Studio 1A November 11, 2016 She’s making waves in Country music and she’s only 20! West Springfield’s flags fly at the town common November 11, 2016 West Springfield is commemorating Veterans Day with hundreds of 3 by 5 foot flags that made their appearance thanks to the West Springfield … The Wall That Heals makes its way to West Springfield to honor our Veterans November 11, 2016 Tighten and tone your neck and jawline with Thermi Tight! November 11, 2016 The American Red Cross “Hero Care App” November 11, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Westfield Police identify woman found dead in Walmart parking lot "There was no suspicious cause, and this was not an opiate death." -Capt Michael McCabe By Barry Kriger Published: October 15, 2016, 12:21 am Updated: October 15, 2016, 7:35 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WESTFIELD, Mass. (WWLP) – Westfield Police Captain Michael McCabe re-confirmed Friday that there was no criminal investigation into Thursday’s discovery of a woman’s body in a car, in the Westfield Walmart parking lot. “There was no suspicious cause, and this was not an opiate death,” Capt. McCabe told 22News. He identified the deceased woman as 39-year-old Jill Wetherell of Agawam. Capt. McCabe said he was making Wetherell’s identity public, in part, because he had received a call from a worried relative from out of state. He said there was no investigation under way. Woman’s body found in Westfield Wal-Mart parking lot Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Woman’s body found in Westfield Wal-Mart parking lot Deadly car crash in Westfield Westfield man killed in 2-car crash on Route 20; driver arrested Elderly woman hit in Walmart parking lot Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 25° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 100% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Northampton 37° F 0 SSW Wind 27° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 30.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 30° F 0 N Wind 21° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 29.99" Barometer 6:44 am Sunrise 4:31 pm Sunset change location Springfield 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Westfield 25° F 0 N Wind 24° Dewpoint 96% Humidity 29.99" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 25° Holyoke 27° MGM Springfield Casino 27° Northampton 37° Pittsfield 30° Springfield 27° Westfield 25° Westover AFB 27° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Local Red Cross volunteer heads to North Carolina - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure Roadside Attractions National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Sports Galleries Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Holiday Helper Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2015-2016 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Local Red Cross volunteer heads to North Carolina 2016-10-15T01:32:56Z2016-10-15T01:32:56Z By Angelica Brown, Weekend Anchor/Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography AngelicaBrown@newschannel10.com Follow @AngelicaB2290 Nick Rocha speaks about his dedication to volunteering with the American Red Cross Kiley Murray, Executive Director for the American Red Cross of the Texas Panhandle American Red Cross Emergency Truck Dozens of people in North Carolina are still feeling the affects of Hurricane Matthew. There have been 22 storm related deaths in that state alone, and flood waters continue to rise.  Amarillo resident, Nick Rocha, is putting his life on hold, once again, to offer a helping hand.  "Any time there's a distress call for helping people, or helping people get out of the danger zone, you can guarantee my bags are packed up and ready to go," said Rocha.   Nick Rocha is no stranger to seeing devastation. In fact, he hadn't even unpacked his bag from his last volunteer work with another deadly flood situation in Louisiana this summer.  He's using his vacation time through is daytime job at Wal-Mart to head to North Carolina. He leaves on Monday -- driving over 14,000 miles to Fayetteville.  "I'll be feeding people street by street and delivering food to the shelters," said Rocha.  Rocha plans on staying for 20 days, with some days lasting well over 12 hours While he might be putting his life in danger -- heading out to some of the worst flood areas in the southeast -- he says it's all worth it.  "He's a great example of that volunteer spirit is," said Executive Director for the American Red Cross of the Texas Panhandle, Kiley Murray. "That's what the Red Cross and a lot of non-profits are based one, that volunteer spirit."  And it's that need that keeps Rocha volunteering with the Red Cross year after year. No matter how emotional a scene may be -- Rocha never hesitates.  Rocha will actually have some company this time around, another volunteer from Fritch will drive with him.  Copyright 2016 KFDA. All rights reserved. HeadlinesMore>> Home Home Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> BSA employees honored BSA employees honored Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 7:54 PM EST2016-11-14 00:54:21 GMT Shelly Back, 20-year BSA employee and winner of the Amarillo Chamber of Commerce Prime Service Award Two BSA Health System employees have been honored with the Prime Service Award from the Amarillo Chamber of Commerce. The coveted award was presented to Shelly Black and Kristi Kelley for their willingness to go above and beyond.  Two BSA Health System employees have been honored with the Prime Service Award from the Amarillo Chamber of Commerce. The coveted award was presented to Shelly Black and Kristi Kelley for their willingness to go above and beyond.  Pantex to announce charity grant Pantex to announce charity grant Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 7:45 PM EST2016-11-14 00:45:11 GMT (Source: KFDA) Pantex will soon announce $125,000 in grants to local charities.  Pantex will soon announce $125,000 in grants to local charities.  Area lane closures Area lane closures Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 7:38 PM EST2016-11-14 00:38:34 GMT Texas Department of Transportation As we get ready to start a new work week, here's a look at some area lane closures that could cause you some delays. As we get ready to start a new work week, here's a look at some area lane closures that could cause you some delays. COMMUNITY EVENTS This Weekend in the Panhandle This Weekend in the Panhandle Updated: Friday, November 11 2016 9:44 AM EST2016-11-11 14:44:19 GMT Check out some area events going on around the Texas Panhandle for you and your family to enjoy. Check out some area events going on around the Texas Panhandle for you and your family to enjoy. Potter County fire crews were on the scene of a possible cotton mill fire Potter County fire crews were on the scene of a possible cotton mill fire Updated: Friday, November 11 2016 10:30 AM EST2016-11-11 15:30:39 GMT Source: KFDA Potter County fire crews were on the scene of a possible fire on FM 1912 that began around 3:30 a.m. Potter County fire crews were on the scene of a possible fire on FM 1912 that began around 3:30 a.m.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
SB Nation Login Sign Up Battle Red Blog, a Houston Texans community Home Fanposts Fanshots Texans Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Texans News Yahoo Texans Team Page Yahoo Texans Report Yahoo Texans Depth Chart Yahoo Texans Transactions Yahoo Texans Photos StubHub Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines More NFL NBA MLB NHL CFB Recruiting CBB UFC Soccer NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop StubHub Radio Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Local Running Wrestling Outsports Video Odds More SB Nation All 317 blogs   🔎Search Search  Fanshots Fanposts FanPost What's Cookin' BRB, The Colts Game #1 Edition. By trutxfan on Oct 14, 2016, 8:09pm CDT 15 Tweet Share  Tweet Share on Twitter Share Share on Facebook Pin Pinterest 15 Comments ⋆ Rec Recommend this Post 3 Hi there BRB. What's happening? Everyone in good spirits after the great game against the mighty Vikings? No? Well, buck up boys and girls. It's just football. I've been taking a sabbatical from the threads lately due to life being too short to listen, or read, about how bad our team is. We still love our guys. We still look forward to each and every game as the most important part of our week. This week is our first meeting with our friends from Indiana. In keeping with my theme of food from our opponents area, I started researching food that Indiana is famous for. What I found was bleak. I'm sure they have some good restaurants serving great food, but food from Indiana turned up fried pork tenderloin sandwiches, corn, and believe it or not, oysters. It seems that from the web sites that I looked at, oysters used to be packed in barrels and shipped to Indiana a long time ago and that was really the only "fresh" seafood they could get. I actually found that interesting. One guy said his grandmother would order hers in October, then they would arrive in November. They would be placed in the coolest part of the cellar, and grandma would make dishes from them through December, culminating in scalloped oysters for Christmas dinner. I want to meet grandma, she sounds like a great gal. Now, what to cook? This needs to be a theme thing. I could go all horse meat, but my wife would probably kill me. I could just make a pork tenderloin sandwich. Boring. I could BBQ some oysters. Intreaguing. I really like bbq'd oysters. And just for kicks, I'll throw in a super easy version as an appetizer. But, I think I'll go with one of my favorites for this edition. Pork tenderloin a'la Trutxfan. It's not a greasy fried sandwich. It's a smokey spicy BBQ'd pork tenderloin. Here we go, first go buy some pork tenderloins. I'm not going out of my way this week. I'm going with Smithville pork tenderloins at HEB. Let me just digress for a second. This is my post, so I can rant a little if I want to. I'm super pissed at HEB right now. I live in Kerrville. This is the home of HEB. This is where it started. Over the last few years, HEB has run all the other grocery stores out of town, with the exception of the satan that is WalMart. They did this by undercutting prices to the point that other stores couldn't compete. Now that it's just them and WalMart, they have continually jacked up the prices. I started doing price comparisons with friends who live in San Antonio and Houston and have found that we here in Kerrville are paying on average 30% more for our food than those in the big cities with competition. This, in my opinion, is unconscionable. They have consistently raised their prices since all the competition folded. Baisicly giving a kittening you to the town that started them off. Ok, rant over. Take your pork tenderloins out of the package and dry them off. You now want to get some seasoning on them. This is Texas, not the bland north where they put toilet seats on football helmets, so we are going with some kick. Salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, siracha powder, ancho chili powder, and smoked paprika. I just cover them with a light layer of each. Now take some nice thick bacon and wrap these rascals up. Cover them with the wrap of your choice and let them sit in the fridge over night. It's now game day (in my mind). Time to start cooking. We are going to grill these babies. Tenderloins have almost no fat, so low and slow is a waste of resources and very difficult to achieve a moist product with. Heat your grill up with what ever you want. I go wood. I'm like that. Use charcoal, gas, dead BESF fans, whatever gets your grill nice and hot. Put the fire on one side, and leave the other side cool. This is the heralded two zone method that I invented (no, I really didn't invent this). With the fire screaming on one side, put the pork on the cool side, closer to the fire than the opposit side of the grill. What you are looking for is enough heat to crisp your bacon, while cooking your pork through. Rare pork is not what you want to serve to you friends and family. The bacon grease will help your pork stay juicy and adds much flavor. I'll temp mine when everything starts get a little brown. 165 in the center of the pork is good. If my bacon starts to get too crispy before my pork temps out, I'll move it farther from the fire. An average pork tenderloin takes about an hour. Now, while your pork is cooking, you can make those oysters. Shuck your fresh oysters. Save some of the oyster liquor. I do mine over a plastic container for this purpose. Mix in a bowl, lemon juice, diced tomatoes, diced onion, and diced garlic. Dice it up real small. You won't need much for each oyster. Now put your oysters on a half shell on a platter. Pour in a little oyster liquor, put a dollop of the veg on top. Throw on some Parmesan cheese. Now put them over the hottest part of the fire on your grill. Heat them until the cheese bubbles. Super easy. Super tasty. As for what to serve with your pork, let's spice up some corn. I put some smoked paprika and salt on mine. If you want a really interesting and spicy alternative, pour some juice from a jar of jalepenos on them after you wrap them in foil. I start grilling my corn unwrapped to get a good char on them, then I wrap them in foil with some butter to finish. This corn is on the cob, by the way. I'll also make a pot of BBQ beans to go with it. Lets all eat well while we enjoy our first victory against the Colts this year. Have a few beers. Relax. Enjoy your Sunday evening. Remember, it's just a game and supposed to be entertainment, no matter how bad they kitten it up sometimes. your friend, Trutxfan. Go Texans!!! More from Battle Red Blog Fantasy Flex: Week Ten Booms, Busts Texans-Jaguars Preview: Five Matchups To Watch Houston Texans News: November 10, 2016 BRB Ministry of Information’s Week Ten Preview: Jacksonville Jaguars Thursday Night Football Live: Cleveland Browns vs. Baltimore Ravens To All Those Who Have Served Or Are Serving, Thank You From Battle Red Blog Houston Texans Roster Moves: One To Active Roster, One To Practice Squad  Tweet Share on Twitter Share Share on Facebook Pin Pinterest 15 Comments ⋆ Rec Recommend this Post 3 Recent FanPosts The Mendacity of the NFL Week 8 & 9 Thingy: Bye and Bye Texans Tuesday (Without Morrie or JJ) - The Second Half as the Real Season Begins Bye-Bye, Bye Week; Divisional Updates & Predictions Bye Week Mock Draft Thread Texan Tuesday (Without Morrie and JJ) - A "Good Enough" Win Texans D Still Solid Without Watt BRB Chat Group Season Mid-Point Comes as Texans Make Lions Uneasy to Sleep Tonight Week 7 Thingy - The Offense is Brocken Team Shop JJ Watt Houston Texans Nike Game Jersey - Navy Blue $99.99 Buy Now navigateright Houston Texans Nike Salute to Service Player Performance Hoodie - Anthracite $84.99 Buy Now navigateright J.J. Watt Houston Texans Nike 2016 Salute to Service Jersey - Anthracite $159.99 Buy Now navigateright Trending Discussions Post-Game Recap: Texans 24, Jaguars 21 Texans-Jaguars Live: Fourth Quarter Texans 14, Jaguars 7: Second Quarter Live Thread Texans-Jaguars Live: First Quarter Texans-Jaguars Live: Third Quarter Battle Red Newswire: November 7, 2016 Battle Red Newswire: November 10, 2016 Sunday Night Football Live: Broncos v. Raiders Battle Red Newswire: November 8, 2016 Countdown To Kickoff: Texans at Jaguars Battle Red Blog FanPosts FanShots Masthead Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Subscribe Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Have a News Tip? Contact Us Blog Openings Guiding Principles Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © 2016 All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Advertise With Us Jobs @ Vox Media Back to Top ↑ battle red blog
Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule 26° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Today’s Forecast Radar/Satellite 22News Apps Menu Skip to content   Home Watch Live Video Headlines What’s on NBC Hollywood Today Live News News Western Mass. I-Team Crime Massachusetts Boston Statehouse Decision 2016 I-91 Reconstruction inFocus Sex Offenders World News Entertainment Hollywood Today Sports News Health News Featured: Casino News Marijuana News Mass Pike Tolls Springfield off-duty police beating Syrian Refugees Toys for Tots at 22News Latest Headlines Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen Updated: 17 mins ago TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly lower Monday but Japan’s benchmark got a boost from a weaker yen. Other regional bourses have graduall… Is Trump’s tough plan on immigration cracking? Updated: 17 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump’s tough-talking plan to rein in illegal immigration showed signs of cracking on Sunday, with … China’s Xi reaffirms US relations in talk with Trump Updated: 26 mins ago Naver unveils $43 million fund to seek content for Snow Updated: 26 mins ago Malaysian opposition lawmaker jailed for exposing 1MDB audit Updated: 26 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7 Day Forecast Closings & Delays Flight Tracker Interactive Radar Jr Weather Academy Satellite Sat Rad Severe Weather Snowfall Forecast Temperatures Weather Alerts Weather App Weather News Weather Photos Webcams Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 88% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 6:38 AM Sunset: 4:30 PM 7 Day Forecast Live Radar     Video Webcast Almanac Sponsored by: The CW The CW Shows Videos Text Alerts CW Photo Galleries Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Shows on Social Media Featured: Season Finale Season Premiere Series Premiere Latest Headlines MassDOT discusses plans to expand rail service in the Pioneer Valley November 10, 2016 The state will spend a quarter million dollars just to gather the data, but the entire project will cost millions. Behind The Seams of The Flash November 8, 2016 Go behind the scenes with costume designer Maya Mani! The Flash is new Tuesdays at 8/7c on The CW Springfield. Supergirl – Changing Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Nine Trailer November 8, 2016 Jane The Virgin – Chapter Forty-Eight Scene November 7, 2016 Report It Photo Galleries Report It! Community Stop the Swerve Working for a Better Tomorrow A Look at the Movies Live Traffic Map Pump Prices Lottery Obituaries Mass Appeal Mass Appeal Watch Live Contact Us Taste Appeal Family Appeal Relationship Appeal Community Appeal Gardening Appeal Leisure Appeal Personal Appeal Parent Appeal DIY Appeal Home Appeal Pet Appeal Fashion Appeal Fitness Appeal Health Appeal Featured: Caregiver Series Herbs A-Z NBC Shows Pet of the Week Latest Headlines Singer Jenny Tolman rocks Studio 1A November 11, 2016 She’s making waves in Country music and she’s only 20! West Springfield’s flags fly at the town common November 11, 2016 West Springfield is commemorating Veterans Day with hundreds of 3 by 5 foot flags that made their appearance thanks to the West Springfield … The Wall That Heals makes its way to West Springfield to honor our Veterans November 11, 2016 Tighten and tone your neck and jawline with Thermi Tight! November 11, 2016 The American Red Cross “Hero Care App” November 11, 2016 More About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Jobs at WWLP Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Alerts WWLP-22News Team News in Review TV Schedule Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 26° F Protein bars recalled due to listeria risk If you have a Galaxy Note7, power it off and get it replaced Shaun Towne Published: October 14, 2016, 9:30 pm Updated: October 14, 2016, 9:30 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photos: Food and Drug Administration PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WPRI) — A popular type of protein bars are being recalled because they could be contaminated with a dangerous bacterium. According to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Nutrisystem bars were sold in several states, including Rhode Island and Massachusetts, as well as online on sites such as Amazon.com and Walmart.com. The chocolate chip cookie dough in the Nutricrush bars may be contaminated with listeria, which can cause serious, even fatal infections. The recalled products have an “enjoy by” date of Aug. 22, 2017 and a lot code of NF082216A. Photos: Food and Drug Administration The FDA advises consumers to not eat the bars and instead return them for a full refund. More Information: Protein bar recall » About 3,000 Mamas and Papas Armadillo Flip Strollers are being recalled due to a fall hazard. The CPSC says a loose latch on the stroller can cause the seat to tip back unexpectedly. The manufacturer has received 10 reports of this happening, but no injuries have been reported. The Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) urges consumers to stop using the strollers and contact Mamas and Papas for a free repair. More Information: Flip stroller recall » Lastly, we now know the Galaxy Note7 recall is going to cost Samsung more than $5 billion. As we’ve reported, Samsung expanded the recall after reports of fires in its replacement phones. If you have a Galaxy Note7, power it off and get it replaced. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Kellogg recalls some Eggo waffles over listeria fear Nestle Drumsticks recalled over Listeria concerns Meal replacement diets are on the rise The families that fought for controversial new drug Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WWLP.com Current Conditions change location Chicopee n/a F n/a Wind n/a Dewpoint n/a Humidity 0.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Greenfield 25° F 0 N Wind 25° Dewpoint 100% Humidity 29.97" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:26 pm Sunset change location Holyoke 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location MGM Springfield Casino 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Northampton 37° F 0 SSW Wind 27° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 30.00" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Pittsfield 30° F 0 N Wind 21° Dewpoint 69% Humidity 29.99" Barometer 6:44 am Sunrise 4:31 pm Sunset change location Springfield 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset change location Westfield 25° F 0 N Wind 24° Dewpoint 96% Humidity 29.99" Barometer 6:41 am Sunrise 4:29 pm Sunset change location Westover AFB 27° F 0 N Wind 23° Dewpoint 88% Humidity 29.98" Barometer 6:40 am Sunrise 4:28 pm Sunset Chicopee n/a Greenfield 25° Holyoke 27° MGM Springfield Casino 27° Northampton 37° Pittsfield 30° Springfield 27° Westfield 25° Westover AFB 27° Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WWLP-22News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather I-Team Crime inFocus Mass Appeal Watch 22News Station About Us Contact Us News Team Job at WWLP Advertise with us Regional News Hampden Hampshire Franklin Berkshire Boston Statehouse Massachusetts Connecticut Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report Platforms Text Alerts Email Alerts Report It Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Our Partners Media General NBC CNN The Westfield News Hampshire Gazette Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram NEWS ARCHIVE: View Stories by Date October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   News Archive: Select Month News Archive: Select Month Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 May 2013 May 2012 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SCOUT Parris Campbell Bank Bag: Ohio State vs Wisconsin Week PART-3 Bill Greene 10/14/2016 Ohio State heads to Wisconsin to play the Badgers this Saturday night in one of the top games in the country, so there is plenty of excitement in Buckeye Land. Bill Greene is back this week to answer questions from BSB subscribers. Here is Part-Three. KansasCityBuckeye: I am of the opinion that there needs to be a no-tampering rule for both assistants and head coaches until their season is over. I don't think it's right when coaches are offered, interviewed, or accept new positions during the season. Do you agree? Why or why not? Why would or wouldn't it happen? BG: I don't think there is a lot of that going on during the season, to be honest. Most of what goes on during the season happens between agents and university representatives anyway. There's no way to stop that, especially given the nature of these jobs where coaches are fired often so they are always on the lookout for the next landing spot. These guys know the best way to get that new job is to do your current job really well. I don't see it as a big problem in college sports at all.  USFbuckeyeBG: Shaun Wade... I know the hurricane is what drove them to Bama, but thats just another visit to Bama... Heard anything new? BG: There won't be much coming out until he finally decides where he's going. Welcome to recruiting the Florida kids, and this is normal with this state. Torrance Gibson did this and it worked out for Ohio State. Carlton Davis did this, and the Buckeyes got burned at the last minute. I wish I had something to add one way or the other, but nobody knows how this one is going to end right now. I would imagine he's telling Nick Saban he's coming, while telling Urban Meyer there's nothing to worry about.  dfaulkne: Can you talk more about how OSU gets insight on whether a guy is likely to go pro or not. Are there open conversations during the year between the player and the coaching staff? Or do they rely more on "secondhand" information and chatter from family/etc. Obviously they have to plan their recruiting strategy on this, but it just seems difficult to pin things down unless you're dealing with a true superstar like Bosa or Elliott. BG: It's different with every kid, but often times the team finds out when we find out. They had a clue, but they did not know for sure what either Tyvis Powell or Jalin Marshall were doing right up to their announcements. They found out what Zeke was doing when he met the media after Michigan State. The team definitely wants to know, but sometimes these decisions aren't finalized until very late as the kids try to get as much info as they can about where they might be drafted. I think they knew what Mike Thomas was doing pretty early, as well as Bosa. Not sure when they found out about Darron Lee. When Ryan Shazier decided to go, that decision was made a few days before the bowl game, and I was consulted for my opinion on the matter. They had not spoken with the coaches prior to that decision and never did talk to them until he announced it.  buckeyebones: If your son was a big time recruit what would be your concerns as a parent and what advice would you give him? BG: We would be totally forgetting whatever jersey we bought at WalMart, and who we've rooted for all our lives. That would mean nothing to me, because that is fantasy anyway. A hobby. Choosing your school is strictly business, and this becomes clear once folks go through it. If the kid is not at all interested in education, that should factor in it. If this is a decision made to play in the NFL, the school should be picked based on that factor. If you are looking to truly use your education after football in a certain field, you need to pick a school based on educational opportunities offered. Which school recruiting you can truly help you with life after football? If this is a football decision primarily, then style of play should be looked at. For certain positions, the depth chart needs to be studied, especially quarterback. Without knowing specifically the type of player and person we are talking about, it's pretty hard to answer. You need to identify the ultimate goal the player is shooting for, and if it's the NFL, or a degree, or winning a title, or getting on the field early, etc. etc. choose the school that fits what you're looking for.  buckeyebones: How is the fit for Danny at UK? Do you think he ends up there? BG: I do think it's a good fit for him in a lot of ways and I do think that's where he will go. I hope everything works out well for him because I like him and his family a lot. He's been through a lot at an early age, and he's been forced to grow up fast through his experiences at Massillon as a 14-year old kid and committing to Ohio State as a freshman. He's going to be tough enough to face life going forward because of what he's been through already at an early age.  raider2426: What direction do you see the Oregon going after this year? If they make a move what kind of names do you see popping up for that job? BG: That needle has been pointing down for a while now and that can't bode well for Mark Helfrich at all. This is a program that spends a lot of money on building a winner, and they expect to win. I don't think they are going to be all that patient going forward. I think Oklahoma offensive coordinator Lincoln Riley is young and dynamic, and an offensive guru. He could energize recruiting and keep up the tradition of wide open offence.  BuckeyeNatural: Ok Bill, you get to build an OSU dream team with Urban Meyer as the head coach, selecting a full starting lineup from the best OSU players of all time. Go... BG: It all starts at QB and I would love to see Urban paired with Terrelle Pryor, who was really good in Tressel's Covered Wagon, but what about in this offense? Wow. Runningback would be Zeke. Receivers would be Ginn, Warfield and Cris Carter. O-line would be Pace, Parker, Lachey, Hicks and Stringer. Tight end would be Jan White. On defense, the D-line would be Bosa, Vrabel, Willis and Big Daddy. Linebackers would be Gradishar, Spielman and Jack Tatum. Corners would be Winfield and Springs. Safety would be Tim Fox and Neal Colzie.  buckeyebones: Could we have another JT QB in our future? Just read an article on JT Daniels, soph at Mater Dei. 2,234 yards, 35 TDs, 2 INTs in six games. Calls all of his own plays. BG: They will take a QB in the 2019 class, so maybe it's this guy? I don't know much about him, but I went and watched his film and he looks awesome. Don't see this kid wanting to run the zone read though, LOL. Looks like an Alabama or USC type of QB.  buckeyebones: Our 2017 class now has a 4.24 average star rating. On signing day will it be higher or lower? BG: Hard to see it rising because every four-star kid they take makes the average go down. This is going to be an amazing class when all is said and done. Maybe they take all five-stars going forward and it goes up?  JohnCarrollBuckeye: Bill will Okudah be a safety or corner for Ohio State? BG: I think he starts at safety when Malik Hooker goes to the NFL.  WraithBuck: Bill, can you and are you willing to share the best advice you have been given in the sports writing business and in life? BG: The people that know me could tell you I'm a pretty simple guy and not complicated at all. I've been blessed with a great family and great friends. My dad was like me in a lot of ways. His advice to all of us kids was "treat people like you want to be treated and work your tail off." And that's what I've tried to pass on to my kids. I've done well in this business because I've tried to always do those things. I know I'm not the smartest person around, not the best writer, not the best talent evaluator, not the best photographer, or the best interviewer. But I try to treat people well, and I work as hard as I can every day.  buckeyeinsc: Kind of like picking a person to make a putt with a championship or money on the line (Nicklaus, Tiger, etc.)...if you had to WIN one game in College Football be it massive rivalry game, Championship, etc...who would you chose? BG: I think Nick Saban is on his way to being the best college coach of all time. Four out of seven national titles is amazing, and that number might keep growing over the next few years. He has a chance to continue this run as long as he wants to keep grinding away. I'll take him.  bridgette: Living here in Los Angeles I have been able to see Wyatt Davis play a few times.  This guy seems REALLY good to me!  I don't see any way he's not one of our best five lineman next year.  Am I missing something? BG: I saw him in Cincinnati earlier this year and was sold on him after watching 3-4 plays. I think he just might battle for Elflein's spot next year as a true freshman.  BuckeyePavs: Bill, did you ever see Omar Provitt play? One of the best that never was....He was better than Mario Manningham and Lynn Bowden. BG: I saw him play more than once and agree with you that he was amazing. Great hoops player as well. Saw him last year at Warren Harding and told him how much I admired his play when he was in high school. He was a great receiver who would have killed it in the spread offenses of today. Just an amazing talent. Put out this tweet last year from the game I saw him.  Bill Greene?@BillBankGreene Warren Harding honoring the 1990 state champs. Omar Provitt might be the best I've ever seen in Ohio. #Dazzling   Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Game Review: Ohio State vs Maryland What We Learned In OSU Hoops Season Opener Buckeye Leaves: Buckeyes Shine On Both Sides Ohio State defeats Maryland 62-3 Army to Fly Future Helicopter for 2030s Buckeye Sports Top Stories What We Learned In OSU Thrashing Of TerpsThe BSB staff gives you their immediate thoughts from yet another dominating Ohio State victory. by James Grega Jr. Buckeye SportsYesterday at 5:06 PM Buckeye Leaves: Buckeyes Shine On Both SidesOhio State got big performances from a plethora of players on both offense and defense in a 62-3 win over Maryland. by Tim Moody Buckeye SportsYesterday at 4:51 PM What We Learned In OSU Hoops Season OpenerOhio State topped Navy 78-68 in the season opener Nov. 11 in Annapolis, Md. by James Grega Jr. Buckeye SportsFriday at 8:59 PM OSU Men's Hoops: Bucks Beat Navy, 78-68The Ohio State men's basketball opens the season with a 78-68 win over Navy in the third annual Veterans Classic. by Ryan McGlade Buckeye SportsFriday at 8:05 PM View From The Fan: OSU Rolling Into MarylandBuckeyeSports.com subscriber Ben van Ooyen's weekly column "View From The Fan" continues with a preview of the Buckeyes' road trip to Maryland. by Staff Buckeye SportsFriday at 4:35 PM Game Preview: Ohio State at Maryland Ohio State is coming off an ultra impressive win over Nebraska and now must travel to take on Maryland. What are the keys to an Ohio State victory? by Bill Greene Buckeye SportsFriday at 12:44 PM Staff Predictions: Ohio State at MarylandA week after a 62-3 win over Nebraska, Ohio State is set to take on Maryland for the first matchup in a two-game road swing before facing Michigan to cap the regular season. by Tim Moody Buckeye SportsFriday at 9:30 AM What To Watch For: OSU At MarylandOhio State is set to take on Maryland at 3:30 Saturday afternoon at College Park, Md. The BSB staff gives you five things to look for once the game is underway. by Ryan McGlade Buckeye SportsFriday at 6:53 AM Thad Matta 'Jacked Up' For Opener Vs. NavyOhio State men's basketball head coach Thad Matta and his team begin their season on the road against Navy Friday. by Ryan McGlade Buckeye SportsThursday at 10:11 AM Bank Bag: OSU vs Maryland Part-TwoOhio State is coming off a huge win over Nebraska and national championship hopes are still alive. Before the Buckeyes play Maryland, Bill Greene is here to answer questions from… by Bill Greene Buckeye SportsThursday at 6:02 AM Game Review: Ohio State vs Maryland Ohio State continued playing their best football of the year for a second consecutive week, and the Buckeyes hammered Maryland into submission Saturday. Where do the Buckeyes stand… by Bill Greene Buckeye Sports5:46 AM Ohio State defeats Maryland 62-3J.T. Barrett had four TDs and Curtis Samuel had another big game as Ohio State routed Maryland 62-3 by Craig Merz Buckeye SportsYesterday at 3:59 PMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2016 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Opinion Extra October 16, 2016 6:47 PM Three steps to a 21st century sales tax Stupid tax laws part 1: The SC sales tax on a Lamborghini LP50-2 is $300. Same as a clunker. Hector Gabino MCT i Holley Hewitt Ulbrich Guest Columnist LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Columbia, SC As the General Assembly looks for painless (or low-pain) ways to generate more revenue, it inevitably turns first to the sales tax. The League of Women Voters of South Carolina encourages finding new ways to generate revenue in order to address pressing state needs in education and infrastructure. But we urge that extra revenue be found by broadening the base, not raising the rate. Raising the rate makes us less competitive with other states for sales and encourages evasion. Broadening the base usually distributes the burden more fairly across income groups, because many of the exempt purchases are used more by middle and upper income households. Broadening the base will also provide those local governments with local sales taxes more revenue to make up some of what they have lost in cuts to state aid to subdivisions. And finally, the penny dedicated to Act 388 property tax relief will generate more revenue, reducing the drain on the state budget to pay for that tax relief. __________ Could tax reform finally be for real? Why we should celebrate the end of the Amazon tax exemption One change could make a smarter SC roads tax package __________ Broadening the base means taxing things that are now exempt from sales taxes. Yes, we keep looking at groceries and utilities, and there is some revenue to be gleaned there. But there are some other potential revenue sources that haven’t received the attention that they deserve. Raising the rate makes us less competitive with other states for sales and encourages evasion, but broadening the base usually distributes the burden more fairly. One important source is taxing more services. Our state taxes a few services — hotel accommodations, dry cleaning — but other states tax many more than we do. In Hawaii, New Mexico and South Dakota, all services are taxed unless specifically exempt. There are 168 different services that are subject to sales tax in at least one state. South Carolina taxes only 34. Among the more common services subject to retail sales taxes are transportation (including rental cars and airline departures), household services (such as landscaping and lawn care, cleaning, pest control), automotive services (such as repair and cleaning), printing and photography. After adjusting for the difference in the tax rate, New Mexico collects 73 percent more sales tax per capita than South Carolina. By far the largest place to look for uncollected taxes is the use tax, the companion to sales tax, which is owed on out-of-state purchases, some by catalog, more by internet. Internet sellers with a physical presence in our state are required to collect the tax — WalMart, Target, Sears, Barnes and Noble and now even amazon.com. But other internet companies are not required to collect taxes on internet purchases from S.C. residents. The obstacle is Congress, which does not allow states to require companies without a physical presence in the states to collect their use tax. No other state has such a bizarre and regressive provision in its sales tax, and it’s time for the General Assembly to stand up to special interests. The Multistate Tax Commission has been working with states for many years to try to get Congress to lift this restriction, so pressuring our nine members of Congress to address this issue should be a priority. Competition from internet vendors who don’t have to charge consumers the tax is unfair to our local retailers, who create jobs and pay property and income taxes as well as business license fees. So what’s at stake is not just the loss of an estimated $254 million a year in sales tax revenue. If internet competition drives local retailers out of business, it reduces other state and local revenue as well. Finally, while it may not raise a whole lot of revenue, a basic fairness issue is the $300 sales tax cap on cars, boats and airplanes. A yacht pays the same sales tax as a bass boat, a private plane the same as a $6,000 used car. No other state has such a bizarre and regressive provision in its sales tax, and it’s time for the General Assembly to stand up to special interests and put these purchases on the same footing as clothing, school supplies and other necessities. The General Assembly goes through this exercise about every five years, usually with at most a few tweaks to the system. Let’s hope this time will be different. Dr. Ulbrich is alumni distinguished professor emerita of economics at Clemson University and a member of the board of directors of the League of Women Voters of South Carolina. Her specialty is state and local public finance. Contact her at holleyulbrich@gmail.com. Holley Ulbrich i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Opinion Extra Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:33 The Pure Ultra Club night club shooting crime scene Pause 2:34 Foundation names aircraft after South Carolina pilot killed in Iraq 1:30 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 2:42 What was planned for the new Beaufort County Black Chamber of Commerce building? 0:55 3 things we learned from South Carolina vs. Florida 2:59 Chili Cook Off in Five Points 2:12 Kassy Alia draws strenght from support 2:22 Fatal shooting of Keith Scott in Charlotte 4:34 Dabo Swinney takes the blame for Clemson's loss to Pitt 3:06 Dawn Staley on what she learned in USC's exhibition win over Benedict Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 1:28 a day ago Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 4:34 20 hours ago Dabo Swinney takes the blame for Clemson's loss to Pitt 0:55 a day ago 3 things we learned from South Carolina vs. Florida View more video Opinion Extra How Boeing is helping fight SC obesity epidemic Election over: Can we get our friends back now? Krauthammer: How the new Republican majority can succeed We’re overwrought because our president has too much power Pitts: It’s mourning in America Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Business Directory Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 41° Munster, IN (46321) Today A few clouds. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 37F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 9:15 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP 6 people shot, 1 fatally, during party at Rockford hotel Oct 17, 2016 ROCKFORD, Ill. (AP) — A 23-year-old man died and five other people were injured in a shooting at a private party inside a Rockford hotel early Saturday. The shooting occurred after several people attending a large birthday party at the Clock Tower Resort and Conference Center got into a dispute, Rockford police Sgt. Rich Gambini told the Rockford Register Star (http://bit.ly/2dtaFBr ). Police were called to the scene at 12:50 a.m. after a report of shots fired. They found 23-year-old Marcello Brown, who was pronounced dead at the scene, on the hallway floor. "It was chaotic, and people were running from the scene," Gambini said. Gambini said all of the shooting victims were from Rockford. In addition to Brown, a 20-year-old man was taken to a hospital in critical condition. Four others — an 18-year-old woman and men ages 21, 19 and 18 — suffered injuries that authorities said weren't life threatening. Gambini said no one has been arrested, and police didn't have information Sunday morning about who was responsible. Chavez Dyse, who attended the party but was at a nearby Wal-Mart buying snacks when the shooting occurred, said the gathering was for her cousin and was held in two adjoining hotel rooms. The Rockford woman said her cousin was the woman who was shot, and that she was responsive and recovering on Sunday morning. Dyse said there were "well under 50" people at the party, and that the location wasn't widely shared. She said the shooter may have slipped in after someone let people in through a side door. "This is just sad," Dyse said. "You can't even chill at a hotel with people you know and have a good time without something bad happening." The killing is the 22nd homicide in Rockford this year. There were 19 homicides in Rockford in all of 2015. ___ An earlier version of this story incorrectly reported that the shooting happened on Sunday instead of Saturday. ___ Information from: Rockford Register Star, http://www.rrstar.com Tags Wire Illinois State News General News Birthdays Violent Crime Crime Occasions Lifestyle Arrests Law And Order Locations Rockford Illinois United States North America Latest in section Democratic leaders decline Rauner budget meeting Medical marijuana use grows slow, steady in Illinois Global protesters demand climate justice at UN talk The Latest: Immigrants demonstrate against Trump Chicago civil trial focused on wrongful conviction to start Most Popular on nwi.com FBI raids Lake County sheriff's offices; searches may have Porter ties Coroner IDs two people found dead in Lowell Truck driver dies after accident at ArcelorMittal-Burns Harbor Trucker killed at ArcelorMittal Burns Harbor steel mill identified Man punches out worker, robs Griffith store Currents National News By the numbers: Marijuana, gun control, minimum wage hikes win at the polls Digital Exclusives: Graphics Quiz: How well do you know your Star Plaza Theatre trivia? +3 National News Are 'ballot selfies' legal where you live? Today’s top pics: Veterans Day observances and more Hallelujah - RIP Leonard Cohen Your daily 6: A final 'Hallelujah;' Hillary takes a hike Today In History, Nov. 11: WWI Armistice Kane helps Blackhawks hand Canadiens 2nd regulation loss The Way We See It: After Week 10, which head coaches are safe and who may be on the hot seat? Elliott scores twice late, Cowboys top Steelers 35-30 Rask stops 21 shots, Bruins beat Avalanche 2-0 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Cover-Rite Carpet & Design Center Abbey's Carpet & floors 9400 Indianapolis Blvd Ste C, Highland, IN 46322 Ads House Of Bianco Beauty Concepts & Day Spa 1000 E 80th Pl, Merrillville, In 46410 Ads Lawn Doctor of West Lake County 1103 E Highway 330, Griffith, IN 46319 Ads Wever's Tree Service Serving Porter and Surrounding Areas, Porter, IN 46304 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers K's Construction & Roofing Inc Call a Roofing Contractor You Can Trust. Call K's Roofing & Construction Today 219-405-5146. No Down Payment Required. Updated Nov 10, 2016 Four Seasons Sunrooms Showroom Sunroom Displays 50% off while they last at Four Seasons Sunrooms! 219-736-8515 Updated Nov 10, 2016 Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Fall is Aeration and Power Seeding Time! Call Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Now To Set Up Your Service 219-440-7098 Updated Nov 10, 2016 Allstate - Elaine Morris How important is your family too you? Call Elaine Morris with Allstate today to discuss a life insurance plan that fits your family today at 219-928-0135 Updated Nov 10, 2016 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2016 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Vendors wrap up Fear Fete convention in Biloxi - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2016 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Donald Trump elected president Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Biker Dad Blog 2016 Mid-South Heart Walk Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Vendors wrap up Fear Fete convention in Biloxi 2016-10-16T21:17:29Z2016-10-17T02:20:22Z By Victor Williams, Reporter Email Connect victorwilliams@wlox.com Items that can only be bought from vendors at Fear Fete (Photo source: WLOX) BILOXI, MS (AP) - Fear Fete is winding down just as some of the vendors are getting started. Dozens of tables were filled with items you won't find in any regular stores.  One vendor was Robert Valentine, whose products can light up anyone's day.  "They're all handmade masks. Me and my friend came up with this concept. They're all different. They glow in the dark. They're pretty cool. They're one of a kind, too," said Valentine.  Not only does Valentine sell light up shoes, he sells popular light up masks from Hollywood blockbusters as well. "The most popular one right now is the purge mask. It's the coolest one. It's got the x’s on its eyes. It's probably the best selling one we've had all weekend. The kids love the neon green and stuff," said Valentine.  Outside of the internet, there are only some items you can find in the vendor’s section of Fear Fete. "I think it's awesome. It's just like this cool convention with all these different things, and it's not just things you can find at Walmart or anything like that. It's really unique," said an event attendee.  First timer Mayah Villarde is new to town. She said she couldn't believe something this cool could be found in the Magnolia State.  "I've never been to Mississippi. It's my first time being here, and I didn't think things like this would even come here, especially to Biloxi. I think it's pretty cool," said Villarde. "First time I've ever been here actually. I'm just interested in all the stuff, taking a look at all the merchandise and stuff like that. It's cool to have a place people can come to buy it, to hang out as a community," said Garrett Weeks Organizers say Fear Fete will be back again next October.  Copyright 2016 WLOX. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Tobacco store goes up in flames Tobacco store goes up in flames Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:56 AM EST2016-11-14 05:56:10 GMT A tobacco store caught fire Sunday night. More >> A tobacco store caught fire Sunday night.More >> Mother of murdered child seeks answers Mother of murdered child seeks answers Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 11:26 PM EST2016-11-14 04:26:50 GMT PJ (Source: Family) The mother of a 23-month-old baby brutally beaten to death on wants some answers for why her child is gone.More >> The mother of a 23-month-old baby brutally beaten to death on wants some answers for why her child is gone.More >> Jail issues causing issues for inmates, bondsmen Jail issues causing issues for inmates, bondsmen Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 11:11 PM EST2016-11-14 04:11:22 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A new website was expected to bring upgrades to the Shelby County Jail—many attorneys, bail bondsmen and former inmates think it’s a downgrade. More >> A new website was expected to bring upgrades to the Shelby County Jail—many attorneys, bail bondsmen and former inmates think it’s a downgrade.More >> Event held to raise money for woman injured in crash Event held to raise money for woman injured in crash Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 10:28 PM EST2016-11-14 03:28:58 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Hospital bills are still tacking up for Cassie Kingdon. Kingdon was brutally hurt in a motorcycle crash that killed her husband.More >> Hospital bills are still tacking up for Cassie Kingdon. Kingdon was brutally hurt in a motorcycle crash that killed her husband.More >> Man critically wounded in Whitehaven shooting Man critically wounded in Whitehaven shooting Updated: Sunday, November 13 2016 10:26 PM EST2016-11-14 03:26:04 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A man is in critical condition after being shot in Whitehaven. More >> A man is in critical condition after being shot in Whitehaven.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us App Downloads Subscriptions Subscriber Services Globe text and email alerts Carrier Application Paper Locations e-Edition News Crime and Courts Lifestyles: Entertainment, Life and more Midwest Youth Special Sections National News Tornado Recovery Joplin Strong, Joplin Proud: A Story of Recovery NIE Globe Español Sports Local Sports National Sports College Football Experts Club Classifieds Jobs Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Autos Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Obituaries Death Notices Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads 247bizsearch.com Newspaper Ads Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Subscriptions Login 49° Clear Joplin, MO (64801) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 66F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 43F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us App Downloads Subscriptions Subscriber Services Globe text and email alerts Carrier Application Paper Locations e-Edition News Crime and Courts Lifestyles: Entertainment, Life and more Midwest Youth Special Sections National News Tornado Recovery Joplin Strong, Joplin Proud: A Story of Recovery NIE Globe Español Sports Local Sports National Sports College Football Experts Club Top Story Three MIAA football programs clinch national tourney bids Northwest Missouri State laid claim to the No. 1 overall seed and Emporia State and Central Missouri joined the defending national champions in the NCAA Division II Super Region 3, the NCAA announced Sunday afternoon. More Headlines Missouri Southern women suffer first loss Jerry Kill returns to Webb City for book signing Lamar rolls past Liberty-Mountain View OCC spikers finish fourth in ACCA Tournament Classifieds Jobs Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Autos Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Top Story Louie and Mary Sue Evans Louie and Mary Sue Evans, of Joplin, Mo., will celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary on Nov. 15, 2016. More Headlines Fred and Gerrie Kerby Glenn Brumback Elsie Geraldine "Gerri" Crouch Gary and Phyllis Hoskins Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Top Story Veterans Day essays: Grades 7-8 Area students in grades 7-12 were invited to write essays addressing the question “What is the Best Way to Honor Veterans?” More Headlines Geoff Caldwell: Nation's rust belt roars back Our View: For our daughters Veterans Day essays: 11-12th grades Veterans Day essays: Grades 9-10 Obituaries Death Notices Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads 247bizsearch.com Newspaper Ads Public Notices Andra Bryan Stefanoni: Pittsburg woman devoted her life to quietly making a difference Andra Stefanoni Andra Stefanoni Oct 16, 2016 PITTSBURG, Kan. — On Friday, I attended the funeral of Barbara Foresman — someone who was neither a statesman nor royalty and won’t garner front-page headlines, yet left a mark in Pittsburg that won’t soon be forgotten. Barbara, 78, died Oct. 9 from complications of injuries suffered in a car wreck. During the service, Pittsburg Beautiful President Jeff Wilbert spoke of Barbara’s dedication to the group, which was established years ago to improve the appearance of Pittsburg. Barbara was one who didn’t talk about what needed to happen in our town; she just quietly picked up her tools and her gloves and got busy doing it. I often saw Barbara working on “island triangles” of land around town where streets merged, weeding and pruning and installing new plants to ensure they were in tiptop shape. Those areas included at Walnut and Kansas, at Woodland and Quincy, and on Memorial Drive in front of the YMCA. She was part of the twice-annual cleanup of litter along the bypass, helped at Trail Head Park at 11th and Broadway, planted the urns along Broadway each season, took care of the welcome signs at the north and south ends of town, and helped maintain the RV & Bike Park north of Four Oaks Golf Course so that it was attractive to visitors. When her husband, Jim, died in 2013, she purchased hanging flower baskets in his honor that have added color and charm to our downtown. Barbara had a desire to “heal the world” in her own unassuming way, which is why the choir we were both part of selected that song to sing at her funeral. “Heal the world, make it a better place, for you and for me and the entire human race,” the lyrics say. Imagine what might happen if we each made time like Barbara to do that, starting in our own community. Safehouse shower Susie Boldrini is also among those trying in her own way to heal the world. Susie volunteers for Safehouse, a Pittsburg-based shelter for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault and stalking in Crawford, Bourbon, Linn, Cherokee, Montgomery, Wilson and Labette counties. Having outgrown its previous home, it’s relocating to more spacious accommodations. Last week, she invited me to an event at the Bicknell Center for the Arts that she and Jeanette Minnis were throwing in an effort to collect gifts of towels, sheets and other linens to be used at the new home. I wasn’t able to attend the shower, but Susie assured me that anyone who would like to contribute such items may do so at any time through the home’s early 2017 opening. Visit J.C. Penney, Pittsburg Interiors, Sears or Wal-Mart and purchase a gift card in any amount. Or use the shower registry Safehouse created at Wal-Mart just as you would for a bridal or baby shower to pick items requested. You can find the registry at Walmart.com. Go to “lists and special occasions,” then go to “find someone’s list.” Enter Safehouse as the first name and Safehouse as the last name, then select “Kansas.” Details: Safehouse at 620-231-8692. Ponytail drive Last but not least, Sara Huffaker, a nursing student at Pittsburg State University, also seeks to make a difference to the American Cancer Society by collecting hair donations. She’s organizing a ponytail drive that will take place Feb. 4 at McPherson Hall, home to the School of Nursing, and she encourages those who have long hair and are thinking of cutting it off to wait a few more months. The hair will be used to make wigs for cancer patients; it takes eight donations to make one wig. Huffaker has donated her hair every two years since the fourth grade.   Andra Bryan Stefanoni, a former Globe reporter, now works as a freelancer. She lives in Pittsburg, Kan.  We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. Andra Stefanoni Andra Bryan Stefanoni is a staff writer for The Joplin Globe. She has been a reporter and editor at The Pittsburg Morning Sun and the former Girard Press, has written for state and national magazines, and has taught journalism. Follow Andra Stefanoni Close Get email notifications on Andra Stefanoni daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Andra Stefanoni posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Andra Stefanoni Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today ADVERTISERS Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Two Noel residents accused of assaulting Muslim woman Former Carthage resident fatally shot in Louisville Joplin gang member takes plea deal WWII veteran casts ballot in Joplin amid applause from voters Drug enforcement team serves search warrants Levi Copelin finishes with breakout season at PSU Election results by county: How Four-States Area voters voted PLAYOFFS LIVE BLOG: Carthage, Lamar continue quests for state titles Josiah Bennett blossoms as MSSU wide receiver Woman implicated in fatal robbery charged with murder Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Follow us Special Sections From the area's latest entertainment to the real estate market, The Joplin Globe's special publications give an in-depth look at living across the region. Globe Photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.joplinglobe.com Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Submission Forms Advertiser Index E-edition Contact Information joplinglobe.com 117 East 4th Street Joplin, MO 64801 Phone: (800) 444-8514 Email: news@joplinglobe.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 Joplin Globe, 117 East 4th Street Joplin, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Weather Traffic Politics Opinion Business Business Innovation Police & Fire MGM Springfield Casinos Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Auto Racing Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook Patriots on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive Food on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest MassLive on YouTube Back to Main Menu Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Traffic, Weather: Text Alerts Breaking News Push Alerts The Republican Email newsletters comments Woman arrested in fatal accident on I-91 in Connecticut hartford.jpg Katell Gunning (Connecticut State Police) Print Email Jeanette DeForge | jdeforge@repub.com By Jeanette DeForge | jdeforge@repub.com The Republican Follow on Twitter on October 16, 2016 at 5:26 PM, updated October 16, 2016 at 7:53 PM comments WINDSOR LOCKS, Ct. – A 34-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly caused a fatal accident Saturday afternoon which closed Interstate 91 northbound for at least an hour. Katell Gunning, 144 Main St., Newington, Connecticut, is being held on $150,000 bail until her arraignment scheduled for Monday in Enfield Superior Court. She is being charged and with operating under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs, evading responsibility and operating with a suspended license, Connecticut State Police said. The accident happened at about 1:55 p.m. on Interstate 91 northbound just before Exit 44. When police arrived they found a Ford F-350 truck overturned and laying against trees on the right shoulder of the highway. Ambulance personnel determined the driver died at the scene. He has been identified as Kevin Dutra, 46, of Colchester, Connecticut, police said. Witnesses told police the driver of a Volkswagen SUV struck the truck from the rear and then fled. "The F-350 (driver) lost control after being struck, swerved across the roadway, struck the metal beam guardrail and overturned and stopped against trees along the right shoulder," police said. State troopers tracked down the Volkeswagen driver shortly afterward in the Walmart parking lot in East Windsor. She was not injured, police said. Motorists were diverted off the three lanes of Interstate 91 at Exit 42, causing serious traffic jams for more than three hours. The crash remains under investigation by State Police in Troop H. Anyone who may have witnessed the collision or has any information is asked to call officers at 860-534-1000. All calls will remain confidential, police said. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MUST-SEE CONTENT See All » View the Fall Photo contest winning entries Best Of Mass Restaurant Chains: Who won? Election Day photos Check out our photo galleries » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Press Pass Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Labnotes Subscribe to Weekend Reading, a weekly email about code, design, technology, and people Weekend Reading — That part's highlighted Published on a month ago Design Objective A Glimpse into the Future of Messaging-First Onboarding A case study on designing the on-boarding experience for the Slackbot Troops. Manisha Agarwal OH: Software is like a pinball machine. Nobody reads the printed instructions clearly.They just drop their quarters & start pushing buttons Amir Shevat Spot on. Tools of the Trade open-guides/og-aws "This guide is by and for engineers who use AWS. It aims to be a useful, living reference that consolidates links, tips, gotchas, and best practices." Bookmarked! On Writing Product Specs This: Effective product specs are a critical part of building great software. They force critical thinking up front, scale communication, and raise accountability — all leading to higher quality, lower schedule risk, and less wasted time. Thoughts on yarn Judging by my Twitter stream, lots of people love it, but many also hate it — or just being cynic for the sake of it? I'm going to give yarn a try on future projects. Dmitry Ignatiev (cons cat (cons cat nil)) Lines of Code nfriedly I expect anyone who's a JavaScript expert to do the same: When I was hired on the Watson team, the first thing they asked me to do was help improve performance of their AngularJS-based website. It was all-around slow, especially for the initial page view. I stripped out AngularJS and most of the other JavaScript, and published a website that was almost pure static HTML. It loaded very quickly. My manager thought it was hilarious - his "JavaScript expert" came in and deleted all of the JavaScript. Jiaaro These should be part of the Computer Science curriculum: Actual talents involved in programming: naming things introspective thinking explaining things to other people clearly Architectural 10 Modern Software Over-Engineering Mistakes Starting with the original sin: Engineers think we’re the smartest people around because we build stuff. This first mistake often makes us over-engineer. But if we plan for 100 things, Business will always come up with the 101st thing we never thought of. If we solve 1,000 problems, they will come back with 10,000 problems. We think we have everything under control — but we have no clue what’s headed our way. Peter Seibel In distributed systems you’re screwed if you don’t have caches but if you do, you’ll screw them up. This is known as a ”cache-22”. Peopleware Eric Elliott In a mentorship culture with lots of pairing and code reviews, even novice developers quickly become great assets. Casey West Did you consider how hard it is to get six people to agree on a two pizza order before you sent the email about your microservices strategy? None of the Above Bite Sized Observations You Didn’t Know You Needed. How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales? It Paid Its People More Shocking business strategy. Dave W-F Possibly the most unbelievable thing about Star Trek is how different alien civilizations maintain cross-compatible video calling software. James Poniewozik "BREAKING: Wow. I don't say this very often, but this is a game-changer. #Wikileaks" The Dutch Reach: Clever Workaround to Keep Cyclists from Getting “Doored" Simple and effective: Basically, instead of using their door-side (left) arm, they reach over with their other (right) arm. This simple behavioral shift causes drivers to look back naturally and see whether or not there are oncoming bicyclists. Andrew Bloch "Whoever designed these LEGO bags deserves a pay rise" About me @assaf Email Broadly: word of mouth marketing
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime October 16, 2016 2:14 pm Updated: October 16, 2016 2:18 pm Gun scare at Guildford Mall prompts RCMP warning about playing with fake weapons By Jon Azpiri Online News Producer  Global News ; Police received reports of masked gunmen at Surrey's Guildford Town Centre on Saturday night. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Surrey RCMP responded to reports of masked gunmen in the parking lot of Guildford Town Centre Saturday night only to find five men “playing around” with fake weapons. Witnesses called 911 before 9 p.m. to report a group of masked men carrying what appeared to be handguns in an underground parking lot outside of Walmart. The group was detained at gunpoint until it was determined their firearms were fake. “The group of males were just playing around, and could not give any legitimate reason for their actions in the parkade,” Surrey RCMP S/Sgt. M.A. Hedderson said in a statement. Police are reminding everyone about the dangers of playing with fake guns, saying even the most highly-trained officers can have a difficult time distinguishing between real weapons and replicas. © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Crime guildford mall Guildford Town Centre RCMP Surrey Editor's Picks Politics Why some are blaming Facebook for Donald Trump’s presidential win Politics Remembrance Day 2016: Are the Liberals living up to their promises to veterans? Politics US Presidential Election 2016: How will America heal from the nasty, violent race for president? Canada Reality check: Will new foreign ownership rules make flights in Canada cheaper? Consumer When is the best time to buy a plane ticket? Canada Donald Trump campaign blasts Canada’s ‘socialized’ health care: here’s what you need to know Politics Fact check: Can US voters really change their early ballots like Donald Trump suggested? Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Popular Now 'Supermoon' bringing closest full moon to earth in almost 70 years 6177 Bikers stop to help stranded biker, find out it is Bruce Springsteen 2674 Vancouver Island First Nation accepts $50M land settlement from federal government 1698 Donald Trump wants to deport up to 3 million criminals, softens border wall promise 1621 Donald Trump says he's a 'very sober' person, tells supporters harassing others to 'stop it' 1240 Sponsored content Popular Videos Kate McKinnon’s Hillary Clinton performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW Dave Chappelle wishes Trump luck, he’s willing to give him a chance WATCH NOW Is Hillary Clinton finished in professional politics? WATCH NOW Mexico opens market to all Canada’s beef products WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
CATEGORIES BUSINESS CHURCH CULTURE EDUCATION LEGAL-COURTS MEDIA MISSIONS NATIONAL SECURITY PERSECUTION POLITICS-GOVT PRO-LIFE SCIENCE & TECH PERSPECTIVES APP SYNDICATION POLICIES FAQ CONTACT US RSS FEED DONATE CATEGORIES BUSINESS CHURCH CULTURE EDUCATION LEGAL-COURTS MEDIA MISSIONS NATIONAL SECURITY PERSECUTION POLITICS-GOVT PRO-LIFE SCIENCE & TECH PERSPECTIVES APP SYNDICATION POLICIES FAQ CONTACT US RSS FEED DONATE CULTURE Poll reveals faith, ideology of Trump, Hillary voters Sunday, October 16, 2016  |  Michael F. Haverluck (OneNewsNow.com) As Republican and Democratic presidential nominees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton continue to search for support less than a month out from the general election a new study reveals that the dichotomy between backers of each camp varies greatly when it come faith and ideology. After surveying more than 1,000 American adults – with a majority being likely voters – the Barna Group discovered that 16 distinct voter segments are poised to cast their ballots for Trump – all of which share conservative political viewpoints. What faiths, ideologies, attitudes lean toward Trump? When it comes to pulling in the religious vote, Trump was a distinct favorite of right-leaning faith segments. “[Trump appeals more to] evangelicals (among whom he holds a 55 percent to 2 percent lead over Clinton); non-evangelical born again Christians (he has a 49 percent to 31 percent lead among them); those who attend a Protestant church (47 percent to 32 percent lead); adults who claim to have a biblical worldview (57 percent to 30 percent margin); people who believe that absolute moral truth exists (48 percent to 37 percent preference for Trump); and those who consider themselves to be theologically conservative (60 percent for Trump, 28 percent for Clinton), Barna reports. The billionaire also drew the bulk of American voters who ascribe to a number of different lifestyles. “[Trump is favor] among gun owners (55 percent to 34 percent preference for Trump); self-proclaimed pro-life advocates (54 percent to 31 percent); people who say they support traditional moral values (47 percent to 39 percent); adults who say they love NASCAR (50 percent for Trump, 39 percent for Clinton); and people who currently or have previously served in the military (57 percent to 29 percent),” the researchers indicated. Trump also won out over Clinton by overwhelmingly gleaning the support of voters who hold to certain attitudes and ideologies about the country. “[A]mong people who say they are angry about the current state of America, Trump was the favorite by a 52 percent to 31 percent margin,” the survey revealed. “He is also preferred by people who believe the country is going in the wrong direction (52 percent to 30 percent). Similarly, Trump dominated among fiscal conservatives (71 percent to 19 percent); social conservatives (69 percent to 21 percent); and among people who want a government that is less active and far-reaching than we currently have (64 percent to 16 percent).” Clinton’s following On the other side of the political spectrum, those who want to put Clinton into the White House span 14 voter segments – demographic groups that are partial to a more Left-leaning point of view when it comes to their ideal vision of America. Just as certain faith segments supported Trump, Clinton also has her religious following. “[Clinton is more popular than Trump with] notional Christians (i.e., people who consider themselves to be Christian but are not born again – the largest of the three Christian-oriented niches, constituting a segment she leads by a 48 percent to 36 percent margin); people aligned with non-Christian faiths (among whom she has a 37 percent to 30 percent lead); atheists and agnostics (61 percent to 18 percent); and Catholics (45 percent to 35 percent),” the study reveals. Other categories of voters casting their ballots for the former first lady include those who support the green movement and homosexual activists. “Clinton is also favored by several lifestyle groups, such as self-described environmentalists (64 percent to 23 percent). Other such segments she leads include adults who regularly shop at Wal-Mart (47 percent to 41 percent); and self-proclaimed advocates of LGBT rights (71 percent to 17 percent).” A wholly different set of attitudes and ideologies are held by those who will color their ballots blue for Clinton. “[Those voting for Clinton] are people who are optimistic about the future, which she leads by a 53 percent to 32 percent margin,” Barna researchers explain. “She was also the preferred candidate of each of six ideological segments that were either moderate or liberal. Those included fiscal liberals (81 percent to 6 percent) and fiscal moderates (56 percent to 23 percent); social liberals (76 percent to 14 percent) and social moderates (41 percent to 34 percent); and people who want the government to remain as active and far-reaching as it is now (75 percent to 15 percent) as well as those who want government to be more active and far-reaching than it is today (76 percent to 17 percent).” Segmentation advantage: Hillary Designated as the special analyst for Barna’s 2016 election polling, Barna Group Founder George Barna evaluated and identified the support patterns attracted by both Clinton and Trump, and he deduced that the distinct advantage belongs to the Left-leaning Democratic candidate. “Each of the candidates has a variety of voter segments for which they are the preferred option,” Barna informed. “But when you examine the size and nature of those segments, Clinton has a clear advantage.” As expected, Trump wins with the Right and Clinton takes the Left, but the difference in the election could be decided on which candidate appeals to moderates – and so far, the former secretary of state is pulling more from this segment. “Notice that while Trump handily wins the conservative vote, and Clinton handily wins the liberal vote, she also triumphs among moderates,” Barna points out. “Although there are more conservatives than liberals among U.S. voters, that difference is not enough to eclipse the benefit she receives from winning among moderates. In addition, Clinton wins the liberal vote by a larger margin than Trump wins the conservative vote, further dampening his potential advantage.” Deciding factors … Barna also emphasizes that there is a major conflict this election year when it comes to how evangelicals will vote. “Although Trump has a huge lead over Clinton among evangelicals, the most noteworthy finding in this regard is that more than four out of 10 evangelicals currently refuse to vote for either of those two candidates,” the pollster explains. “Nearly three out of 10 are presently undecided, making them the largest block of undecided votes still up for grabs. One out of eight evangelicals plan to protest the quality of the major party candidates by voting for a third-party or independent candidate. This behavior by evangelicals is unique over the course of the last nine election cycles.” Barna also mentioned that if evangelical voters were to cast their ballots today, their support for Trump would be at least 20 percentage points lower than the voting numbers for Republican nominees witnessed over the past five presidential elections. However, it is noted that the national polls suggest the White House race is too close to call, as the last few weeks to the election are typically the most erratic of all when it comes to voting trends. “Clinton is in a more comfortable position heading into the final four weeks of the campaign, but with hundreds of millions of dollars of advertising and marketing yet to be spent, plus the ground game of both sides picking up steam and the unpredictability of both the media and the candidates, this is likely to be a fight to the finish,” Barna concludes. We moderate all reader comments, usually within 24 hours of posting (longer on weekends). Please limit your comment to 300 words or less and ensure it addresses the article - NOT another reader's comments. Comments that contain a link (URL), an inordinate number of words in ALL CAPS, rude remarks directed at other readers, or profanity/vulgarity will not be approved. More details Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. One News Now SIGN UP FOR OUR DAILY NEWSBRIEF SUBSCRIBE VOTE IN OUR POLL What drove a majority of evangelicals to vote for Donald Trump on Tuesday? CAST YOUR VOTE GET PUSH NOTIFICATIONS SUBSCRIBE LATEST AP HEADLINES Anti-Trump protests continue in NYC, LA, Philly Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior WH roles Calif. deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested Powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand, killing 2 people Report: Carbon emissions flat in last 3 years Iraq says IS driven from town near famed ancient ruins Turkey dismisses 310 navy officers in failed coup probe LATEST FROM THE WEB Confirmed: Trump says he will take $1 salary as president Revenge on media who laughed at Trump Trump 'fine' with same-sex 'marriage' 3 liberals who warned Dems to pay attention to working class whites Trump reportedly looking for way to pull US out of climate agreement CARTOON OF THE DAY REASON & COMPANY NEXT STORY God-booing Dems enjoy support of 'Nones' People of faith are split in their support of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, with evangelicals, other Protestants and Catholics narrowly supporting the Republican candidate and those of other faiths slightly in favor of the Democrat.  CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter Daily News Brief Signup OTHER LINKS About FAQ Journal Syndication RSS Feeds Donate Resources Watch Live! Contact Policies Blogs Video App COPYRIGHT NOTICE All Original Content Copyright ©2006-2016 American Family News Network - All Rights Reserved. "OneNewsNow", "OneNewsNow.com", and the "OneNewsNow World" logo, are Trademarks of the American Family News Network - All Rights Reserved. One News Now Poll What drove a majority of evangelicals to vote for Donald Trump on Tuesday? Why did some evangelicals vote for Hillary? A Christian apologist, speaker, and author cites three probable reasons why a significant minority of self-described evangelical Christians voted for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump on Tuesday. See Related Story Close Cartoon of the Day Close Sign Up for our Daily News Brief News stories each weekday from reporters you can trust without the liberal bias found in much of "mainstream" media. Close Sign Up for our Daily News Brief News stories each weekday from reporters you can trust without the liberal bias found in much of "mainstream" media. No Thanks Maybe Later Close
null
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Looking for affordable, quality clothes in Toronto October 16, 2016 8:52 AM   Subscribe Toronto-specific question: I need to buy some new clothes for work, particularly white shirts, but I don't know where to look. What I'm looking for: - white and off-white/light striped button up / collared shirts - business casual - prefer unisex/gender-neutral, but they also need to fit a DD cup bust and look appropriate when not tucked in, so most men's shirts don't work - cotton or linen a must; synthetics feel awful - affordable ($20-40 per shirt? is that unreasonable?) Where I need to find it: - in Toronto, Ontario - must be accessible by TTC and preferably closer to downtown than not - willing to shop online if there is a very good return policy (no questions asked, full refund). I know that for trousers, I have gotten good ones at H&M, but they are a bit too casual and fast fashion for the kinds of shirts I would like to find. Then I think of the Bay, and they are far too expensive, and just as likely to sell the same cheap polyester that Walmart does only for $80 instead of $20. I've also bought trousers I like at Muji, but I didn't notice any appropriate shirts. What are some of the other possibilities for clothes shopping in Toronto, particularly the downtown core? And - holy grail of all - are there any stores that will organize their clothes by fabric content? If I could find a place which was All Cotton, All the Time, that would be awesome. In the world of yarn, you find places that will only carry natural fibres, but it doesn't seem to have caught on in clothing. I traditionally shop second hand, and I'm fully willing to continue to do so. I usually go to the Value Village at Lansdowne & Bloor, as it has a good balance between price and organization/cleanliness - and maybe I'll just end up there again -- it's hard to beat $5-10 for a good quality shirt that you also know that you are saving from the landfill. The main drawback to second hand is that selection is (obviously) limited, and you can't chose between sizes (what you find is what is available). posted by jb to Shopping (11 answers total) 1 user marked this as a favorite   There are a few choices in The Bay's sales shirts which are below $40. Search for the colour white, but expect weird patterned shirts in the results. posted by blob at 9:47 AM on October 16 I think $20-40 for a work shirt of at least moderate quality might be unreasonably low. Sign up for Banana Republic's email list. They typically do a 40% off sale once a week or so, and occasionally even more. Looks like they are doing that today, and at 40% some of their options are down to $51. There are BReps at the Eaton's Centre and on Bloor. Never ever pay full retail there at any of the major retail brands. They always have sales. Maybe also Winners? posted by Sleddog_Afterburn at 10:34 AM on October 16 Old Navy had 100% cotton white button downs for around $20 last year, they are fairly thin and wrinkle easily after a year+ of weekly washing but I still recommend them and wear them all the time at work. posted by tatiana wishbone at 10:46 AM on October 16 Forgot to mention the Old Navy shirts are cut generously, don't have feminine styling details, and came in other colors/patterns. posted by tatiana wishbone at 10:48 AM on October 16 Winners, for sure. The College and Yonge Winners has a decent officewear selection - lots of dress shirts from mainstreamish brands. Out of what they sell I'd suggest Tommy Hilfiger, which does mediocre-to-good quality dress shirts depending upon the cloth used. I would caution against placing too much significance on fabric content. Places like H&M and the Gap sell many, many dress shirts that are 100% cotton and will wrinkle if you look at them. Conversely, plenty of higher-end manufacturers use polyester, nylon, etc, to strengthen a shirt or make it non-iron. Given the choice between a 70/30 shirt from Brooks Brothers and a 100% cotton shirt from the Gap... Well. I'd suggest focusing on things like handfeel and weight rather than content. posted by ZaphodB at 12:18 PM on October 16 Uniqlo? posted by Miss T.Horn at 3:18 PM on October 16 You should seriously just ask my mom to take you shopping. She would love it to shop with someone who actually wants to shop and she'd be outraged if you paid $20 for a white shirt. The Bay is one place, you just have to know which Bay and where in the store. Ditto Marks. Sears. All the stores owned by Reitmans. And she'll drive you. posted by If only I had a penguin... at 4:49 PM on October 16 [3 favorites] the fabric thing isn't a quality issue; I feel like I'm wrapped in plastic when wearing polyester. Blends might be okay. posted by jb at 5:20 PM on October 16 I would definitely recommend Uniqlo shirts given your requirements - I have a DD cup bust and their size medium shirts fit fine without weird gapping. Fabric quality and construction will be vastly superior to shirts from, say, Old Navy. posted by needled at 5:46 PM on October 16 [2 favorites] Thank you to everyone, especially for ideas I hadn't thought of (Old Navy), hadn't heard of (Uniqlo), and for offering your mother as my personal shopper / chauffeur. (Does she know you're telling weirdos on the Internet she'll take them shopping? it would be really awkward, except that I have actually met her. Tell her N and I say hi). posted by jb at 7:47 PM on October 16 I left out the internet part, but yes. posted by If only I had a penguin... at 10:22 PM on October 16 « Older Talk to me about Newark, NJ: Safety, surrounding...   |   To freeze or not to freeze Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Fun graphic t-shirts outside of hipster/geek culture? July 11, 2016 Small shirts for small girls with big boobs July 3, 2008 Men's clothes in Toronto August 8, 2007 Fashions for larger guys May 2, 2006 Men's Custom Tailoring November 23, 2004 Tags Toronto clothes shirts naturalfabrics Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,220 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2016 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, November 14, 2016, 1:13 a.m. Home / Business / Berryville-based apparel-maker's sales soar 92% in 3 years By John Magsam This article was published October 16, 2016 at 2:06 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Patrick Pierce (left) loads shirts onto a screen printing machine as Martin Monague handles completed shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. The company estimates that it controls about 75 percent of the Christian T-shirt market. Comments aAFont Size Shelves are filled with finished Christian T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. Hailey Davis counts and organizes Christian T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. The company ranked No. 3,479 on Inc’s 2016 list of the nation’s 5,000 f... Sheryl Sanders folds finished T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. The company’s name means “to preach” in Greek. Vic Kennett, founder and chief executive officer of Kerusso; photographed on Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, at the Berryville business. Christian apparel-maker Kerusso has come a long way from its start selling T-shirts out of a garage in Eureka Springs nearly 30 years ago. Shelves are filled with finished Christian T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. Hailey Davis counts and organizes Christian T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. The company ranked No. 3,479 on Inc’s 2016 list of the nation’s 5,000 f... Sheryl Sanders folds finished T-shirts at Kerusso in Berryville. The company’s name means “to preach” in Greek. Vic Kennett, founder and chief executive officer of Kerusso; photographed on Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, at the Berryville business. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Berryville-based apparel-maker's sales soar 92% in 3 years Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Business news in brief Meat created from stem cells Zero Mountain's time has come Startup pitching H2O-plus says word getting o... Berryville-based apparel-maker's sales soar 9... Smithsonian exhibit pleases, but Jonesboro fi... Animal cafes crop up worldwide Soybean boom in Brazilian region goes bust wi... Sales of luxury cars soar 19% in Japan More Business stories > Comments on: Berryville-based apparel-maker's sales soar 92% in 3 years To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump protests continue (23 comments) Election unrest hits state schools (35 comments) It's the culture, stupid (29 comments) Demographics doom Clinton in Arkansas (19 comments) Trump said to adjust stance on health law (12 comments) Femininists and the president-elect (9 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Netflix, Inc. vs Amazon After Amazon stock soared 63% since February, is it still a better buy than Netflix? Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Oct 15, 2016 at 7:03PM Image source: Getty Images. A head-to-head comparison of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is likely to show up more and more in the future. While at their cores, Amazon is still an e-commerce company and Netflix is a streaming-video giant, Amazon's ever-expanding flywheel of benefits for its Prime members is increasingly crossing paths with Netflix's streaming business. Not only does Amazon now have its own streaming video subscription service, which it calls Prime Video, but the company is rolling out a growing library of original content and exclusive TV, akin to the Netflix Originals and content deals that have made the streaming company a must-have entertainment destination for 83 million paying members.  As these two companies inevitably duke it out, which stock is a better buy? Company Market Capitalization Trailing 12-Month Revenue Growth P/E Forward P/E Netflix $43.5 billion 25% 317 128 Amazon $390.6 billion 26% 205 71 Business potential Investors who buy shares of either company are getting a fast-growing company with enduring growth prospects. With trailing 12-month revenue increasing by 25% year over year in the trailing 12-month period, Netflix is benefiting from its ongoing international expansion, as well as from well-justified price hikes for its streaming service. As Netflix Originals prove to be driving value for customers, and as the company continues to benefit from the secular growth of streaming video, both of these catalysts for growth look poised to continue driving revenue for years to come. Amazon's trailing 12-month revenue similarly increased 26% year over year, driven primarily by rapid growth in e-commerce, but also helped out by a notable 58% jump in the company's Amazon Web Services (AWS) division, which accounts for about 9% of total revenue. As a leader in both of these segments, there's no sign of either slowing in the near future. Valuation Given that Amazon stock has skyrocketed 63% and Netflix stock increased a much less 16% since I compared these two stocks in February, it might seem like Netflix stock would be the better buy today. AMZN data by YCharts. But choosing between these two stocks isn't so cut and dried, as Amazon stock still appears to be the less risky bet of these two -- even after its massive rise. Sure, trading at 71 times estimates of next year's earnings, Amazon stock certainly isn't cheap. But Netflix's much higher price-to-forward earnings ratio of 128 highlights how investors are betting on much greater earnings growth for the streaming giant than they are for Amazon. And it's worth noting that, while Netflix is the undisputed leader in streaming movies and TV shows, competition looms in the media space as far as other companies with powerful video content. Powerful companies like Disney, Time Warner, and Alphabet's YouTube look like potential threats. Amazon, on the other hand, has unprecedented scale in e-commerce, and is highly differentiated from other large retailers, such as Wal-Mart and Costco. Despite's Amazon's soaring stock price since I last picked it over Netflix in February, I'm still betting Amazon is the better buy. This is a particularly timely topic because both companies report earnings this month. Netflix reports third-quarter results after market close on Monday, October 17, and Amazon reports third-quarter results after market close on Thursday, October 27. Investors can look for more color on both businesses when the results go live. Daniel Sparks has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Netflix. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 7:03PM Consumer Goods Stocks Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $739.01 down $-3.37 (-0.45%) Read More Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 2 Top Retail Stocks to Buy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Markets Photos Videos FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News Home » India Victims from US keep dialling Thane police for helpNishikant Karlikar | TNN | Oct 16, 2016, 04:55 IST The Mira Road call centre mostly targeted US citizens The harassment of callers by the Mira Road gang was so torturous that some of the victims collapsed under stress. In her complaint, a native of Delhi, Priya Arunachalam, who lives in New York, has told Thane police that on Sept 22, 2015, a person claiming to be an "IRS treasury inspector" threatened and extorted $44,587 (nearly Rs 30 lakh) from her. Arunachalam has lodged the complaint, saying the culprits caused her family untold stress and that they lost sleep for nearly a year. Another 24-year-old girl from Las Vegas has informed Thane police that the impersonators extorted $1,500 from her by accusing her of violating immigration rules. Her complaint says, "I received a call from 1800-375-5283 on September 19 (from a person) claiming to be an immigration officer from USCIS. He said I am under a strict protocol and I cannot speak to anybody during the call." The caller asked for all her personal details like passport, visa information and then told her that a criminal case was pending against her back in India. The caller threatened her that she could be "deported, put behind the bars for 72 hours..." He then convinced her to go to the nearest Walmart store and buy a $1,500 Apple iTunes card after which a number would be generated, which she could give to the "police officer" who would be visiting her place. Anantsingh Dhillon, an Indian based in Victoria in Columbia, too shared details with police. He said, "I got numerous calls from unknown numbers asking me to call back as the Canada Revenue Agency had something against me. It was always in a threatening tone and as I called back numerous times, they may have thought I was following up." Twice he called local police and found out that it was a scam, Dhillon told TOI. Back in October 2013, the US Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration had estimated that roughly 8.9 lakh victims had paid up over $26.5 million to phone scammers. Investigators are now slowly coming to grips with the size of this underground industry although scamsters have managed to cover up their tracks well so far with the use of technology. Will this tarnish the image of BPOs operating from India, is a question that lingers. A joint Indo-US probe involving the FBI and other US agencies is currently underway and promises more action. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Dipa Karmakar to return her BMW owing to maintenance issues Now, Pakistan to demand 'Dancing Girl' from India Former Army chiefs slam demand for release of surgical strike footage Watch: Japanese Lantern Fiesta lights up Mumbai's skies In the buildup to Diwali, a unique Japanese Lantern Fiesta has been organised as part of an effort to celebrate Japanese culture. The lantern fiesta also showcases the similarities between Japanese and Indian culture. New breath analysers that helps cops nail repeat offenders Mumbai traffic cops have begun using new advanced breath analysers that will help them keep a better tab on drunk drivers. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreiPhone 7ScamMira RoadextortCall centreBPO Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Dark side of call centre industry growing As UP elections near, Shah says Dalits’ welfare govt’s priority India to nail Pakistan's lie on LeT funding at international meet No passes: Delegates from Russia lose access India, Russia look to fuel bonhomie with gas pipeline India, Russia look to fuel bonhomie with gas pipeline Can’t afford differences on terrorism, PM tells Xi Skeletons discovered 3 years after Kedar tragedy Meat exporter Moin Qureshi gives ED the slip 1Victims from US keep dialling Thane police for help 2Dark side of call centre industry growing 3As UP elections near, Shah says Dalits’ welfare govt’s priority 4India to nail Pakistan's lie on LeT funding at international meet 5No passes: Delegates from Russia lose access 6India, Russia look to fuel bonhomie with gas pipeline 7India, Russia look to fuel bonhomie with gas pipeline 8Can’t afford differences on terrorism, PM tells Xi 9Skeletons discovered 3 years after Kedar tragedy 10Meat exporter Moin Qureshi gives ED the slip About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Gadget Reviews | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings in Mumbai | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | FILMIPOP Hindi Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Sunny Leone Photos | Hindi News | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Baramulla Attack BRICS Summit 2016 Goa US Second Presidential Debate US Elections 2016 Surgical Strike Diwali 2016 India vs New Zealand Big Boss 10 Jayalalitha Health Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Elections 2016 October 15, 2016 5:02 PM Goddard Mayor Marcey Gregory touts vision, business experience in county race Sedgwick County Commission candidate Marcey Gregory campaigns in Goddard. (Oct. 12, 2016) Fernando Salazar The Wichita Eagle i By Daniel Salazar dsalazar@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story When Marcey Gregory knocks on doors, campaigning for a Sedgwick County Commission seat, she makes sure to tell residents her personal cellphone number. “I’m very responsive. I’m very concerned about knowing what is important to the people that I serve,” Gregory said. “That has been my approach as (Goddard) mayor. And that will continue to be my approach as a county commissioner.” Gregory is running as an independent candidate in District 3. She faces retired Air Force Col. David Dennis, who defeated Commissioner Karl Peterjohn in the Republican primary. She lost a 2008 commission race to Peterjohn as a Democrat. Gregory says she’ll use her experience as a small-business owner and the mayor of Goddard to attract businesses to Sedgwick County. District 3, which is heavily Republican, includes large parts of west Wichita and small cities Goddard, Cheney, Colwich, Garden Plain, Andale, Mount Hope, Bentley and Viola scattered across the western half of the county. You are responsible for those communities, so you need to know what’s going on with them, what their concerns are and how best to serve them. Marcey Gregory, Sedgwick County Commission candidate Gregory, 54, says she would attend meetings hosted by all of the smaller cities, which she says have been neglected by county government. “You don’t have to be invited: It’s part of your job description,” Gregory said. “You are responsible for those communities, so you need to know what’s going on with them, what their concerns are and how best to serve them.” Business owner Gregory is a native Wichitan who attended North High School. She went to Wichita State University for a couple of years, then moved with her husband, Gary, to California, where he had an opportunity to run with the Santa Monica Track Club. She was an officer manager for several land investment companies while they lived in the Los Angeles area for five years. They returned to Kansas in 1988 after their first child was born. After a brief stay in College Hill, they settled down in Goddard. Gregory owns MG Ventures, which is in commercial and residential real estate. She ran for the Goddard City Council in 2005 and lost a close race to Craig Bassett and Todd Wentz. “First time I ever ran for office, I lost by six votes. Every vote counts,” she said. “I’m living proof of that.” She ran again two years later, winning by 42 votes over Bassett. “I had gotten well-enough known by a lot of people in the community,” Gregory said. Tenure in Goddard Gregory became mayor in 2007. Shortly after that, the Goddard City Council unanimously passed a property tax increase because staffing levels hadn’t increased since 2000 despite a large population increase. “It was not just me. It was all of my council,” Gregory said. “We had to increase the mill levy to be able to bring in enough police officers and enough public works people to be able to serve that huge population increase.” She ran for the county commission in 2008 as a Democrat, hoping to take Commissioner Tom Winters’ seat. Winters was defeated in the Republican primary by Peterjohn. Gregory lost in the general election to Peterjohn. She says he successfully used the Goddard tax increase against her in the campaign. Everything worked out for the best, because I still had a lot to do in Goddard. Marcey Gregory, Sedgwick County Commission candidate “Everything worked out for the best, because I still had a lot to do in Goddard,” she said. Gregory says Goddard has grown significantly during her tenure, pointing to more green space and retail outlets such as Wal-Mart. She also touts an aquatic complex that will open soon. “That’s going to be so fabulous for not only our economy but the entire region,” Gregory said. Wendy Ramirez, the Goddard Chamber of Commerce’s director, said Gregory pays close attention to citizen input. She goes out of her way to make sure that she’s there for the city. Wendy Ramirez, Goddard Chamber of Commerce director “She goes out of her way to make sure that she’s there for the city,” Ramirez said. “She’s very community-oriented.” ‘Quality-of-life issues’ Gregory decided to run for the commission again this year to try to unseat Peterjohn. She gathered more than 3,000 signatures from District 3 voters to qualify for the general election as an independent candidate, which she said would allow her to pursue nonpartisan solutions and cooperate more easily with other commissioners. Peterjohn and Commissioners Richard Ranzau and Jim Howell form the current commission majority. They want to limit the county’s debt, focus on core government services like roads and public safety and reduce government spending on services that can be provided in the private sector. Like Dennis, Gregory is concerned about the majority’s use of cash reserves to pay for road and bridge projects. “We cannot continue to deplete our reserves, or we’re going to be in a bad financial situation,” Gregory said. Gregory says the county forced unpopular cuts in the 2016 budget process last summer. She says she’s a strong supporter of quality-of-life attractions like the Sedgwick County Zoo and Exploration Place. “We have a majority that is more concerned with keeping taxes low than they are about pushing quality-of-life issues,” Gregory said. “Their focus has been entirely on lowering taxes, not just keeping taxes low, but continually lowering taxes.” We have a majority that is more concerned with keeping taxes low than they are about pushing quality-of-life issues. Marcey Gregory, Sedgwick County Commission candidate That budget lowered the property tax levy from 29.381 mills to 29.359 mills. She says taxpayers did not gain much savings from that decision. “It’s so insignificant that it doesn’t even buy a pizza for my household,” Gregory said. “People are not seeing a significant tax decrease.” Gregory also opposed a recent change to plumbing code that allows plumbers to choose between two different standards. She wants Goddard to be exempt from the code change, which was opposed by the county’s plumbing board. “Our current county commission, especially the majority, are putting good people in place and then they’re not listening to them,” Gregory said. “They’re going with their own particular agenda and not listening to their experts. That’s a worry for me.” She also opposes a recent deregulation of the county’s wastewater inspections. Unlike Dennis, she opposes placing gun lockers in the courthouse lobby. Gregory said she hopes to form a new majority with current Commissioners Dave Unruh and Tim Norton, should Norton defeat challenger Michael O’Donnell in the District 2 race. She says she’ll use her experience as a business owner to work with organizations like the Regional Economic Area Partnership to attract businesses to Sedgwick County. “There are just things that have not been pursued because we’ve been too focused on trying to lower taxes,” Gregory said. “Our city officials and our county officials need to kind of refocus.” Daniel Salazar: 316-269-6791, @imdanielsalazar Marcey Gregory Party: Independent Age: 54 City: Goddard Occupation: Co-owner, MG Ventures, property management Education: Wichita North High School, some college Experience: Mayor of Goddard since April 2007; Goddard Planning Commission, two years Phone: 316-208-3262 E-mail: MarceyForCountyCommission@gmail.com Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Elections 2016 Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:07 Marshall breaks down big Shocker win Pause 3:17 Shockers won big over Long Beach State 7:04 Gregg Marshall talks season-opening win 0:26 Nov. 14 supermoon is closest moon to Earth since 1948 0:23 Klutzy robber sets self ablaze in convenience store heist 1:35 Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 0:36 Possible assault in Valley Center 0:15 Quarterback celebrates with a heart for his sister 2:26 Crowd, volunteers rejoice as B-29 makes historic return to flight 2:32 Firefighters battle blaze after explosion at historic downtown KC church Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Michael O'Donnell wins County Commission race 5:11 5 days ago Michael O'Donnell wins County Commission race 3:46 4 days ago Hillary Clinton: Greet Trump with 'an open mind' 3:00 5 days ago Trump vows to be a president for all Americans View more video Elections 2016 Trump opts for Washington insider as his White House chief of staff Thousands rally, march in nationwide anti-Trump protests Clinton blames Comey letters for stopping her momentum and turning out Trump voters NBA coach is ‘sick to my stomach’ over Trump’s victory Here are the names being mentioned for Trump appointments Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Books Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Videos More Photos Female Success Factor Publisher's Blog Promotions Newsletters Rollingout × Search Entertainment Tracy Morgan makes emotional return to Dover Downs 2 years after car accident By Ruu Hawkins  |  October 15, 2016 11:58 AM EST Photo credit: Instagram – @realtracymorgan Two years following the tragic car accident that placed him in a coma, as well as resulted in the death of his longtime friend, James “Jimmy Mack” McNair, comedian Tracy Morgan made an emotional return to the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino, following a venue performance. In a post shared via Instagram before his set, on Friday, Oct. 14, Morgan, 47, can be seen kneeling, while clasping his hands, and bowing his head over an empty chair marked with a gold bow. The caption reads, “Back @ DoverDowns. Miss you Jimmy Mack. Tonight will be magical.” Back @ DoverDowns. Miss you Jimmy Mack. Tonight will be magical. A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Oct 14, 2016 at 5:48pm PDT As previously reported, in June 2014, the morning after a gig at the luxury Delaware venue, Morgan, McNair, and his entourage were traveling on the New Jersey Turnpike in a limousine bus, when a Walmart truck struck their vehicle from behind. The crash, which instantly killed McNair, severely injured Morgan and three other passengers. In May 2015, “The Saturday Night Live” veteran settled a lawsuit against the retailer before returning to the stand-up stage just over a year ago. On Saturday, Sept. 10, the “30 Rock” alum attended the Creative Arts Emmys, where he was nominated for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his appearance on “Saturday Night Live.” According to Morgan, just being nominated meant “everything” following the horrific crash. “I came back from a place that nobody thought I was going to come back from, you know? This is for all the survivors and my boy, Jimmy Mack, [James McNair, who died in the accident] and it means a lot to me,” he told ET at the time. “It really means a lot to me just to be alive. So I’ve transcended show business in that sense. I’m just happy to be alive.” Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Tracy Morgan reflects on Emmy nomination following horrific accident Tracy Morgan protests anti-LGBT law Tracy Morgan says he contemplated suicide after 2014 car crash Former Wal-Mart truck driver enters plea in Tracy Morgan crash Ruu Hawkins I'm an acquired taste. if you don't like me, get some taste. Catch me on the 'gram @onmysteez. Follow @ruubabie Most Talked About Happy birthday, Dream: 1st pic, Rob and Chyna introduce their daughter 27 Prince Harry responds to Meghan Markle romance rumors; condemns racists 26 Featured Video Dave Chappelle nails Corey Dipships on ‘Saturday Night Live’ 13 hours ago Featured Photos Dream Kardashian is already a big social media star 17 hours ago   Mama Wyatt’s lesson on using the N-word and her girl crush on mama Cash 1 Omarosa says she’s lost friends over Trump support 3 Is Chris Rock headed to the White House? 1 Details about Brittany Bell, Nick Cannon baby’s mama 1 Amber Rose shares photo of Blac Chyna’s baby girl 2 Adrienne Bailon weds gospel singer Israel Houghton 2 Details about Trump’s top Black female supporter, Omarosa 1 Prince Harry responds to Meghan Markle romance rumors; condemns racists 26 Will Smith’s father dies, actor’s ex-wife pays tribute 2 Celebrities come out for Lee Daniels’ ‘STAR’ at ATL Live on the Park 2 Denzel Washington, Viola Davis attend 1st screening of ‘FENCES’ film 3 Erica Watson talks comedy and dating 2 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Demolition planned for mall in Phoenix blight area - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Business Education My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Traffic map Think About It Watch Tucson News Now Election 2016 Special Reports See it, Snap it, Send it In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Finding Isabel Election 2016 Senior Health, Tech News Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Sports main page High School Sports UA Sports Arizona Wildcats Basketball UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Marana Pumpkin Patch Ticket Giveaway Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Affordable Care Act Marketplace Demolition planned for Metrocenter Mall in Phoenix 2016-10-15T20:20:14Z2016-10-15T20:24:49Z Undated aerial view of Metrocenter Mall in Phoenix (Source: Flickr.com) PHOENIX (AP) - A shopping mall that was a major Phoenix attraction when it was built in the 1970s has faded so much that a new owner plans to gut the mall and tear down major parts of it. KJZZ-FM reports (http://bit.ly/2elrTTw ) Metrocenter mall sits in a city-designated blight area. It was purchased in 2012 for $12.5 million after the recession impacted mall tenants and mortgage payments. Carlyle Development Group purchased the building with plans to tear down all or most of the mall. Chief Operating Officer Warren Fink successfully asked city councilmembers to change the area's zoning to allow office, medical and residential space in addition to retail. A former department store will house a Walmart Supercenter. Fink said the mall will keep its Metrocenter name and looped road. Information from: KJZZ-FM, http://www.kjzz.org/ Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File nulmer@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
JamiiForums | The Home of Great Thinkers Forums General Forums Biashara, Uchumi na Ujasiriamali Dismiss Notice You are browsing this site as a guest. It takes 2 minutes to CREATE AN ACCOUNT and less than 1 minute to LOGIN Rehema Makes 13,465,707Tsh/Month From Home And You Won't Believe How She Does It! Discussion in 'Biashara, Uchumi na Ujasiriamali' started by R.B, Oct 14, 2016. Page 1 of 2 1 2 R.B JF-Expert Member #1 Oct 14, 2016 Joined: May 10, 2012 Messages: 5,490 Likes Received: 592 Trophy Points: 280 ar es salaam region Mom Makes 13,465,707Tsh/Month From Home And You Won't Believe How She Does It! Millionaire Mom from Dar es salaam region Tells All How She Makes 238,568,903Tsh/Yr in this Exclusive Report Rehema puts her computer to work and makes money while working from home. She says that Millionaire Blueprint has helped change her financial life and recommends Rehema Azzan from Dar es salaam region never thought that she would work online, until curiosity got the best of her and she filled out a simple online form. Before she knew it, she discovered her secret to beating the recession, and being able to provide for her family while at home with her three children. I read Rehema's blog last month and decided to feature her story in our weekly consumer report. In our phone interview she told me her amazing story. "I actually make about 5,200TSh-6,200TSh a month working from home. It's enough to comfortably replace my old jobs' income, especially considering I only work about 15-18 hours a week from home. Working online has been a financial windfall for Rehema, who struggled for months to find a decent job but kept hitting dead ends. "I lost my job shortly after the recession hit, I needed reliable income, I was not interested in the "get rich quick" scams you see all over the internet. Those are all pyramid scams or stuff which you have to sell to your friends and family. I just needed a legitimate way to earn a living for me and my family. The best part of working online is that I am always home with the kids. Thanks to the Millionaire Blueprint Kit I am giving my kids the childhood they deserve." I asked her about how she started her life-changing journey. "It was pretty easy, I filled out a short form and applied for a work-at-home kit. There is a small activation fee; it's not really free but it was only 205TSh. I got the kit and within four weeks I was making over 3,200TSh a month. It's really simple, I am not a computer whiz, but I can use the internet. I don't even have to sell anything and nobody has to buy anything. Companies are constantly recruiting people for this, you should try it." The companies you work with are worth over 100 billion dollars and are the most used sites in the internet market place, like Amazon, Google, Walmart, Delta, Apple and more... You're using the top ranked sites in the world, over 50 percent of all internet traffic flows through them everyday. It's a great opportunity and this has been helping people work at home for over 5 years. Why not get in with the internet's best and biggest companies? There are plenty of scams on the internet claiming you can make 30,200TSh a month, but that is exactly what they are - scams. From my conversation with Rehema, "I am making a good salary from home, which is amazing, under a year ago I was jobless in a horrible economy. I thank God every day that I filled out that form." Quickly, Rehema Azzan was able to use the simple Millionaire Blueprint to make it out of the recession. "I actually make 5,200TSh-6,200TSh from home every month." - Rehema Azzan Rehema had never shared her story before, this is the first time she's going public.   - 0 people likes Msherwa JF-Expert Member #2 Oct 14, 2016 Joined: Aug 4, 2012 Messages: 1,126 Likes Received: 397 Trophy Points: 180 Alfu LeLa Ulela halafu kwa mbele kidogo!! Halafu Rehema Azzan ni kama ndugu yake na ..... Au ni majina tu?   - 2 people likes Stanley Mitchell JF-Expert Member #3 Oct 14, 2016 Joined: Jan 2, 2014 Messages: 827 Likes Received: 208 Trophy Points: 60 Na wewe si umake sasa mbn unakuja kulia lia hapA   - 1 people likes Freelancer JF-Expert Member #4 Oct 14, 2016 Joined: Sep 22, 2008 Messages: 2,061 Likes Received: 630 Trophy Points: 280 A scam claiming there are plenty of scams out there teh teh teh   - 1 people likes NDUKI JF-Expert Member #5 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Jan 19, 2013 Messages: 2,214 Likes Received: 152 Trophy Points: 160 Kuna harufu flani naisikia hapa sjui ni harufu ya nini lakini ni harufu.   - 4 people likes youngkato JF-Expert Member #6 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Sep 3, 2014 Messages: 1,339 Likes Received: 406 Trophy Points: 180 Huyo rehema mbona hajafunguka vizuri how exactly kazi anayoifanya   - 0 people likes Davion Delmonte Jr. JF-Expert Member #7 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Oct 27, 2013 Messages: 2,077 Likes Received: 581 Trophy Points: 280 Ningefarijika kama wewe binafsi ndo Rehema Azzani mwenyewe. Ila kama you are telling somebody's story am sorry..   - 0 people likes mikatabafeki JF-Expert Member #8 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Dec 29, 2010 Messages: 12,676 Likes Received: 1,796 Trophy Points: 280 Kwanini na wewe usitengeneze pesa, kwanini umtolee ushuhuda Bi. Rehema???   - 0 people likes ngafu.fijo JF-Expert Member #9 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Oct 3, 2015 Messages: 650 Likes Received: 299 Trophy Points: 80   - 0 people likes Freelancer JF-Expert Member #10 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Sep 22, 2008 Messages: 2,061 Likes Received: 630 Trophy Points: 280 mikatabafeki said: ↑ Kwanini na wewe usitengeneze pesa, kwanini umtolee ushuhuda Bi. Rehema??? Click to expand... Na yeye anahitaji mabwege wa kutosha ili awe kama Rehema...Hicho ndo hawezi kusema openly   - 2 people likes GREENER Senior Member #11 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Aug 10, 2015 Messages: 190 Likes Received: 234 Trophy Points: 60 Atakae elewa vzr naomba anibeep   - 0 people likes S Shenyau0 New Member #12 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Jul 13, 2016 Messages: 1 Likes Received: 0 Trophy Points: 3 Wizi tu hakuna lolote   - 0 people likes Shark JF-Expert Member #13 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Jan 25, 2010 Messages: 15,537 Likes Received: 1,719 Trophy Points: 280 GREENER said: ↑ Atakae elewa vzr naomba anibeep Click to expand... Acha namba ya simu basi   - 0 people likes jogi JF-Expert Member #14 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Sep 25, 2010 Messages: 10,574 Likes Received: 3,082 Trophy Points: 280 Harufu ya mti unaitwa MKENGE NDUKI said: ↑ Kuna harufu flani naisikia hapa sjui ni harufu ya nini lakini ni harufu. Click to expand...   - 1 people likes emanuel prim Member #15 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Jan 1, 2014 Messages: 64 Likes Received: 35 Trophy Points: 25 jogi said: ↑ Harufu ya mti unaitwa MKENGE Click to expand... Mimi nizani harufu hii naihisi peke yang u   - 1 people likes Ghichichi Member #16 Oct 15, 2016 Joined: Oct 13, 2012 Messages: 33 Likes Received: 25 Trophy Points: 25 Mkenge   - 1 people likes Zee la Nyeti JF-Expert Member #17 Oct 16, 2016 Joined: Aug 5, 2014 Messages: 418 Likes Received: 104 Trophy Points: 60 mikatabafeki said: ↑ Kwanini na wewe usitengeneze pesa, kwanini umtolee ushuhuda Bi. Rehema??? Click to expand... Anataka kuturudisha kwenye zama za ujinga tusaini mikatabafeki   - 0 people likes c corasco JF-Expert Member #18 Oct 16, 2016 Joined: Jan 17, 2016 Messages: 483 Likes Received: 234 Trophy Points: 60 NDUKI said: ↑ Kuna harufu flani naisikia hapa sjui ni harufu ya nini lakini ni harufu. Click to expand... Ha ha ha nusa vizur is it fishy?   - 2 people likes jembelamkono JF-Expert Member #19 Oct 16, 2016 Joined: Nov 19, 2015 Messages: 1,338 Likes Received: 637 Trophy Points: 280 GREENER said: ↑ Atakae elewa vzr naomba anibeep Click to expand... Wanasemaga aku dip!!!   - 0 people likes NDUKI JF-Expert Member #20 Oct 16, 2016 Joined: Jan 19, 2013 Messages: 2,214 Likes Received: 152 Trophy Points: 160 jogi said: ↑ Harufu ya mti unaitwa MKENGE Click to expand... Nahisi utakuwa ni huo mti mkuu coz bado naskia harufu yake hapa nilipo aseee. Sasa huu mti MKENGE kuna sehem huwa unaingizwa basi ukiingizwa hiyo sehem maumivu yake ni makali kupita kiasi. Ni hatari sana kwa kweli.   - 0 people likes (You must log in or sign up to reply here.) Show Ignored Content Page 1 of 2 1 2 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Email Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Sign up now! Staff Online Now Rider Content Manager JamiiForums Official Robot Mod 3 Content Manager Mod 4 Content Manager Active Content Quality Controller Mod 1 Content Manager Silencer Content Manager Maxence Melo JF Founder Bridger Content Manager Mhariri Content Quality Controller Forum Statistics Topics 922,827 Members 361,894 Posts 18,233,497 Share This Page Facebook Twitter JamiiForums | The Home of Great Thinkers Forums General Forums Biashara, Uchumi na Ujasiriamali XenForo Add-ons by Brivium ™ © 2012-2013 Brivium LLC. Forums Forums Quick Links Search Forums Create Thread Recent Posts Members Members Quick Links Notable Members Current Visitors Recent Activity Terms and Rules Log in Register Search Who are WE? JamiiForums is a 'User Generated Content' site; anyone can register (MUST) and comment or start a new topic. You are always welcome! Read more... Where are we? We have our offices in Dar es Salaam but we still work virtually. For anything related to this site please Contact us. Contact Us Now... DISCLAIMER JamiiForums, its partners, affiliates and advertisers are not responsible for the content of threads/topics that are submitted by users.. Read more... Forum Rules JamiiForums is moderated under the rules set by users and moderators to safeguard you. You MUST read them and comply accordingly Read more... Privacy Policy We are committed to respecting your privacy rights when visiting any JamiiForums.com page, such as this one. Read our Privacy Policy. Proceed here... Style Chooser Terms and Rules Contact Us Help Home Up to top Loading...
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 2:08 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture 'Stranger Things' Halloween Costume Ideas: How To Dress As Eleven, Barb, Joyce And The Wall By Julia Glum @superjulia On 10/15/16 AT 4:08 PM Close The hit Netflix series "Stranger Things" has characters so good they're scary — and that means you'll see them all over the United States this Halloween. Between the supernatural Eleven, the brave gang of boys and the gone-but-not-forgotten Barb, you have a ton of costume choices if you want to dress up in the "Stranger Things" theme. The best part of choosing a "Stranger Things" getup is that, because the show is set in Indiana in the 1980s, the costumes aren't super elaborate. You can pick up most of the supplies you need from thrift and craft stores. Here are four costumes you can DIY for Halloween: Eleven Eleven's most classic look is the one the boys use to disguise her: a pink collared dress, blue jacket and blonde wig. If you're adventurous, you can buy a pattern to sew your own dress for $25 on Etsy here; if you're lazy, you can buy the dress itself for $98 on Melonhopper here. Score a wig on Amazon for $13 here and a cheap bomber jacket for under $20 here. Once you're dressed, mix together a little red food coloring, powdered sugar, water and cocoa powder per these instructions and apply it under one nostril. Eggo waffles are optional. Joyce Byers Joyce was extremely stressed for all of "Stranger Things," but she was also extremely simply dressed. Mess up your hair or put on a disheveled brunette wig like this $12 one from Amazon. Put on a simple shirt and pair it with a green army jacket like this $40 one from H&M. Your outfit is finished, so now it's time to load up on accessories. Buy a Target corded telephone for $10 here, Walmart battery-operated Christmas lights for $8 here or a pack of cigarettes from your local convenience store.  Barb Being Barb is a lot more about being in the right frame of mind than having the perfect outfit, but it can't hurt if you have big retro glasses like these $10 ones from zeroUV. Get a vintage shirt with a ruffled collar like this $22 one from Rusty Zipper, wear high-waisted, acid-washed jeans and a short red wig like this $13 one from Amazon. We give you permission to skip the slug. The Wall Related Stories Jimmy Kimmel, The Cast Of ‘Stranger Things’ Handed Out Snacks During The 2016 Emmys Will Eleven Return In ‘Strangers Things’ Season 2? Creators Dish On Upcoming Season BuzzFeed declared the wall to be "the best costume" this year, and from the cosplay getups fans have shared on social media already, they're right. Grab a floral shirt and paint a messy black alphabet across the chest. Let it dry, then drape yourself with battery-powered Christmas lights. Find yourself a Joyce and go trick-or-treating. But avoid the Upside Down! Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business After Trump Win, Critic Buffett Sees Strong Stocks, Trade Hurdles The Oracle of Omaha discussed Donald Trump's impending presidential term from an economic perspective. Technology FriendFinder Networks Websites Hacked Over 410 million users had their details compromised in the biggest hack of adult services, eclipsing the Ashley Madison breach, which affected about 32 million people. World Global CO2 Emissions Projected To Stay Flat For Third Straight Year The pause in emissions growth is believed to be driven largely by the drop in coal consumption in China and the United States. National Several US Cities See Peaceful Anti-Trump Protests Immigrants also joined demonstrations in Manhattan outside Trump Tower with several people protesting the president-elect’s deportation plans. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Indiana, PA - Indiana County Monday, November 14, 2016 Home Subscribers New Subscriptions Read ePaper PastFinder Archives Customer Service FAQs News IUP News Indiana County News Police, Emergency, and Courts Family News Indiana County 911 Dispatch Log Regional, National, World Obituaries Opinion Columns Letters & Editorials Student News Dollars & Sense Off Beat Weather Columnists Multimedia Submit News News Photos Business Add My Business Manage My Business Business Directory Attorney Guide Physicians Guide Apartments Auto Guide Classifieds Dining Guide Real Estate Jobs / Employment Tourism Hotels Motels Bed & Breakfast Extended Stays Online Reservations Maps & Directions Entertainment Bar Tour Movies Home & Lifestyle Entertainment News TV Listings Horoscopes Lottery Community Calendar Announcements School Closings Community Pages Community News Apollo-Ridge News Blairsville News Elderton-Dayton Homer-Center Indiana News Indiana County News Ligonier Valley News Marion Center News Northern Cambria News Penns Manor News Punxsutawney News Purchase Line News Saltsburg News United Area News Sports Indiana County Sports Regional Teams IUP Sports National/Pro Collegiate End Zone Extra Shop Order Food Order Delivery Order Take Out Coupons Shop Businesses Online Mall Login Register Indiana, PA :: News :: Indiana County News :: Make A Difference Day Scheduled For Oct. Make a Difference Day scheduled for Oct. 22 by The Indiana Gazette on October 15, 2016 10:58 AM Follow @IndianaGazette Print Comments() Email Through a national day of service, members of the Indiana community can help improve the lives of others during the annual Make a Difference Day, sponsored locally by The Indiana Gazette and nationally by USA Weekend Magazine and the Points of Light Foundation. This year’s event will be from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 22 at various county locations. Locally, the event benefits the Indiana County Community Action Program’s food bank. ICCAP serves senior citizens, students (through the Power Pack program) and families. Participants are asked to donate either food, money or time for the event. “There continues to be a need in the community. The number of hungry is higher than it has ever been,” said Hastie Kinter, the Gazette’s Newspaper in Education program coordinator. ICCAP is looking to buy a bigger cooler to provide more fresh food, including vegetables, Kinter said. Nonperishable food items are in need as supplies in ICCAP’s food bank dwindle. Healthy items such as spaghetti sauce, whole wheat pasta, pudding and canned fruit in juice are among suggested food donations. And monetary donations go a long way for ICCAP. The food bank is able to purchase up to 50 pounds of food for every $5 donated. Donations can be mailed to ICCAP, P.O. Box 187, Indiana PA 15701. Donation sites are: • Blairsville: Walmart • Clymer: Tate’s Supermarket • Homer City: Ideal Market • Indiana/White Township: Valeski’s BiLo, Giant Eagle, Kmart, Walmart • Saltsburg: Shop ‘n Save Area individuals and groups are also encouraged to donate time to help our local pantries distribute food each month. Many of the volunteers are high school students or Indiana University of Pennsylvania students. “It’s a great way to get involved in the community and learn about the importance of volunteerism,” Kinter said. Volunteer opportunities range from collection to sorting, distribution and office work. For more information on how you can help the food bank’s many pantries throughout Indiana County, call (724) 463-7400 or visit humanservices-countyofindiana.org. Print Comments() Email Next Article SENIOR OF THE MONTH: Brooke Gromley October 15, 2016 10:57 AM Brooke Gromley was recently named the Penns Manor Education Association Senior of the Month for October. She is the daughter of John and Robin Gromley, of Penn Run. Brooke is a member of the majorette squad and participates in SADD and FBLA. She is a member of the National Honor Society and is a distinguished honors student. She plans to attend Indiana University of Pennsylvania and major in ... Continue Reading → Comments () Disclaimer: Copyright © 2016 Indiana Gazette. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Apartment Guide (122) Auto Guide (1802) Bar Tour Classifieds (90) Community Calendar Delays & Cancellations Dining / Restaurant Guide Jobs / Employment Movies Online Reservations Real Estate Guide IUP Home | News | Business | Community | Entertainment | Tourism | Shop | Advertising Information | Contact | Masthead Indiana Gazette Address: 899 Water Street, Indiana, PA 15701 Email: webmaster@indianagazette.net Phone: (724) 465-5555 © Copyright 2016 Indiana Printing & Publishing Company DBA The Indiana Gazette, Indiana, PA Newspaper CMS by CityPortals Redistribution Prohibited. Site Map Search this Site Privacy Statement Terms of Service Switch to New Look
Login Page Archives Les Actualités Breaking News Top of NFC North Crowded For the Wrong Reasons Ottawa Senators GM Pierre Dorion Ready to Discuss Potential Deals at Meetings Tiger-Cats’ Season Ends in the Blink of an Eye vs. Eskimos 4 Ways to Earn an MBA in Canada SoulCycle Coming to Canada with P{lanned Toronto Studio in 2017 lecanadian Canada's socially conscious lifestyle magazine Home business entertainment fashion foodie headline news health Letters · Editorials lifestyle sports UFO · Exopolitics Donald’s Been no Surprise. So How Well do we Know Hillary?: Wells We are spending too much time reaffirming Donald Trump’s MO as an ’80s-era Big Swinging Dick archetype. Once the initial wave of surprise . . . oh, wait. There was no wave of surprise. Trump behaves execrably in the company of, and is accused of sexually assaulting, women. Business journalists who followed Trump closely in the late ’80s and early ’90s do not fall down in stunned amazement upon hearing this news. The Trump story has always been about the crass omnipotence of money and the ability to parlay financial status into sexual power. In this, Trump does not stand apart from a corporate culture in which women were objets (preferably scantily clad) and there was no need to contain crass talk to the mythic locker room. In describing Trump’s groping, octopus-like behaviour toward her, Jessica Leeds told the New York Times that such behaviour was not uncommon in the world of business. “We accepted it for years,” she told the Times. “We were taught it was our fault.” As a representation of this, Trump was an Oreos-eating, elbow through-the-Monet kind of guy, recognizable to anyone who spent much time on Bay Street back in the day. The symmetry that was worth noting was this week’s shuttering of the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. The Taj, which opened in April of 1990, was fodder for never-ending state-of-wonder stories as industry observers predicted defaults on Trump’s $2 billion (U.S.) in bank debt, which did come to pass. The Wall Street Journal reflected in late 1990: “In August, after his lenders were stunned to learn Trump Organization had a projected negative cash flow of over $100 million, close to 90 banks signed off on a deal to give him money and time to work out his problems.” Taj Mahal bondholders had vowed not to let Mr. Trump keep control of the casino after he defaulted on the debt. And yet, noted the Journal, “he persuaded them to do just that.” Serial bankruptcies followed. Corporate raider and Trump ally Carl Icahn took control of the now defunct casino. Trump, aided by the metastasis of reality television, defied expectations that he would have about as much contemporary currency as Ivan Boesky or Michael Milken. That’s the surprise, not his predatory behaviour. Which brings me to Hillary Clinton. Trump’s treatmen of women has not only been a boon to Clinton’s polling numbers, especially among women voters. It has served to soften the examination of the candidate herself. I have gone on at length about the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Clinton’s about-face on that file. This is not about fingering a lie, but in fully understanding the trade position of, potentially, the next president of the United States. It was then-President Bill Clinton who drank the globalization Kool-Aid, dismantling trade barriers to food imports to Haiti, resulting in the dumping of tariff-free American rice on the streets of Port-au-Prince. He would later deem his epic misjudgment a “mistake” and a “devil’s bargain,” telling the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations: “I have to live every day with the consequences of the lost capacity to produce a rice crop in Haiti to feed those people.” Some will undoubtedly argue the unfairness of burdening Hillary Clinton with her husband’s actions. But it’s not so easy to separate one from another. I recall passing through an agricultural landscape in northern Haiti after the 2010 earthquake as rumours grew of another industrial park for garment factories. Hundreds of farmers lost their fields to what became the Caracol Industrial Park, a collaboration between the Clinton Foundation, the Inter-American Development Bank, and the U.S. State Department, under the guidance of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. At the time of those rumours, the locals were talking about the potential for 120,000 jobs. At the time Caracol opened, in the fall of 2012, the target was 60,000. According to US Aid, just 6,200 were employed as of April, 2015. Who wins? A country that should be self-sufficient through agriculture? Or the Haitian business elite, ordering up cheap T-shirts for Wal-Mart, on whose board Hillary Clinton used to sit. It was Secretary of State Clinton who pressured then-President René Préval to accommodate Michel Martelly in a post-earthquake two-person electoral runoff, which resulted in Martelly becoming president. It was UN special envoy Bill Clinton who met with Martelly ally Sean Penn to address the same issue. “Watching the scene,” wrote Edwidge Danticat in The New Yorker last December, “one is again reminded that Haiti’s version of democracy is often decided in small rooms where no Haitians are present.” We should be curious now about those small rooms, or those closed rooms where Clinton would pronounce that, say, financial reform is best left to the industry itself. Who is Hillary Clinton? Donald Trump is a mystery to no one. Jennifer Wells can be reached at jenwells@thestar.ca Read More.. 2016-10-15 admin Previous: Back to School for LeBron? NBA Star Looking at College Next: Greek Yogurt Wanes, While Drinkable Yogurt Rises as Latest Fad About admin Amazon.ca Widgets Popular on The Le Candadian Agora Publishing Consortium Le Journal Canadien Dominion: Food News The Rebellife Magazine LeCanadian.com The Ottawa Star Elections Canada Magazine Singles-Ottawa.com Xcheaters-bistro.com Flirthookup-com.com Tigernewsmedia.com Capitalistocracy.com Trudeausociety.com Jerrytenenbaum.com Nrocrc.com OttawaRestaurantGoers.com Copyright © 2016 by The Canadian. All Rights Reserved.         About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms and Conditions
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Opinion: To reduce the number of deaths from firearms, check the numbers subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Jens Passoth/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Ted Alcorn. Ted Alcorn Science Date of Publication: 10.15.16. 10.15.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am One Great Way to Reduce Gun Violence? A Whole Lot of Data Jens Passoth/Getty Images At their core, data tell stories. They reveal patterns, show changes over time, and confirm or challenge our theories. And in cities across the country, mayors, police chiefs, and other local leaders are turning to data to help them understand and address gun violence, one of the most persistent crises they face. WIRED OPINION About Ted Alcorn (@tedalcorn) is Director of Innovation at Everytown for Gun Safety, the nation’s largest gun violence research and advocacy organization, which recently issued a comprehensive report entitled Strategies for Reducing Gun Violence in American Cities. Innovative, data-driven programs are showing encouraging results. To keep high school students on the right track, the city of Chicago scaled up a school-based program called Becoming a Man for seventh through tenth graders living in neighborhoods with high rates of violence. The students reflect on their life goals, observe how their automatic responses inside school and outside school differ, and learn to slow down and react more thoughtfully to these sometimes divergent social environments. An adaptive behavior on the street, like fighting back to develop a reputation of toughness that could deter future victimization, will be maladaptive in other social situations. To test the impact of the program, the University of Chicago Crime Lab built a rigorous evaluation into its rollout. After two years, they were able to show that participants were 50 percent less likely to be arrested for a violent crime than students in a control group, and those students graduated at a rate 19 percent higher than those who did not participate. This close analysis of the program affords new insight into what makes the program work, and how to enhance it and apply it in other settings. While the Becoming a Man study required significant coordination and planning, sometimes measures as simple as counting can produce remarkable findings. Law enforcement officials have long noted that substantially more illegal guns are recovered from Chicago streets than other large US cities—almost as many as in New York City and Los Angeles combined. And when the Chicago mayor’s office analyzed the sources of those recovered firearms, with help from the University of Chicago Crime Lab, it found that many had been first sold by just a small number of gun dealers in the suburbs of the city. One gun dealer in Lyons, Illinois, alone accounted for 659 guns recovered between 2009 and 2013. When this data came to the attention of the mayor of Lyons, he decided to do something about it. Working with the gun dealer and local law enforcement, he developed a local ordinance for responsible gun sales that requires local shops to comply with several safety measures, including background checks for employees and regular inspections, similar to the Responsible Firearm Retailer Partnership that Mayors Against Illegal Guns (a project of Everytown) developed with Wal-Mart. These types of measures could serve as models far beyond the borders of Lyons. Other communities offer their own examples of how data can provide insights to improve public safety. In Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, an analysis of crime data last year showed that car burglaries were a leading source of reported gun thefts in the city—a trend that cities have been noticing nationwide. To better keep guns out of dangerous hands, a local criminal justice agency responded by designing a public information campaign that encourages car owners to lock their cars to protect guns and other valuables from theft, and it’s drawn the attention of both law enforcement and the public to this often-ignored source of guns used in crimes. Related Stories America’s Got a Gun Addiction. These Numbers Prove It An Intriguing Link Between Police Shootings and Black Voter Registration What an AR-15 Can Do to the Human Body In Milwaukee, Wisconsin, city and law enforcement leaders have convened regularly for more than a decade as part of the Milwaukee Homicide Review Commission, which studies each of the city’s shootings and sifts them for patterns that can be turned into prevention strategies. In 2006, the commission noted that 10 of the city’s killings in the first six months of the year—about one-tenth of all murders in the city at the time—had followed a dispute at one of the city’s bars. Acting on this information, the city passed a new rule requiring bars to install security cameras after three crime-related police service calls, and homicides at or near bars dropped significantly in the years that followed. Programs like these will not end gun violence on their own. Cities face an uphill battle while a loophole in our federal gun laws continues to enable criminals to easily buy guns from unlicensed sellers—including strangers they meet at gun shows and online—without a background check. But even with this challenging backdrop, communities large and small are making strides that are saving lives, and they must continue to do so. In September, people involved in each of the examples above participated in the Data for Good Exchange, a conference that brings together innovators from cities across the country to discuss the novel uses of data driving a number of public interest programs. As officials in Chicago, Lyons, Milwaukee and Lafayette Parish know, we must refuse to accept our urban gun violence crisis as unsolvable. The data show us that it isn’t. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. gun control gun violence National Affairs Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 23 hours First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission trailers First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission 11 hours On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free aviation On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free 11 hours How to Block the Ultrasonic Signals You Didn’t Know Were Tracking You Privacy How to Block the Ultrasonic Signals You Didn’t Know Were Tracking You 11.03.16 NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? Gaming NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? 2 days Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America Liz Stinson Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America 19 hours Security News This Week: What Trump’s Win Means for Cybersecurity security news this week Security News This Week: What Trump’s Win Means for Cybersecurity 2 days Barack Obama Talks AI, Robo-Cars, and the Future of the World frontiers Barack Obama Talks AI, Robo-Cars, and the Future of the World 10.12.16 More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Science physics What Sonic Black Holes Say About the Real Deal 19 hours Photo Gallery Space Photos of the Week: Galaxies Givin’ You the Stink Eye 2 days physics The Physics of Nutballs Somersaulting in an Indoor Skydiving Tube 10.10.16 physics Maybe Quicksilver Doesn’t Have Super-Speed—He Might Warp Time 3 days Health To Build A Viable HIV Vaccine, Start from the Molecule Up 3 days National Affairs A US Judge May Sentence Wannabe Terrorists to ‘Deradicalization’ 9 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines Contact Us Pregnancy Center of Rome changes name with addition of ultrasound. Grand opening event to feature a ‘Tebow’ guest. Posted on October 15, 2016 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments This slideshow requires JavaScript. By Natalie Simms nsimmshh@att.net The Pregnancy Center of Rome has a new name to reflect its new services. Now known as Haven Health Clinic for Women, the organization now offers ultrasound services in addition to its traditional pregnancy testing and counseling services offered for the last 30 years. “We started as the Crisis Pregnancy Center in 1986 and later changed the name to just the Pregnancy Center of Rome. And now we’re Haven Health Clinic for Women. We thought with it being our 30th anniversary and the addition of new ultrasound equipment, now was the time to change our name to reflect our new services,” says Loresa Heyward, director. The center has always offered free pregnancy tests and counseling for women to understand their options whether they received a positive or negative test result according to Heyward. “We counsel them because many are dealing with so many emotions if they are unexpectedly pregnant or maybe want to be (pregnant) and aren’t,” she says. “For an abortion-minded woman, many come in thinking we do abortions, but we don’t. We simply counsel them and educate these women on all of their options including becoming a parent, adoption and what’s involved in an abortion. Many women don’t know what they are doing when they consider abortion. “We have found that if these abortion-minded women have an ultrasound at 8 weeks pregnant and see the heartbeat and realize there is a life there, its not just tissue, about 85% of them will change their mind after the ultrasound.” To address this need, the center has converted to a medical clinic versus a counseling center only and will soon be offering free ultrasounds. “We purchased an ultrasound machine and we thought now was a wonderful time to change our name. We are now Haven Health Clinic because we are a safe place for women to come. All information is confidential and they can come get encouragement and support,” says Heyward. Haven Health now has a part-time Nurse Manager who will be managing a staff of four volunteer sonographers that include registered nurses and one physician. The clinic also has a medical team that includes an overseeing physician and radiologist. “Our training begins on Monday and our sonographers will be training for the next two weeks to be certified. We need at least 50 volunteers of pregnant women between 6 and 24 weeks to come in for a free ultrasound. We will give each a picture of their ultrasound and they will be entered to win one of three $100 Walmart gift cards,” says Heyward. Appointments are open Oct. 18-27. Call 706-235-6833 to schedule. Pam and Tim Tebow (Google photo) To celebrate their new services and name change, Haven Health will host a special ribbon cutting and grand opening event on Friday, Nov. 4 at 11 a.m. featuring a very special guest. Pam Tebow, mother of famed athlete Tim Tebow, will be in Rome for the festivities. “Pam Tebow is a very strong pro-life advocate and she will be here to share her story of how doctors wanted her to abort Timmy, but she didn’t support abortion and made the decision to have the baby and look at him today,” she says. The event is free and open to the public. Parking will be available at the Redmond Office Park at 311 Redmond Road or across the street at the vacant church parking lot. In case of rain, the event will be moved to West Rome Baptist Church at The Well. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Bartow, Buzz, Gordon, Health, Polk ← AJC: Kobe Thomas was trying to jump the car to imitate NBA star Kobe Bryant. Police report released Friday gives more detail on accident. Heritage First Headlines: Pregnancy Center changes names with plans for a ‘Tebow’ visit to Rome. Police report release in Kobe Thomas death. Drought update. Weekend guide. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 44° Haze Tomorrow is forecast to be Warmer than today. Sunday 11/13 10% High 65° / Low 37° Clear Mostly clear. Lows overnight in the upper 30s. Monday 11/14 10% High 70° / Low 38° Clear Sunny skies. High around 70F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Tuesday 11/15 10% High 71° / Low 43° Partly Cloudy Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High 71F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Copyright © 2016 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
birminghammailLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Local News Midlands News UK News Homes and Property Politics Crime Education Business Nostalgia Showbiz Health MotorsExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Theatre Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Shopping CompetitionsExpand Villa Blues Albion Sport Latest Sport Aston Villa Birmingham City West Brom Wolves Football Rugby Cricket Other Sport National Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Nostalgia Celebs & TV Quizzes Food & Drink In Your Area Birmingham City Centre Bournville Digbeth Dudley Kings Heath Lichfield Moseley Solihull North Solihull South Sutton Coldfield Tamworth Walsall West Bromwich Wolverhampton See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Cashback Dating BuySell Book an Ad Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Shopping Birmingham What's On 15 high street stores we have loved and lost Your trip to town would have involved withdrawing cash from Midland Bank and buying pick'n'mix from Woolworths once upon a time  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 10:00, 15 OCT 2016 Updated15:54, 7 OCT 2016 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email BHS has become the latest store to disappear from the British high street, following a long line of retailers who have shut up shop in Birmingham and beyond. While the iconic staple of your weekend shopping trip will live on as an online retailer, the closure of British Home Stores serves as a reminder of the legendary shops our high street has lost in the past few decades. Your trip to town once upon a time may have involved you withdrawing some money from Midland Bank, after queuing of course, before a trip to get your pick'n'mix from Woolworths, or a VHS tape from Blockbuster. So, what happened to these and other shops whose logos once dominated our high streets? We take a look at just 15 which we have loved and lost. Woolworths Woolworths in the Pallasades in October 1991 Originally founded in the USA, Woolworths opened its first UK branch back in 1909. The retailer lasted a century, too, but the company entered administration in the late-noughties and 2009 saw the closure of its last branch, in Glasgow. Around 30,000 people lost their jobs, and scores of Birmingham residents lost their go-to place for everything from hardware to boiled sweets, and from records to toys. Read More Look: How Birmingham has transformed over the years on Google Street View BHS The BHS store with 50 per cent off signs (Photo: Graham Young) BHS went bust earlier this summer, with scores of workers losing their jobs across the nation. But while British Home Stores may not feature on our high streets anymore, the retailer will live on online, it has been confirmed. BHS.com opened for business in the UK on September 29 and over the weeks ahead is set to add new ranges to its offering including kitchen and dining ware and clothing. The new BHS, which will be based in London, has 84 employees – the majority of whom worked for the retailer before it went into administration. Read More BHS to launch as online retailer Blockbuster A Blockbuster video store The only place to get your hands on a VHS tape for a night in with your other half, mates, or family. Sure, you may have been drawn into an argument ("I want to watch Coyote Ugly", "Are you kidding? We're watching Godzilla!") but those squabbles still exist today with Netflix and Amazon Prime. Unlike the modern day streaming services and on-demand options, though, Blockbuster recalls a bygone era. Ah, we're getting nostalgic just think about it... Lewis's Lewis’s was a trusted department store in Birmingham, having first been established in 1885. Some will say the store had the best Christmas grotto in town, which famously include an amazing Alice in Wonderland grotto where little shoppers could slide down into Wonderland. It also boasted a pet shop and a roof garden. Even though the shop closed in 1991, people still continue to refer to the Lewis’s building when offering directions. Radio Rentals This is perhaps not a surprise. Radio Rentals - which catered for an increasing demand across the country for radio systems - took off in the late-1970s. Expanding during the technology boom to cater for television and video cassette demand, Radio Rentals was gradually phased out after being rolled into the TV and domestic appliance rental firm BoxClever. And, if you really miss, there's good news: Radio Rentals remains a brand name in Australia, so all you need to do is a book a flight to the southern hemisphere, folks. C&A Crowds of people rushing through the doors of the new C&A store on the day it opened in 1971. (Photo: Mirrorpix) The chances are you have been dragged kicking and screaming into a C&A by your parents. Don't worry, though, we've all been there. The Dutch chain of fashion retail clothing stores operated outlets across the UK and Europe, but it has been slowly withdrawing from certain national markets since the early-2000s. Your trip to C&A may seem like yesterday - but, remarkably, the last UK retail store closed in 2001. Thankfully, Primark bought 11 of the C&A stores, saving jobs in the process. Read More Apple store in Bullring to close Music Zone New York rock band Taking Back Sunday signed CDs for fans at Music Zone in Bull St back in 2008 A chain specialising in physical copies of DVDs and music, Music Zone boasted a store in Bull Street, and even hosted a series of personal appearances by bands. Unfortunately, the popular retailer was dealt a blow in 2007 and shut down, blaming aggressive pricing across the DVD and music market. Midland Bank The former Midland Bank in Bennetts Hill Midland Bank Plc - initially founded as the Birmingham and Midland Bank in Union Street, Birmingham - was one of the Big Four banking groups in the UK for most of the 20th century. It is now part of HSBC. The bank was founded in 1836 and expanded across the Midlands, before merging with the Central Bank of London Ltd. in the late 1800s. By the 1930s, it was the largest deposit bank in the world but was taken over by HSBC Holdings plc in 1992, who phased out the Midland Bank name in 1999. Read More 21 reasons why Birmingham was great in the 90s Tammy Girl People shopping in Bullring Birmingham Tammy was a British girls' fashion store chain, purchased by and incorporated into BHS stores after 2005. You probably remember it as a pre-teen girls' dream, offering all the latest fashion styles and lines at relatively affordable prices. Littlewoods A closed Littlewoods store Littlewoods was a retail and football betting company founded in Merseyside, which began life in 1923 as a football pools firm. It grew to become the largest private company in Europe by the 1980s, but declined in the face of increased competition from rivals and the rise of the internet. At its zenith, there were about 22,000 employees working at Littlewoods and, for a time, it was the largest family-owned firm in the UK. Netto Netto supermarket in Dudley You may head to Lidl and Aldi for a budget supermarket these days - but that didn't always have to be the case. Indeed, at one stage, you could opt for Netto rather than the German duo. Arriving in Britain back in the 1990s, the Denmark-spawned supermarket operated 193 stores before it was sold to Asda, which is owned by US retail giant Walmart, six years ago. In June 2014, Dansk Supermarked returned Netto to the UK as part of a joint venture with Sainsbury's. Sadly, though, two years down the line and the brand name is no more:the two companies announced they would end the joint venture and closed all its stores earlier this year. Read More Remember C&A or Chelsea Girl? 33 Birmingham shops you used to love Safeway Safeway And before you went to Morrisons, the chances are you were a fan of Safeways. It has been 11 years now since the retailer was sold off to Morrisons and re-branded, but we remember its aisles and stores all too well. The retailer operated a whopping 479 convenience stores and supermarkets in the UK at one stage, and the majority of these went into Morrisons, which was a smaller operator, owning roughly a quarter of the number of Safeway stores at the time. How times change. Virgin Megastore Virgin Megastore was a staple of Birmingham, with music fans heading to the shop to pick up great albums - from Oasis' Definitely Maybe and Blur's Parklife, to Radiohead's OK Computer. Unfortunately, the lack of demand for CDs and physical copies has led to its extinction - but the shop had a decent run, didn't it? Read More As BHS collapses, we remember the big stores we've loved and lost in Birmingham SockShop Just like TieRack, SockShop took the notion that you were unable to create a store selling merely only one type of clothing item and made a mockery of it. Founded in 1983, the store was created by Sophie Mirman, who stated: "People should be able to buy socks and stockings as easily as they buy newspapers." How on Earth didn't it survive? Well, funny you should ask, because it actually DID survive. Yes, it may seem crazy, but SockShop is still an online retailer. Who'd have thought? Beattie's This traditional shop had grown from a small drapery business in Wolverhampton into a national department store with an excellent reputation for customer service. It was taken over by House of Fraser in 2006. Read More Shopping in the city New shops in Birmingham Parking in the city Free parking spots IKEA opens new store in Birmingham Biggest M&S in the Midlands Inside Birmingham's new Primark Shopping at Resorts World site Discount Kurt Geiger store opens 5 new indies you have to visit 26 fab indie shops in city centre Bullring mirror ban Pavilions closes Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Comments Show more comments More On Amazon Apple Asda Google Morrisons Sainsbury's Bullring Oasis Wolverhampton Employment Birmingham whats-on all Most Read Most Recent ChristmasYou can now get Gin advent calendars to count down to Christmas You can now buy an advent calender filled with 24 different gins ChristmasKFC launches first EVER Christmas burger - and here's what you can expect Popular chain has mashed up its signature chicken with a festive dinner ChristmasM&S Christmas advert: How Mrs Claus actress Janet McTeer got her big break in Birmingham TV show Oscar-nominated actress Janet McTeer's first TV hit was filmed in the city German Market BirminghamBirmingham’s German Market is back for 2016 - and will be staying over Christmas for the first time ever The gluhwein will be flowing for a lot longer this year as event gets new extended dates Food & DrinkThe Fox pub in Walmley to become new Stonehouse Pizza and Carvery Sutton Coldfield pub closes this weekend for refurbishment Ricoh ArenaBananarama, Paul Young, Kim Wilde and more 80s stars to perform at Ricoh Arena Spandau Ballet's Tony Hadley, Go West, Nik Kershaw and T'Pau are also at StepBack concert I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of HereI’m A Celebrity: Scarlett Moffatt and Larry Lamb proving popular with Brummies The canoe rescue scene has given the pair some fans on social media already Black FridayWhen is Black Friday 2016 in Birmingham? The mad shopping day where you can get bargains galore will return - will you be taking part? ChristmasChampagne vending machine hands out FREE bottles of Moet to drinkers It may sound like something out of a billionaire's fantasy - but it's true ChristmasKFC launches first EVER Christmas burger - and here's what you can expect Popular chain has mashed up its signature chicken with a festive dinner Most Read Most Recent AmazonLive: Amazon's huge Rugeley warehouse on fire weeks before Christmas More than 1,000 workers evacuated in 2am blaze Birmingham City CouncilWhich speed camera caught almost 5,000 drivers in just a month? Police finally release information after eight sites turned on in city DudleyWatch bus pranksters drive passengers mad on National Express West Midlands Lying in door for 10 minutes leaves travellers fuming AmazonPolice investigating cause of fire at Amazon's giant Rugeley depot Forensics teams examine the scene in hunt for clues Aston Villa FCAston Villa news digest: Tony Xia frustrated at Financial Fair Play rules; Villa could net millions in compensation for HS2 All the latest claret and blue news Love Your neighbourWhat is Birmingham's Love Your Neighbour Week of Kindness? Find out about Birmingham's inspiring week in which people are doing acts of kindness and getting to know their neighbours better Love Your neighbourLove Your Neighbour: Why we are backing the Week of Kindness It's Birmingham's #loveyourneighbour Week of Kindness. We are featuring some of your amazing neighbours throughout the week Ricoh ArenaBananarama, Paul Young, Kim Wilde and more 80s stars to perform at Ricoh Arena Spandau Ballet's Tony Hadley, Go West, Nik Kershaw and T'Pau are also at StepBack concert Midlands traffic and travelBirmingham Mail news live: Breaking news, travel and weather across the Midlands and the M6 on November 14 All the latest news updates throughout the day BusinessNew director at Investec Wealth Terry Michael joins seven-strong team of wealth management firm in Birmingham Top Stories DudleyWatch bus pranksters drive passengers mad in Birmingham Lying in door for 10 minutes leaves travellers fuming AmazonPolice investigating cause of fire at Amazon's giant Rugeley depot Forensics teams examine the scene in hunt for clues Birmingham City CouncilWhich speed camera caught almost 5,000 drivers in just a month? Police finally release information after eight sites turned on in city Birmingham RestaurantsFood poisoning expert reveals six foods he NEVER eats - and he says you should avoid them too The items which scare the expert most have been revealed - and some may surprise you West Midlands PolicePensioner charged after three-year-old killed on Chester Road Poppy Clarke was crossing the street with her mother Armed ForcesBirmingham remembers the fallen on Remembrance Sunday Hundreds attend city centre commemorations TescoMum blasts Tesco after supermarket refuses her free parking voucher after baby formula milk purchase Shocked mother takes to social media to criticise supermarket giant's handling of incident Aston Villa FCAston Villa supporters plan tribute for tragic young fan Aston Soulsby at Brighton & Hove Albion Villa mad schoolboy died on Wednesday in Wednesbury ChristmasDying dad given final Christmas party as he ticks off bucket list He's also flown a stunt plane, climbed up Snowdon, met his music hero and had a star named just for him Castle BromwichBurglar jailed - after leaving his TOOTH in victim's dirty washing Thug Lee Francis bit pensioner so hard he fractured his finger AmazonAmazon warehouse in Rugeley hit by two fires in a week Fires will not impact on Christmas deliveries says Amazon ErdingtonTears as Birmingham City fan Claire McKenzie killed in hit-run crash She was 'life and soul of the party', say devastated pals News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Feedback Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sell Your Story Bands Directory © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. 15 high street stores we have loved and lost Birmingham Mail 15/10/2016 By James Rodger BHS has become the latest store to disappear from the British high street, following a long line of retailers who have shut up shop in Birmingham and beyond. While the iconic staple of your weekend shopping trip will live on as an online retailer, the closure of British Home Stores serves as a reminder of the legendary shops our high street has lost in the past few decades. Your trip to town once upon a time may have involved you withdrawing some money from Midland Bank, after queuing of course, before a trip to get your pick'n'mix from Woolworths, or a VHS tape from Blockbuster. So, what happened to these and other shops whose logos once dominated our high streets? We take a look at just 15 which we have loved and lost. Originally founded in the USA, Woolworths opened its first UK branch back in 1909. © Provided by Birmingham Mail The retailer lasted a century, too, but the company entered administration in the late-noughties and 2009 saw the closure of its last branch, in Glasgow. Around 30,000 people lost their jobs, and scores of Birmingham residents lost their go-to place for everything from hardware to boiled sweets, and from records to toys. Look: How Birmingham has transformed over the years on Google Street View BHS went bust earlier this summer, with scores of workers losing their jobs across the nation. But while British Home Stores may not feature on our high streets anymore, the retailer will live on online, it has been confirmed. BHS.com opened for business in the UK on September 29 and over the weeks ahead is set to add new ranges to its offering including kitchen and dining ware and clothing. The new BHS, which will be based in London, has 84 employees – the majority of whom worked for the retailer before it went into administration. BHS to launch as online retailer The only place to get your hands on a VHS tape for a night in with your other half, mates, or family. Sure, you may have been drawn into an argument ("I want to watch Coyote Ugly", "Are you kidding? We're watching Godzilla!") but those squabbles still exist today with Netflix and Amazon Prime. Unlike the modern day streaming services and on-demand options, though, Blockbuster recalls a bygone era. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Ah, we're getting nostalgic just think about it... Lewis’s was a trusted department store in Birmingham, having first been established in 1885. Some will say the store had the best Christmas grotto in town, which famously include an amazing Alice in Wonderland grotto where little shoppers could slide down into Wonderland. It also boasted a pet shop and a roof garden. Even though the shop closed in 1991, people still continue to refer to the Lewis’s building when offering directions. This is perhaps not a surprise. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Radio Rentals - which catered for an increasing demand across the country for radio systems - took off in the late-1970s. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Expanding during the technology boom to cater for television and video cassette demand, Radio Rentals was gradually phased out after being rolled into the TV and domestic appliance rental firm BoxClever. And, if you really miss, there's good news: Radio Rentals remains a brand name in Australia, so all you need to do is a book a flight to the southern hemisphere, folks. The chances are you have been dragged kicking and screaming into a C&A by your parents. Don't worry, though, we've all been there. The Dutch chain of fashion retail clothing stores operated outlets across the UK and Europe, but it has been slowly withdrawing from certain national markets since the early-2000s. Your trip to C&A may seem like yesterday - but, remarkably, the last UK retail store closed in 2001. Thankfully, Primark bought 11 of the C&A stores, saving jobs in the process. Apple store in Bullring to close © Provided by Birmingham Mail A chain specialising in physical copies of DVDs and music, Music Zone boasted a store in Bull Street, and even hosted a series of personal appearances by bands. Unfortunately, the popular retailer was dealt a blow in 2007 and shut down, blaming aggressive pricing across the DVD and music market. Midland Bank Plc - initially founded as the Birmingham and Midland Bank in Union Street, Birmingham - was one of the Big Four banking groups in the UK for most of the 20th century. It is now part of HSBC. The bank was founded in 1836 and expanded across the Midlands, before merging with the Central Bank of London Ltd. in the late 1800s. By the 1930s, it was the largest deposit bank in the world but was taken over by HSBC Holdings plc in 1992, who phased out the Midland Bank name in 1999. 21 reasons why Birmingham was great in the 90s Tammy was a British girls' fashion store chain, purchased by and incorporated into BHS stores after 2005. You probably remember it as a pre-teen girls' dream, offering all the latest fashion styles and lines at relatively affordable prices. Littlewoods was a retail and football betting company founded in Merseyside, which began life in 1923 as a football pools firm. It grew to become the largest private company in Europe by the 1980s, but declined in the face of increased competition from rivals and the rise of the internet. At its zenith, there were about 22,000 employees working at Littlewoods and, for a time, it was the largest family-owned firm in the UK. You may head to Lidl and Aldi for a budget supermarket these days - but that didn't always have to be the case. Indeed, at one stage, you could opt for Netto rather than the German duo. Arriving in Britain back in the 1990s, the Denmark-spawned supermarket operated 193 stores before it was sold to Asda, which is owned by US retail giant Walmart, six years ago. In June 2014, Dansk Supermarked returned Netto to the UK as part of a joint venture with Sainsbury's. Sadly, though, two years down the line and the brand name is no more:the two companies announced they would end the joint venture and closed all its stores earlier this year. Remember C&A or Chelsea Girl? 33 Birmingham shops you used to love © Provided by Birmingham Mail And before you went to Morrisons, the chances are you were a fan of Safeways. © Provided by Birmingham Mail © Provided by Birmingham Mail It has been 11 years now since the retailer was sold off to Morrisons and re-branded, but we remember its aisles and stores all too well. The retailer operated a whopping 479 convenience stores and supermarkets in the UK at one stage, and the majority of these went into Morrisons, which was a smaller operator, owning roughly a quarter of the number of Safeway stores at the time. How times change. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Virgin Megastore was a staple of Birmingham, with music fans heading to the shop to pick up great albums - from Oasis' Definitely Maybe and Blur's Parklife, to Radiohead's OK Computer. Unfortunately, the lack of demand for CDs and physical copies has led to its extinction - but the shop had a decent run, didn't it? © Provided by Birmingham Mail © Provided by Birmingham Mail As BHS collapses, we remember the big stores we've loved and lost in Birmingham Just like TieRack, SockShop took the notion that you were unable to create a store selling merely only one type of clothing item and made a mockery of it. Founded in 1983, the store was created by Sophie Mirman, who stated: "People should be able to buy socks and stockings as easily as they buy newspapers." How on Earth didn't it survive? © Provided by Birmingham Mail Well, funny you should ask, because it actually DID survive. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Yes, it may seem crazy, but SockShop is still an online retailer. © Provided by Birmingham Mail Who'd have thought? This traditional shop had grown from a small drapery business in Wolverhampton into a national department store with an excellent reputation for customer service. It was taken over by House of Fraser in 2006. Go to MSN Home More in News Hunt for prisoners ‘at risk to public’ after they flee jail Mirror Second tremor hits NZ hours after deadly quake kills two Mirror NHS plans involving hospital closures 'kept secret from public' Press Association Theresa May sets out stall for UK's place in Trump’s world The Guardian Diabetic grandmother dies after Chinese 'slap treatment' The Telegraph London-bound flight forced to land after stork-hit Evening Standard Up Next May faces Cabinet pressure over Trump-Farage ties International Business Times More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Birmingham Mail What is Birmingham's Love Your Neighbour Week of Kindness? Birmingham Mail Love Your Neighbour: Why we are backing the Week of Kindness Birmingham Mail New director at Investec Wealth Birmingham Mail Birmingham International sports new £1m revamp Birmingham Mail Birmingham Mail More from Birmingham Mail Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
null
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Vernal man charged with defrauding investor in trucking app By Ben LockhartDeseret News@benlockhart89 Published: Oct. 14, 2016 10:10 p.m. Updated: Oct. 15, 2016 2:43 p.m. + Leave a comment VERNAL — A Vernal man was charged Friday with defrauding his employer by convincing him to invest $65,000 in a trucking app, but spending only about a quarter of that amount developing it. Courtney Blaine Pierce, 40, was charged in 8th District Court with securities fraud and theft, second-degree felonies. Pierce approached his employer in May 2014 and talked to him about an app he wanted to develop that "would allow trucking companies to bid on projects," charging documents state. "The projects would involve moving oil drilling equipment from one site to another." Pierce allegedly told the man that he and his wife would receive 50 percent ownership of the company that housed the app and promised about $10 million per year in profits. He claimed to his employer that the investment would be returned in full within three months and that about 100 companies were expected to purchase the app, according to the charges. The victim was never registered as a part of BizPatch, LLC, the company in question, court documents allege. Police say the man made payments of $35,000 and $30,000 in June and August 2014. But instead of putting the money into the BizPatch account, Pierce's charges say he deposited it into a personal account. About $44,441 of that amount was spent on golf, purchases at Wal-Mart, cellphone and utility bills, travel, dining, gas and ATM withdrawals, the charges state. Only about $16,500 was "invested for expenses that could have been related to developing the app," police and prosecutors wrote. State court records indicate Pierce has no prior criminal history in Utah. Email: blockhart@deseretnews.com Twitter: benlockhartnews + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Utah yesterday Summit explores ways to move forward from divisive election Sponsored by Owlet 6 ways being a parent today is different than 50 years ago Utah 4 hours ago University of Utah project provides free family planning to women The PopuList 1 6 ways being a parent today is different than 50 years ago 2 Pearl Harbor survivor plans to return to Hawaii 75 years after attack 3 How to Train Your Dragon author shares importance of reading and creating 4 U.S. Capitol Christmas tree to make stop in Ogden 5 Utah voters side with Trump View all for Utah most Commented 114 Thousands march to Capitol to protest Trump being elected president 84 'Shared grief' draws hundreds to anti-Trump gathering in Salt Lake City 71 Utah voters side with Trump 44 Salt Lake City hosts another Trump protest 37 Governor decries 'numerous reports' of student harassment since Election Day 24 Photos: Copper Hills students protest Trump's election 20 Pray for Trump, LDS leaders say as voters pass 3 of 4 initiatives opposed by church 19 How will Utah fare under President Trump? Monday, November, 14, 2016 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2016 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Sign In Log Out TV TV Recaps Movies Music Books Gaming Video The Walking Dead Westworld Quantico Once Upon a Time The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Real Housewives of Atlanta See All Recaps Shop Newsletter EW PopFest Nick Jonas, Janelle Monae, James Corden and more at EW's ultimate pop culture festival. Get Tickets SUBSCRIBE Get 1 year for $25 Save 86% off the cover price! SUBSCRIBE More Great Stuff EW Popfest Fall TV Preview Hulu Hot List Jess Cagle Interview Celeb Blogs Stage Follow EW EW on Facebook EW on Twitter EW on Tumblr EW on Instagram About EW Contact Us Customer Service About Us Jobs at Time Inc. Advertise Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Newsletters Subscribe Terms of Service Site Map Copyright @2015 Entertainment Weekly Inc. All rights reserved. Login Log out TV TV Recaps Movies Music Books Gaming Video More... TV This Week's Cover: CW superheroe... Movies 'Beauty and the Beast': See 9 En... News EW PopFest: See the Photos Rank Your Top 20 SuperHeroes TV 'Gilmore Girls': A Binge Guide... TV Celebrities Getting Out the Vote Movies All in the Family: 15 Actors Who... TV The 20 Greatest TV Couples of Al... News Michelle Obama’s 10 Best Pop Cul... TV 'This Is Us': Before They Were... Music Every U2 Album, Ranked TV The Evolution of 'Modern Family' Movies Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Thr... TV 22 holiday movies Hallmark is pr... Movies Paul Walker Through The Years News Election 2016: See Celebrities'... Movies See the Voices Behind Your Favor... TV John Oliver's Best Takedowns of... Movies 10 Movies to See Before 2017 TV 9 of the Best 'Wheel of Fortune'... News Tracy Morgan returns to Dover Downs two years after car accident 'Miss you Jimmy Mack,' the comedian says of his late friend by Oliver Gettell • @ogettell Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr (Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic) Posted October 14 2016 — 10:58 PM EDT See also Tracy Morgan on 'Saturday Night Live' cast: 'They inspired me so much' Maisie Williams, Tracy Morgan, and more Emmy nominees react on Twitter Comedian Tracy Morgan made an emotional return to the Dover Downs Hotel & Casino on Friday evening, two years after the car accident that left him in a coma and killed his friend James “Jimmy Mack” McNair following a performance at the venue. In a photo posted to Instagram before his set, Morgan is seen kneeling, clasping his hands, and bowing his head over an empty chair marked with a gold bow. The caption reads, “Back @ DoverDowns. Miss you Jimmy Mack. Tonight will be magical.” In June 2014, the morning after a gig at the Delaware venue, Morgan, McNair, and other passengers were traveling in a limousine van when a Walmart truck struck their vehicle from behind on the New Jersey Turnpike. The crash killed McNair and seriously injured Morgan and three other passengers. The Saturday Night Live and 30 Rock veteran settled a lawsuit against Walmart in May 2015, and he first returned to the stand-up stage just over a year ago.   Back @ DoverDowns. Miss you Jimmy Mack. Tonight will be magical. A photo posted by Tracy Morgan (@realtracymorgan) on Oct 14, 2016 at 5:48pm PDT Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Top Stories 'Westworld': Jeffrey Wright on that episode 7 shock 'Westworld' producers on that huge revelation and brutal scene John Oliver on Trump's election win: 'What the f--- do we do now?' 'Quantico' showrunner talks torture scenes, Owen's future 'The Walking Dead': Sneak peek shows Michonne and Carl 'The Walking Dead': Andrew Lincoln explains Rick's huge revelation 'Westworld' recap: Episode 7 Photo Galleries See 'Harry Potter' Stars' Life Beyond Hogwarts This Is What the 1951 'An American in Paris' Premiere Looked Like 42 Photos of Leonardo DiCaprio For His 42nd Birthday ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them': See the Premiere Photos All In The Family: Inside DC’s Ultimate Superhero Crossover Brittany Murphy Through The Years John and Yoko in Their Own Words From Our Partners From Our Partners Contact Us Customer Service About Us Jobs at Time Inc. Advertise Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Newsletters Subscribe Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 2016 Entertainment Weekly Inc. All rights reserved.
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-13 Dave Chappelle Comeback? Fans Hoping ‘Saturday Night Live’ Appearance Leads To A New Comedy Show For Chappelle Entertainment 2016-11-13 Kate McKinnon Performs Leonard Cohen’s ‘Hallelujah’ In ‘Somber’ SNL Opener [Video] Entertainment 2016-11-13 ‘Doctor Foster’ A Great Show On Netflix That You Aren’t Watching Entertainment 2016-11-13 American Music Awards 2016: Complete List Of 2016 AMA Nominees News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 President-Elect Trump Reminds All That Voters Felt Big ‘Let Down’ On Jobs, War, Corruption News 2016-11-14 Anti-Trump Protest ‘Rape Melania’ Sign Pic Goes Viral, Sparks Twitter Trend And Outrage [Video] News 2016-11-14 ‘#AssasinateTrump’ Hashtag Blows Up Twitter, Secret Service Clamping Down On All Possible Threats News 2016-11-13 Latest Wikileaks News: Whistleblower Site Claims It Did Not Support Any Particular Candidate, Suggests Files On War And Possible War Crimes May Be Released Soon Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Overwatch’ Strike: Crispin Freeman Talks Negotiation With Activision, EA, & More Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 Fun Facts About Redheads SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 95-Year-Old Man Killed, Elderly Wife Critically Injured: Massachusetts Couple Held Without Bail In Home Invasion Death Crime 1 0 0 October 14, 2016 95-Year-Old Man Killed, Elderly Wife Critically Injured: Massachusetts Couple Held Without Bail In Home Invasion Death Jennifer Pfalz A 95-year-old man described as active and energetic was stabbed to death in Massachusetts during an Oct. 5 home invasion. The two people charged in the crime were arraigned today, and the judge ordered that both be held without bail. Neither suspects’ attorneys requested that bail be set. During separate arraignments in Orange District Court on Friday, not guilty pleas were entered to multiple charges, including attempted murder and murder, on the behalf of both charged for the home invasion that ended with a 95-year-old man being killed. Suspects Joshua Hart and Brittany Smith both hail from Athol, Massachusetts Brittany Smith appears in court Oct. 14. [Image by Dave Roback/The Republican via AP, Pool] According to WCVB, Smith, 27, and Hart, 23, are charged with murdering Thomas Harty and causing serious injury to his wife, Joanna Fisher, 77, who was confined to a wheelchair, says MassLive. The crimes occurred in Orange, Massachusetts, on Oct. 5, as Harty and Fisher watched television. According to a statement of alleged facts released by the office of Northwestern District Attorney David Sullivan, Hart and Smith spied Harty through a window, then burst into the home, and immediately attacked him with a knife. Smith went to Fisher, hitting her and knocking her out of her wheelchair unto the floor, where her throat was cut by Smith, who also tried to suffocate her. Prosecutors believe the motive for the home invasion was to procure money and a car so that Hart could flee the state to avoid being arrested for an unrelated crime. For her part, Smith wanted to leave the area to avoid a drug treatment program. Both were looking to begin a new life. The two were looking in particular for a car without GPS, so they could not be tracked. They left the home with a cell phone, credit cards, and cash, and found inside the elderly couple’s 2003 station wagon. <noscript><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/utwLS6OCUD4" width="853" height="480" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></noscript> Assistant District Attorney Jeremy Bucci gave a statement regarding the home invasion that resulted in the death of a 95-year-old man. “The plan was devised to allow them to escape and start a new life.” All told, Smith and Hart were in the Harty/Fisher home for approximately two hours. When they left the residence, Harty had been beaten and stabbed, and then suffocated. Fisher was able to crawl her way to the phone, only to find it had been disabled, and the alleged murderers had stolen the cell phone of the 95-year-old man. The statement of allegations published by MassLive say Fisher was forced to remain inside of the home until health care workers, who had been previously scheduled to visit the home, arrived at approximately 9 a.m. the next morning. After they called for help, Fisher was taken to Worcester’s University of Massachusetts Medical Center. Fisher remains hospitalized, according to MassLive, as she recovers from being beaten, nearly suffocated, and sustaining a cut to the throat. WCBV reports a credit card stolen from the 95-year-old man was used within hours of the home invasion at a Walmart in Worcester, but the transaction was denied. The sale was then completed with Fisher’s debit card. Investigators found a surveillance video, a crucial investigative tool, which was also useful in this crime, as reported by Inquisitr, on which a car matching the one stolen in the home invasion was seen in the parking lot, and Smith and Hart were seen inside the store shopping together. The two alleged murderers were arrested in Rockbridge County, Virginia. They were discovered inside a rental truck parked outside of a Walmart on Oct. 7. Court documents reveal Hart admitted to bringing a knife to the home and murdering the 95-year-old man. He also said that he tried to help Smith suffocate Fisher. Smith admitted that she had worked with Hart. They will both remain in jail until a second court date in December. If convicted of murder, the mandatory sentence is life in prison with no chance of parole. [Featured Image by Dave Roback/The Republican via AP, Pool] Now Watch This: Burglars Break Into Home While Owners Asleep On Couch Now Read This: Christian Dillard: Maryland Man Stabs Own Children After Sexually Assaulting Ex Girlfriend Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jennifer Pfalz Tags: 95-year-old, Massachusetts Crime, murder Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE Reportedly ‘Very Interested’ In Signing UFC Star Conor McGregor ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Preview: Shane McMahon, Daniel Bryan, Brock Lesnar And Bill Goldberg President-Elect Trump Reminds All That Voters Felt Big ‘Let Down’ On Jobs, War, Corruption Josh Duggar Will Talk Politics With You If You Buy A Used Car From Him ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Anti-Trump Protest ‘Rape Melania’ Sign Pic Goes Viral, Sparks Twitter Trend And Outrage [Video] ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ Spoilers: Quinn Gets Jealous Of Katie, Bill Pushes Brooke To Get Married, And Ridge Faces Questions And Disappointments ‘#AssasinateTrump’ Hashtag Blows Up Twitter, Secret Service Clamping Down On All Possible Threats ‘Star Wars: Episode VIII’ Leaks Cast Luke Skywalker As The New Yoda Rob Kardashian Baby With Snapchat Filters Confirm He Is The Dad Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 225.5k 0 0 Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 46.5k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 77.1k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 24k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 20.7k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 8.4k 0 0 KKK Of North Carolina Confirms It Will Hold Parade Honoring Electoral Victory Of Donald Trump On December 3 15.1k 0 0 Recent Headlines President-Elect Trump Reminds All That Voters Felt Big ‘Let Down’ On Jobs, War, Corruption 0 0 0 Josh Duggar Will Talk Politics With You If You Buy A Used Car From Him 0 0 0 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power 3 0 0 Anti-Trump Protest ‘Rape Melania’ Sign Pic Goes Viral, Sparks Twitter Trend And Outrage [Video] 4 0 0 ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ Spoilers: Quinn Gets Jealous Of Katie, Bill Pushes Brooke To Get Married, And Ridge Faces Questions And Disappointments 0 0 0 ‘#AssasinateTrump’ Hashtag Blows Up Twitter, Secret Service Clamping Down On All Possible Threats 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
WTVF Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Radar & Maps Live Cameras Current Conditions Forecast Pages Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Inside Workforce Development The Income Guys Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Jobs Current 37° Clear 3-Day Forecast HI: 66° LO: 36° HI: 67° LO: 45° HI: 70° LO: 44° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Zombies Take Over Woods Near Spring Hill Jonquil Newland 5:56 PM, Oct 14, 2016 7:11 PM, Oct 14, 2016 Previous Next A haunted mausoleum just outside of Spring Hill has been filled with bodies, blood and the occasional zombie, and its ready for guests who need a good scare. WTVF Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next SPRING HILL, Tenn. - A haunted mausoleum just outside of Spring Hill has been filled with bodies, blood and the occasional zombie, and its ready for guests who need a good scare. The Circus of Screams is filled with nightmarish clowns. It's what you'd expect to find in a horror film or in this case at Miller's Thriller's Haunted Woods on Carters Creek Pike. The attraction is the brain child of David Miller. He grew up on the farm selling pumpkins and graduated with an accounting degree, building and managing a haunted woods was the furthest thing from his mind until he noticed there was a market for it in the area. "First year we didn't know what we were doing," Miller said. "We went to Walmart and bought a bunch of stuff just to scare people." He teamed up with Michael Oakley, who he met at the Spring Hill Country Ham Festival nearly a decade ago. Oakley had a background in haunted attractions and used to be an entertainer with the performing group "Stomp". With his help every year the haunted woods got bigger and scarier. One of the prized attractions is the zombie paintball hay ride, complete with a military style, zombie killer truck. Now, thousands of people visit these woods every Friday and Saturday during the month of October. While it is very family friendly parents should think twice before taking young children on the haunted hike through the woods. Children as young as 5 can participate in the zombie paintball hay ride. A line begins to form around 6:30, the attraction opens at 7 p.m. and is located at 1431 Carters Creek Pike Columbia, TN 38401.   Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Trending Now News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+ NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
null
null
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us HURRICANE MATTHEW Water going down in some areas - Matthew death toll drops to 25 Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1560155" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The latest on recovery efforts after Hurricane Matthew. WTVD Tuesday, October 18, 2016 RALEIGH (WTVD) -- Just over a week after Hurricane Matthew, officials said the river levels have begun to drop. The waters are slowly receding but not fast enough for North Carolina towns that are still flooded. Officials have estimated at least $1.5 billion in damage to 100,000 homes, businesses, and government buildings. Governor Pat McCrory said at a news conference in New Bern Monday that the death toll for the state has dropped to 25. A Robeson County death blamed on the storm has now been attributed to another cause. In Princeville, six pumps are draining about 1.6 million gallons of water per hour, but it could still be days before officials can get into the town. In Moore County, eight pumps are in the process of lowering water levels at the Woodlake Dam. You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559180" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> One of the homes that remains flooded. State officials said that all rivers are expected to be below flood stage by October 24. Greenville, Tarboro, and Goldsboro should return to normal by Thursday. Schools in Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson counties are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay. On Tuesday, Johnston County schools will have a two-hour delay. There have been 2,300 rescues since Hurricane Matthew hit, and for the first time Friday night, McCrory said there were no rescues necessary. Remarkably, two healthy babies were born in mobile hospitals in very rough conditions. Here's what you need to know: Evacuations in Lumberton, Princeville, Kinston, Lenoir County, Vass, and Goldsboro Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson county schools are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay Monday Moore County is no longer under evacuation order A boil water advisory has been issued for parts of Wayne County A boil water advisory has been lifted for Johnston County, with the following exceptions: Mulberry Road, Parkertown Road, Adams Road, 678-1723 Five Points Road, Shadowwood Road, Three Sisters Drive, Berneze Court, Fred Circle, Millennium Court, Otter Hole Drive, Princeton Kenly Road and Ralph Drive 25 people in North Carolina have died. I-95 and I-40 have reopened. All rivers are expected to return to below flood stage by October 24. 2,521 people remain without power across the state There are about 2,179 people in 35 emergency shelters WATCH: McCrory gives update on Hurricane Matthew relief efforts, flood damage You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559205" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Governor Pat McCrory McCrory has said that he had one of the most emotional days of his life Friday, touring the devastated towns across eastern N.C. "While our recovery efforts are going strong, we still have many people who need assistance," said Governor McCrory Monday. "The good news is that most of the rivers have now crested and are currently receding, but we still have a long way to go." In Princeville, nearly 80 percent of the town is underwater. About 2,220 people have been evacuated from the historic town. MOST STRIKING IMAGES FROM HURRICANE MATTHEW Those who qualify for individual and public assistance in Edgecombe County can call (252) 824-0108 for help. CHECK OUT A LIST OF ROAD CLOSURES HERE McCrory says of the 25 people in North Carolina who have died because of the storm, almost all of them have been vehicle-related deaths. The latest deaths were in Cumberland County and Wayne County. The governor said they were each found in submerged vehicles. "This has been the cause of nearly every one of our deaths, either people walking or being caught in their cars," McCrory said Saturday morning. Get the latest breaking news updates on the ABC11 news app Thursday, US Army Specialist Timothy Smith and Sgt. First Class Timothy White did not hesitate to dive in and rescue a black Labrador from the flood. McCrory said as he's toured the hardest hit areas, it's clear to him that it's the poorest of the poor in North Carolina who have suffered the most as flood water has inundated neighborhoods, severely damaging homes and ruining cars. He asked the nation to dig into its pockets to help out. "These people have nothing. Nothing. And if you want to help, now is the time to help these people," he said. "They are sitting right now in high school gyms. There are whole families." McCory said the state has activated the NC Disaster Relief Fund in partnership with the United Way. CLICK HERE FOR HOW YOU CAN DONATE or text NCRECOVERS to 30306 If you have items to donate like water or clothes, dial 211 and someone will direct you on where to go. The Red Cross and Salvation Army are partnering with the county to help the donation center. MORE: WANT TO HELP? FOOD BANKS NEED DONATIONS AFTER MATTHEW For people stuck in shelters, McCrory said the state is working with Walmart to get long-term prescriptions to people who need their medicine. CLICK HERE FOR SHELTER INFORMATION The goal is to get people in shelters into hotels and rental property while their homes are flooded or remain too damaged inhabit. Some will be moved to long-term FEMA housing when it becomes available. WATCH: Edgecombe County women treks through floods to see if her home is damaged You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1555349" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Tracy Modica checked to see if her house was destroyed after Hurricane Matthew You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1558044" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Officials say the water levels should be back to normal by October 24 Report a Typo Related Topics: weatherhurricanesevere weatherhurricane matthewfloodingNorth Carolina Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. HURRICANE MATTHEW 'Sunday Supper' in Raleigh benefits hurricane victims Fayetteville lifts spirits in hard-hit subdivision Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes After floods, Princeville fire dept. in need of rescue Town of Princeville tries to save fire department More hurricane matthew WEATHER Rainy start to the work week Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather November's super moon will be even bigger than usual Giant snowballs mysteriously appearing Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes More Weather Top Stories 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Man involved in fatal March crash killed on same road Calif. deputy was 'executed,' sheriff's department says Woman finds crashed car day after it goes off the road Trump in 1st post-election interview says he's willing to deport millions More suspects sought in Philadelphia 'flash mob' attack Show More Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome President-elect Trump names Priebus Chief of Staff Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather Late turnover lifts Chiefs to 20-17 win over Panthers Wetter weather helps firefighters in western NC blazes More News Top Video 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome What you need to know about the supermoon More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     The Hisense 50H8C Is A HDR 4K UHD TV For Under $500 Posted: Oct 16 2016, 9:42am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links.   Hisense offers a budget 50-inch HDR 4K TV, but is the HDR support any good? High Definition Range (HDR) is the trending feature for 4K TVs this year. Navigating through the marketing terms to identify a great HDR TV is quite difficult.  Don't Miss: Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals HDR is a feature of 4K Ultra HD TVs and has been around since last year, but only in 2016 the HDR10 support in TVs became common. If all TV makers would just put HDR10 into the model name, things would be easier, but each manufacturer came up with their own marketing term for HDR10 support. LG throws around HDR Pro and HDR Super, while Samsung touts HDR Premium and HDR 1000. Then there is also Dolby Vision that is based on 12-bit color and full production process that has already found supporters in Hollywood studios, Netflix, Amazon and TV makers like LG. Budget TV brand Hisense also offers HDR TVs. The 2016 50-inch Hisense 50H8C 4K TV sells for $499.99 and the 55-inch Hisense 55H8C is on sale for $599.99 on amazon.com. A HDR TV under $500 is rather unique. LG and Samsung HDR TVs are priced above $1,000. The Hisense HDR TVs are able to process the HDR10 information from Netflix or PS4, but can't fully leverage it in the display panel. The screen used in the Hisense H8C HDR TV has a maximum brightness of 440nits according to a review on Rtings. The UHD alliance Ultra HD Premium HDR certification calls for a brightness of 1,000nits. Another issue is the limited color gamut. The Hisense 50H8C and 55H8C also can't display all the colors encoded in the HDR information. The Hisense H8C is a HDR TV, but does not fully leverage HDR for improving the display. You do get a lot of TV though for $500. The Hisense 50H8C is a smart TV with Netflix support and built-in Wi-fi. According to the Rtings review the Hisense H8C has good picture quality, especially dark scenes and little motion blur. Features of the Hisense H8C TV line includes multi-zone local dimming, 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio, 60Hz (120Hz), 178 degrees viewing angle, UHD upscaler, 2x 10W speakers, dbx tv audio, 3 USB, 4 HDMI, apps, web browser and 4K media player and receiver. To get the full benefits of HDR, you need to be prepared to spend at least $1,000 for a HDR 4K TV. On Black Friday 2016 there is a chance to find a deal on one of these high-end HDR TVs below $1,000. To understand HDR, we recommend to read our guide about HDR. It is never too early to get ready for Black Friday. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Find all Black Friday 2016 Ads as soon as they released in this Black Friday 2016 Ad list including the highly anticipated Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad. The first Black Friday 2016 ad is already released. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. The Black Friday 2016 sales begin as early as November 4. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News $149.99 40-inch LG 40LH5000 TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Doorbuster Deal 34 minutes ago Bon-Ton Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 52 minutes ago Best Buy Black Friday Deals on Samsung KS8000 SUHD 4K HDR TVs Sell Early 10 hours ago, 2:27pm CST $1,497.99 60-inch Samsung UN65KS8000FXZA 4K SUHD Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday Deal 11 hours ago, 2:05pm CST $1,197.99 60-inch Samsung UN60KS8000FXZA 4K SUHD Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday Deal 11 hours ago, 1:58pm CST John Oliver Takes On President Trump in HBO Last Week Tonight 8 minutes ago Climate Change: Global Carbon Emissions Remain flat for Third Year 49 minutes ago Marijuana Use can Weaken Heart Muscle, Says Study 3 hours ago Hands-on Experience Helps Students to Grasp Concepts Much Better 9 hours ago, 3:53pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Map Release Details 12 hours ago, 1:06pm CST You Can Make Your iPhone Great Again With £3000 Gold-Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 12 hours ago, 1:02pm CST H&M Launches First Black Friday Collection 12 hours ago, 12:48pm CST Apple To Release 10.9 Inch Bezel-less iPad Pro In 2017 12 hours ago, 12:38pm CST Neanderthal Helped Humans Adapt to Life outside Africa 12 hours ago, 12:34pm CST Smartphone App helps early Detection of Autism 12 hours ago, 12:19pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News How to Find NES Classic, Hatchimals, Pokemon Go Plus and New Nintendo 3DS on Black Friday Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Ad Released David Blaine Spits out and Swallows Again Live Frog on Tonight Show Black Friday $149.99 40-inch LG 40LH5000 TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Doorbuster Deal 34 minutes ago Bon-Ton Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 52 minutes ago Best Buy Black Friday Deals on Samsung KS8000 SUHD 4K HDR TVs Sell Early 10 hours ago, 2:27pm CST $1,497.99 60-inch Samsung UN65KS8000FXZA 4K SUHD Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday Deal 11 hours ago, 2:05pm CST More Black Friday Stories Latest News John Oliver Takes On President Trump in HBO Last Week Tonight 8 minutes ago $149.99 40-inch LG 40LH5000 TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Doorbuster Deal 34 minutes ago Climate Change: Global Carbon Emissions Remain flat for Third Year 49 minutes ago Bon-Ton Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks 52 minutes ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 14 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Interview: UAE business leader says low oil price will bring "good things" for Arab world Dubai contractor Arabtec reports narrowing net loss Oman's small firms face big challenges next year Region’s first self-cooling eco-home unveiled Oman's residential rents drop by 8% Saudi bourse lists first real estate fund Dubai contractor Arabtec reports narrowing net loss Oman's Duqm SEZ awards $197m flood system contract Dubai's Drake & Scull posts narrower Q3 net loss Interview: UAE business leader says low oil price will bring "good things" for Arab world $6 bln in buyback investments in Iran's West Karoun oil fields Region’s first self-cooling eco-home unveiled Barclays taps into region's huge trade financing opportunities UAE's ENBD bank expects retail lending growth to fall in 2017 India cenbank asks banks to furnish daily data on cash withdrawals Al Baraka Banking Group's third-quarter net profit drops 3.75% Islamic stocks in Qatar surge about 2% Islamic finance nears final standard for gold-based products GCC e-commerce on a high-growth path Dubai's Alabbar to launch Middle East online shopping platform Omani telecom provider to roll out Internet of Things network Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger UAE consumer confidence down on job worries Qatar central bank to offer $825 mln bonds Interview: UAE business leader says low oil price will bring "good things" for Arab world Oman's small firms face big challenges next year UAE consumer confidence down on job worries Palestinian group runs for the right to roam Watchdog condemns use of banned chemical weapons in Syria Saudi clinics treat over 3,000 Syrians a week in Jordan Egypt IMF loan to be repaid in 10 yrs, targets higher growth Algeria Tiguentourine gas plant back at capacity before year's end - Tunisian trade deficit worsens to $4.76 bln in Oct India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger UAE calls for building moderate Arab centre 'Substantial deportations' likely under Trump: Gingrich Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UAE, Qatar shares may sag in line with Asian markets Dollar hits 9-mth high as U.S. yields climb Egypt's pound strengthens after IMF approves $12 bln loan UAE, Qatar shares may sag in line with Asian markets Egyptian stocks rise further following IMF loan approval Shares exposed to emerging market funds sag but Saudi index climbs India raises cap on cash withdrawals to ease public anger Dollar hits 9-mth high as U.S. yields climb Egypt's pound strengthens after IMF approves $12 bln loan Gold broadly steady on short covering after global commodity sell-off Egypt tender draws few offers on day of planned protests OPEC points to even bigger 2017 oil surplus as its output jumps Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi issues new rules, fees for helpers, vehicles Steel giant ArcelorMittal reaches settlement deal with Egypt Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Kuwait's court bars royal candidate, reinstates ex-MP Hashem Saudi issues new rules, fees for helpers, vehicles Dubai ruler issues law on free zones Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Illegal drone users to face prosecution in UAE Steel giant ArcelorMittal reaches settlement deal with Egypt Qatar Airways fined in U.S. for using prohibited airspace Arbitration panel rejects 90% of Mobily's $599 mln claim Kuwait reduces juvenile age, warning students Kuwait labor sector requires restructuring No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Golf-World number one spot is McIlroy's target in Dubai UAE, China popular for millennials seeking to advance career Dubai launches diabetes campaign across 18 schools Qatar Charity signs partnership pact with Almaha Medical Tips for coping with post-election shock Dubai Canal sets off ripple of excitement Asserting a Muslim fashion identity Russia upholds LinkedIn ban over data protection fears Emirates passengers can now get UAE visa using app No backing off on Umrah fee, says Saudi Ministry of Haj Emiratis in U.S. warned of rising aggression Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Five decades & 200 films later, Jackie Chan finally wins Oscar Sting reopens Paris music hall on attack anniversary Soccer-Egypt keep up 100% record in qualifiers Golf-World number one spot is McIlroy's target in Dubai British swimmer to brave sharks in Atlantic crossing Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article politics At the centre, but on the margins 16 October, 2016 A combination photo shows Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump (L) in Palm Beach, Florida and Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (R) in Miami, Florida at their respective Super Tuesday primaries campaign events on March 1, 2016. REUTERS/Scott Audette Reuters/Scott Audette Can an outsider like Donald Trump beat a candidate with the experience and backing of Hillary Clinton? That will depend on the votes of a working-class constituency no major party cares about except at election time. Can an outsider like Donald Trump beat a candidate with the experience and backing of Hillary Clinton? That will depend on the votes of a working-class constituency no major party cares about except at election time. By Serge Halimi ‘The system is rigged.’ We already knew that the candidate with the largest share of the national vote does not always become US president; that the race for the White House ignores three-quarters of the states, in which the outcome of the election seems a foregone conclusion; that almost six million Americans with criminal records have lost their right to vote; that 11% of potential voters lack the identity papers required to cast a ballot; that the electoral system gives the two main parties a decisive advantage. Nor were we unaware that money, the media, lobbies and redistricting distort the democratic process. But there’s more to it in this election: a feeling that crosses party divisions, an anger expressed in the primaries by the 12 million people who voted for Senator Bernie Sanders and the 13.3 million supporters of Republican billionaire Donald Trump. They reckoned the system is rigged because politicians, both Republicans and Democrats, have launched wars in the Middle East that have impoverished the US without bringing victory. Rigged, because a majority of the population continues to pay for the consequences of an economic crisis that has cost those who caused it nothing. Rigged, because President Obama has disappointed the huge hopes of change generated by his 2008 campaign. Rigged, because Republican voters saw little difference after they mobilised to take control of the two Houses in Congress in 2010 and 2014. The system is rigged because nothing changes in Washington, because Americans feel dispossessed of their country by an oligarchy that holds them in contempt, because inequality grows and the middle class is beset by fear. The election ostensibly began so well. On the Democrat side, Hillary Clinton’s party nomination was supposed to be a cakewalk, a dynastic succession power-assisted by Obama, but it turned into a struggle against a maverick septuagenarian, Sanders. He surprised everyone by successfully mobilising millions of voters among the young, the rural population and the working class with an anti-capitalist campaign. And money was no obstacle: he raised huge sums from millions of small donations, circumventing one of the most hated ways in which US politics is rigged. This surprising outcome seemed all the more promising as Donald Trump also spent far less on his primary campaign than several of the Republican opponents he crushed. An outcry against government has characterised the majority of previous presidential campaigns, but today even conservative voters are calling for greater state intervention in the economy. The perennial homilies about reducing welfare budgets, pension ‘reform’ and cutting unemployment benefits are not part of Trump’s programme. And on free trade — the central theme of his campaign — he wants to tear up the treaties negotiated by his Democrat and Republican predecessors and impose tariffs on US companies that move offshore. What’s more, both he and Hillary Clinton agree that government should fund the very costly reconstruction of the country’s transport infrastructure. So the bipartisan globalist consensus has been smashed. Corporate America, through its cynicism and greed, has destroyed the pretence of an automatic link between its prosperity and that of the country. Advertisement Even if Clinton has promised to entrust her husband Bill (the main architect of the Democratic Party’s shift to the right 25 years ago) with important economic tasks, the party no longer looks like the one the couple fashioned when they last occupied the White House. Democratic voters are more leftwing and less attracted to accommodations with the Republicans: the term ‘socialism’ no longer alarms them. And Hillary has had to make concessions to Sanders supporters on four key aspects of the 1990s swerve of the ‘new Democrats’ to the right: free trade treaties, the big hike in the prison population, financial deregulation and wage restraint. Smashing the tablets of stone Trump’s diatribes against Mexican immigrants and Islam, his sexism and his racist rants provoke such disgust that other things he says sometimes go unnoticed. Yet when it comes to welfare spending, trade policy, gay rights, international alliances or overseas military engagements, Trump has so determinedly smashed the Republican tablets of stone that it is hard to imagine GOP leaders backtracking on any of these issues any time soon. Unless they intend to definitively sacrifice ‘their’ base, which has already signalled its impatience by voting in the primaries for a candidate not known for pulling his punches, even when talking about his party. ‘Our politicians,’ Trump says, ‘have aggressively pursued a policy of globalisation. Globalisation has made the financial elite who donate to politicians very wealthy. But it has left millions of our workers with nothing but poverty and heartache.’ This is a piquant observation from a billionaire who divides his time between a Manhattan penthouse and his private jet, yet it’s not a bad summary. All this might suggest that, after all, the system isn’t rigged — that, as Francis Fukuyama suggested recently in Foreign Affairs, American democracy is functioning, since it is reacting to popular anger, complicating the Clinton dynasty’s plans, humiliating the Republican barons, and putting the issues of inequality, protectionism and deindustrialisation centre stage in the election. Perhaps it also sounds a knell for two political deceptions. Over time, the Democratic Party has become the tool of the educated middle classes and professionals, but has retained the vast majority of the black and Hispanic vote by displaying signs of its ‘diversity’. And with the support of the unions, it has kept a working-class electoral base. Yet its vision of progress has ceased to be egalitarian: it is sometimes individualist and paternalistic (‘try harder’) and sometimes meritocratic (‘study more’), but it offers no future to the peripheral America of the heartlands which, far from the coasts, remain cut off from the prosperity of the great global cities. This America is witnessing the disappearance of the industrial jobs that had long been the mainstay of a middle class with little college education yet confident in its future. Before Trump, the Republican Party had little to offer them either. The party’s priorities were reducing taxes on businesses and letting them export capital and outsource production. But by talking about country, religion and morality to workers and the white proletariat, and by encouraging the American heartlands to believe their decline was caused by pampered minorities and arrogant intellectuals, the conservatives ensured that the designated victims of their economic and business policies served as their electoral canon fodder for years. Trump’s popularity with these people works differently. He barely talks about the Bible and ‘traditional values’, and insists on defending industry and revoking trade agreements. Clinton did little to reclaim the affection of many of his voters when she lumped them into a‘basket of deplorables’ who are ‘racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic.’ She offered this diagnosis at a New York fundraiser before a ‘basket’ of people who were surely admirable, as they had paid a lot to hear her speak. Is it possible that an election notable for such ideological upsets — and even a desire to up-end the whole applecart — will still deliver victory for the status quo candidate? Yes, since Trump is an outsider who is even more hated than she is. And that, ultimately, may be the main way the system is rigged. The US is not unique in this. France may experience something similar next year: popular anger at globalisation, social segregation and the connivance of elites, but which is short-changed by a political game whose sorry result unfailingly follows the buttered toast rule. Since nothing very unexpected will come from Clinton because she is surrounded by experts, pollsters and PR people, and calculates everything to within a fraction of an inch, Trump has shaken things up by ditching his party’s decreed strategy. The re-election of Barack Obama in 2012 took the Republican leadership by surprise. They concluded that to win they would have to reduce the Democrats’ electoral advantage among the black community — though here Clinton has less purchase than Obama — and especially among Hispanics, who represent a growing percentage of the population. As Hispanic Americans have often been alienated by the Republicans’ restrictive immigration policy, the party reckoned it should show more openness and offer an amnesty to some illegal immigrants. Theoretically, since electoral loyalties are not DNA-encoded, nothing prevents a Hispanic American from voting for the right if he opposes abortion or resents paying taxes. Polish, Italian and Lithuanian immigrants used to vote Democrat until they switched their support to Republican Ronald Reagan; in 2000, 70% of Muslims backed George W Bush, but eight years later 90% voted for Obama. Stoking fear of immigrants Instead of scrabbling for a few votes from the Latino and black electorate, who are hostile to the Republicans, Trump has chosen to bank on increasing his advantage among non-Hispanic whites. They may be a shrinking percentage of the population, but they still accounted for 74% of the electorate in 2012. To mobilise this group, especially manual workers and employees with little college education, Trump has stoked fears of an influx of immigrants threatening security and a loss of national identity, and hammered on about an industrial renaissance (‘Make America great again’). Such rhetoric resonates with social groups that the Democrat establishment largely neglects, since it doesn’t associate them with digital modernity or demographic diversity, probably because it reckons that these groups struggle along in a culture and universe whose days are numbered, and which are declining and ‘deplorable’. The metropolises account for a growing share of the US’s prosperity and production of ideas, yet the peripheral states will decide the election. For several months, California and New York have been left in the shade, as their result — Democrat — is already known by all and the electoral margin of victory does not matter. Meanwhile Ohio, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin occupy the limelight, they are being courted because the outcomes in these states are more uncertain; they’re being listened to and heavily courted. And what do the candidates hear? That these states, whose populations are whiter, older and generally less educated than average, have lost hundreds of thousands of jobs to offshoring and competition from China and Mexico, that industrial wastelands are spreading, and that they have benefited less from the economic upturn than the rest of the US. Trump’s language of protectionism and anxiety goes down well here; Clinton has a tougher time selling President Obama’s record. There may soon come a time when US world cities have expanded still further and immigration has transformed the US into a country where ‘minorities’ are in the majority. Then the Democrats may be able to do without the working-class Midwest, as they have previously done without poor Southern whites. But that time is not now. This year it’s still too risky for the Clintons’ party to scold all those who react badly to the problems the Democrats created, and to suggest that they seek training or a new career, or relocate. Because, with Trump in the ring, the Democrats can no longer be certain that they are the sole electoral refuge for what remains of a working-class base. Clinton, the personification of a political elite which for over a quarter of a century has led the working-class world towards catastrophe, must therefore take account of people whose economic fate is threatened and who are terrified by the loss of social status. Her CV is unmatched, but in 2016 many Americans seem to want to ditch the whole system and use a stick of dynamite called Donald Trump to do it. So suddenly the suffering white population matter again, and are being scrutinised as the black lumpenproletariat were half a century ago. And we discover that life expectancy is declining for Appalachian miners, Virginia tobacco farmers, all those who’ve been forced to change jobs and become security guards at Walmart at a third of their former salaries. Life expectancy for white men with no college education is now almost 13 years lower than for their university-educated counterparts (67.5 years compared to 80.4); and for women, a little over ten years (73.5 against 83.9). Pawnshops and check-cashing stores are no longer only found in black ghettos, and the same is true of young single mothers on welfare, high levels of obesity, drug addiction and suicide. For this population, Clinton’s ‘experience’, and her respect for the way Washington works, are not necessarily assets. What will the ‘post-industrial’ future mean for them when all the coal mines have closed down, when the taxi and truck drivers have been replaced with driverless Google vehicles, when the supermarket clerks are all barcode scanners and robots do the rest of the work? Will they all become programmers? Waiting staff? Self-employed food delivery bikers for a smartphone app, renters of Airbnb rooms for tourists, organic gardeners or home helps? Clinton is not responsive to this worry; she probably sees it as a rejection of progress. Trump harps on about it, trying to get people who are scared by the coarseness of his personality and his lack of knowledge to ponder ‘What have you got to lose?’ Rigged or not, we will soon know whether the US system has become so fragile that it may yield to a man like Trump. But if another terrorist attack, a bad TV appearance or the discovery of more compromising emails between now and the election keeps Clinton out of the White House, it would prove not just that the party of the status quo could not fight the authoritarian right, but that the latter derives much of its energy from the failed policies of the neoliberal left. Serge Halimi is editorial director of Le Monde diplomatique. © Le Monde Diplomatique 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: united states Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 UAE's Emaar appoints Veresh Sita as Chief Digital Officer to drive tech strategy for next era of growth 01 Nov 2016 New Independent Director Appointed to AUB Board Ahli United Bank B.S.C. has announced the appointment of Mr. David Hodgkinson, a highly experienced and qualified international banker, as an Independent Director on the Bank’s Board of Directors. 01 Nov 2016  from Action Group Former CEO Naji Skaf Joins Heidrick & Struggles as Partner In Industrial Services Practice to Expand Presence in Middle East "Naji brings with him extensive leadership and management experience in the Chemical 01 Nov 2016 CGC names new General Manager 31 Oct 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Monday, November 14th, 2016 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Click here All Mahoning Valley election results Warren football teams in regional finals 6:14 p.m. Sun Teen killed, two hurt in Columbiana County t... 5:14 p.m. Sun Rock and Roll Hall of Fame caps year of impr... 5:00 p.m. Sun After election, millions flock to movies to ... 4:52 p.m. Sun Mill Creek MetroParks board to iron out deta... 4:49 p.m. Sun Rock musician Leon Russell dies at 74 4:44 p.m. Sun all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home Here’s a guide to mobile money | Print Tweet Published: Sun, October 16, 2016 @ 12:00 a.m. New technologies are making the convenience of living cash-free a reality. But consumers need to understand the trade-offs of abandoning paper money entirely. Consumer Reports offers this overview. Mobile Wallets What do they do? Let you pay for purchases at physical retail stores and online. Noteworthy brands: Android Pay, Apple Pay, PayPal, Samsung Pay. Cost: No direct fees. What Consumer Reports likes: Apple Pay is now accepted at 3 million stores in the United States because retailers are equipped with new EMV chip card readers that also have near-field communication (NFC) technology. Android Pay and Apple Pay need NFC to transact with cash registers. Samsung Pay can be used at more than 10 million U.S. merchants, because it employs NFC plus a second technology that lets it communicate via magnetic strip with readers that don’t have functioning NFC. Caveats: PayPal is mostly for online shopping and has very limited acceptance at retail stores. Apple Pay works only on certain, more recent iPhones; Samsung Pay works only on certain Samsung devices. Electronic Toll Tags What do they do? Let you pay for highway, express lane, bridge and tunnel tolls, as well as parking at some airports. Noteworthy brands: EXpressToll, E-ZPass, FasTrak, Good To Go!, MnPASS, SunPass, TxTag. Cost: No fees beyond the toll itself. What Consumer Reports likes: Commuters can knock 20 minutes to an hour off their daily drive, says J.J. Eden, president of the Alliance for Toll Interoperability. No stopping. No need to scramble for cash or change. Caveats: High traffic volume can clog up even the toll tag lanes. And now the discounts, used to lure new customers, are starting to go away. Person-to-Person (P2P) Payments What do they do? Let you send money to another person via the app, email or text. Noteworthy brands: BBVA/Dwolla, Chase QuickPay, clearXchange, Facebook Payments in Messenger, Popmoney, Snapcash, Square Cash and Venmo. Cost: Usually recipients never pay, and fees for sending vary from free to up to 3 percent or more if paid for with a credit card or some debit cards. What Consumer Reports likes:It’s super easy. Can transfer money fast (but see caveats). All the services take steps to ensure security. Caveats: How quickly recipients get their money varies, depending on the service. For example, money moves instantly via Facebook Payments in Messenger and by clearXchange, but your bank may take up to five business days to make the funds available to you. Branded Payment Apps What do they do? Let you pay for purchases only at the merchant brand’s physical stores and service providers, and their online counterparts. Noteworthy brands: Dunkin’ Donuts, Lyft, PayByPhone, Starbucks, Uber, Wal-Mart Pay. Cost: Generally no direct fees. What Consumer Reports likes: These apps combine payment, loyalty programs and ordering capabilities. Uber automatically charges you for your ride. PayByPhone lets you extend parking meter minutes wherever you are. Caveats: Can be used for only one merchant brand. You can’t pay if your phone runs out of power. To learn more, visit ConsumerReports.org. 2016 Consumers Union, Inc. Distributed by Universal Uclick for UFS Other stories of interest McDonald’s to test simpler plan for custom burgers BUSINESS DIGEST || LIMELIGHTS & CAREER PATHS Food processors, choppers can be kitchen magicians Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2016 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us HURRICANE MATTHEW Water going down in some areas - Matthew death toll drops to 25 Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1560155" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The latest on recovery efforts after Hurricane Matthew. WTVD Tuesday, October 18, 2016 RALEIGH (WTVD) -- Just over a week after Hurricane Matthew, officials said the river levels have begun to drop. The waters are slowly receding but not fast enough for North Carolina towns that are still flooded. Officials have estimated at least $1.5 billion in damage to 100,000 homes, businesses, and government buildings. Governor Pat McCrory said at a news conference in New Bern Monday that the death toll for the state has dropped to 25. A Robeson County death blamed on the storm has now been attributed to another cause. In Princeville, six pumps are draining about 1.6 million gallons of water per hour, but it could still be days before officials can get into the town. In Moore County, eight pumps are in the process of lowering water levels at the Woodlake Dam. You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559180" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> One of the homes that remains flooded. State officials said that all rivers are expected to be below flood stage by October 24. Greenville, Tarboro, and Goldsboro should return to normal by Thursday. Schools in Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson counties are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay. On Tuesday, Johnston County schools will have a two-hour delay. There have been 2,300 rescues since Hurricane Matthew hit, and for the first time Friday night, McCrory said there were no rescues necessary. Remarkably, two healthy babies were born in mobile hospitals in very rough conditions. Here's what you need to know: Evacuations in Lumberton, Princeville, Kinston, Lenoir County, Vass, and Goldsboro Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson county schools are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay Monday Moore County is no longer under evacuation order A boil water advisory has been issued for parts of Wayne County A boil water advisory has been lifted for Johnston County, with the following exceptions: Mulberry Road, Parkertown Road, Adams Road, 678-1723 Five Points Road, Shadowwood Road, Three Sisters Drive, Berneze Court, Fred Circle, Millennium Court, Otter Hole Drive, Princeton Kenly Road and Ralph Drive 25 people in North Carolina have died. I-95 and I-40 have reopened. All rivers are expected to return to below flood stage by October 24. 2,521 people remain without power across the state There are about 2,179 people in 35 emergency shelters WATCH: McCrory gives update on Hurricane Matthew relief efforts, flood damage You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559205" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Governor Pat McCrory McCrory has said that he had one of the most emotional days of his life Friday, touring the devastated towns across eastern N.C. "While our recovery efforts are going strong, we still have many people who need assistance," said Governor McCrory Monday. "The good news is that most of the rivers have now crested and are currently receding, but we still have a long way to go." In Princeville, nearly 80 percent of the town is underwater. About 2,220 people have been evacuated from the historic town. MOST STRIKING IMAGES FROM HURRICANE MATTHEW Those who qualify for individual and public assistance in Edgecombe County can call (252) 824-0108 for help. CHECK OUT A LIST OF ROAD CLOSURES HERE McCrory says of the 25 people in North Carolina who have died because of the storm, almost all of them have been vehicle-related deaths. The latest deaths were in Cumberland County and Wayne County. The governor said they were each found in submerged vehicles. "This has been the cause of nearly every one of our deaths, either people walking or being caught in their cars," McCrory said Saturday morning. Get the latest breaking news updates on the ABC11 news app Thursday, US Army Specialist Timothy Smith and Sgt. First Class Timothy White did not hesitate to dive in and rescue a black Labrador from the flood. McCrory said as he's toured the hardest hit areas, it's clear to him that it's the poorest of the poor in North Carolina who have suffered the most as flood water has inundated neighborhoods, severely damaging homes and ruining cars. He asked the nation to dig into its pockets to help out. "These people have nothing. Nothing. And if you want to help, now is the time to help these people," he said. "They are sitting right now in high school gyms. There are whole families." McCory said the state has activated the NC Disaster Relief Fund in partnership with the United Way. CLICK HERE FOR HOW YOU CAN DONATE or text NCRECOVERS to 30306 If you have items to donate like water or clothes, dial 211 and someone will direct you on where to go. The Red Cross and Salvation Army are partnering with the county to help the donation center. MORE: WANT TO HELP? FOOD BANKS NEED DONATIONS AFTER MATTHEW For people stuck in shelters, McCrory said the state is working with Walmart to get long-term prescriptions to people who need their medicine. CLICK HERE FOR SHELTER INFORMATION The goal is to get people in shelters into hotels and rental property while their homes are flooded or remain too damaged inhabit. Some will be moved to long-term FEMA housing when it becomes available. WATCH: Edgecombe County women treks through floods to see if her home is damaged You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1555349" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Tracy Modica checked to see if her house was destroyed after Hurricane Matthew You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1558044" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Officials say the water levels should be back to normal by October 24 Report a Typo Related Topics: weatherhurricanesevere weatherhurricane matthewfloodingNorth Carolina Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. HURRICANE MATTHEW 'Sunday Supper' in Raleigh benefits hurricane victims Fayetteville lifts spirits in hard-hit subdivision Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes After floods, Princeville fire dept. in need of rescue Town of Princeville tries to save fire department More hurricane matthew WEATHER Rainy start to the work week Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather November's super moon will be even bigger than usual Giant snowballs mysteriously appearing Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes More Weather Top Stories 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Man involved in fatal March crash killed on same road Calif. deputy was 'executed,' sheriff's department says Woman finds crashed car day after it goes off the road Trump in 1st post-election interview says he's willing to deport millions More suspects sought in Philadelphia 'flash mob' attack Show More Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome President-elect Trump names Priebus Chief of Staff Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather Late turnover lifts Chiefs to 20-17 win over Panthers Wetter weather helps firefighters in western NC blazes More News Top Video 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome What you need to know about the supermoon More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Netflix, Inc. vs Amazon After Amazon stock soared 63% since February, is it still a better buy than Netflix? Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Oct 15, 2016 at 7:03PM Image source: Getty Images. A head-to-head comparison of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is likely to show up more and more in the future. While at their cores, Amazon is still an e-commerce company and Netflix is a streaming-video giant, Amazon's ever-expanding flywheel of benefits for its Prime members is increasingly crossing paths with Netflix's streaming business. Not only does Amazon now have its own streaming video subscription service, which it calls Prime Video, but the company is rolling out a growing library of original content and exclusive TV, akin to the Netflix Originals and content deals that have made the streaming company a must-have entertainment destination for 83 million paying members.  As these two companies inevitably duke it out, which stock is a better buy? Company Market Capitalization Trailing 12-Month Revenue Growth P/E Forward P/E Netflix $43.5 billion 25% 317 128 Amazon $390.6 billion 26% 205 71 Business potential Investors who buy shares of either company are getting a fast-growing company with enduring growth prospects. With trailing 12-month revenue increasing by 25% year over year in the trailing 12-month period, Netflix is benefiting from its ongoing international expansion, as well as from well-justified price hikes for its streaming service. As Netflix Originals prove to be driving value for customers, and as the company continues to benefit from the secular growth of streaming video, both of these catalysts for growth look poised to continue driving revenue for years to come. Amazon's trailing 12-month revenue similarly increased 26% year over year, driven primarily by rapid growth in e-commerce, but also helped out by a notable 58% jump in the company's Amazon Web Services (AWS) division, which accounts for about 9% of total revenue. As a leader in both of these segments, there's no sign of either slowing in the near future. Valuation Given that Amazon stock has skyrocketed 63% and Netflix stock increased a much less 16% since I compared these two stocks in February, it might seem like Netflix stock would be the better buy today. AMZN data by YCharts. But choosing between these two stocks isn't so cut and dried, as Amazon stock still appears to be the less risky bet of these two -- even after its massive rise. Sure, trading at 71 times estimates of next year's earnings, Amazon stock certainly isn't cheap. But Netflix's much higher price-to-forward earnings ratio of 128 highlights how investors are betting on much greater earnings growth for the streaming giant than they are for Amazon. And it's worth noting that, while Netflix is the undisputed leader in streaming movies and TV shows, competition looms in the media space as far as other companies with powerful video content. Powerful companies like Disney, Time Warner, and Alphabet's YouTube look like potential threats. Amazon, on the other hand, has unprecedented scale in e-commerce, and is highly differentiated from other large retailers, such as Wal-Mart and Costco. Despite's Amazon's soaring stock price since I last picked it over Netflix in February, I'm still betting Amazon is the better buy. This is a particularly timely topic because both companies report earnings this month. Netflix reports third-quarter results after market close on Monday, October 17, and Amazon reports third-quarter results after market close on Thursday, October 27. Investors can look for more color on both businesses when the results go live. Daniel Sparks has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Netflix. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Oct 15, 2016 at 7:03PM Consumer Goods Stocks Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $114.78 down $0.64 (-0.55%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $739.01 down $-3.37 (-0.45%) Read More Why Amazon Owns Digital Reading, but Can't Kill the Physical Book Two New Stock Picks Every Month! Can Netflix Save Cable? This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 2 Top Retail Stocks to Buy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy The Investigators Mental Health Maze Manhunt Monday Vote 2016 Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal RoadWAAY Warrior RoadWAAY Main Traffic Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 44° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Areas of smoke and haze are possible, reducing visibility at times. Low 39F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 13, 2016 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy The Investigators Mental Health Maze Manhunt Monday Vote 2016 Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Footbal RoadWAAY Warrior RoadWAAY Main Traffic Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close Grocery Stores Amazon to open grocery stores Oct 12, 2016 0 Grocery Stores Amazon says its planning to open brick-and-mortar convenience stores that offer fresh food. Customers who are prime members will have the option to buy goods for later delivery. The company also plans to open sites for curbside pickup. This comes as traditional retailers like Walmart are expanding their online grocery services. Tags Amazon Grocery Stores Delivery × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest News 10 Things to Know for Monday Burglar dressed as ninja takes katana sword from card shop The Latest: Deputy killed while checking suspicious car Good Samaritan killed, 2 injured helping stranded drivers The Latest: Protests continue in Philadelphia, LA, more Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Online Poll Should NASA go back to the moon on the way to Mars? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back   Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Lookout Mountain fire grows larger, families prepare for the worst Missing woman found alive after her car crashed into a 30 foot ravine Child present during drug raid in Red Bay; seven people arrested Shooting suspects on the loose, considered armed and dangerous Marine Corps identifies recruit found dead as Zachary Boland, 18, of Madison Neighbors react to man found shot on road in Madison Huntsville man arrested for 2006 Florida murder Man killed in morning wreck on Memorial Parkway Former CMT reality show star killed in murder-suicide Polaris releases video inside Huntsville manufacturing facility Images Videos Commented SCOTUS denies inmate's appeal after 29 years on death row (3) Donald Trump 'victory bus' in Huntsville Tuesday (3) The Huntsville Times will no longer be printed in Alabama (3) Trump vows to unify a deeply divided nation (2) Here are all the ways you can watch the last presidential debate (2) Residents react to alleged political propaganda by the KKK in Madison (2) A breakdown of 14 Alabama Amendments (2) Thousands march in Oakland to protest Trump (2) North Carolina Republican Party office burned; no injuries (2) Trump says he'll honor election results - if he wins (1) Upcoming Events Nov 4 33rd Annual NAWA Woodcarving Show & Competition Sat, Nov 1, 2014 @ 9:00 am Nov 19 UCP Krispy Kreme Challenge Sat, Nov 15, 2014 @ 8:00 am Mar 3 17th Annual UCP "An Irish Evening" Fri, Mar 6, 2015 @ 6:00 pm Jun 24 A CITY UNITED Sat, Jun 27, 2015 @ 9:00 am Oct 18 James Clemens High School Jet Choir "Sweets and Sounds Event" Sun, Oct 18, 2015 @ 2:00 pm Nov 16 Huntsville Ski Club Wed, May 18, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Nov 14 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Thu, Oct 20, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 13 Hometown Heroes Thu, Nov 10, 2016 — all day Nov 14 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Fri, Nov 11, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 14 ICE!® featuring Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Fri, Nov 11, 2016 @ 10:00 am Events Nov 13 Hometown Heroes Sun, Nov 13, 2016 — all day Free Nov 13 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 13 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 13 ICE!® featuring Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 13 Gallery Walk and Opening Reception for Connections: Karen Graffeo & Jim Neel Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 2:00 pm Nov 13 Independent Musical Productions presents Inspecting Carol Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 2:30 pm $16-$20 Nov 13 Cabaret Upstairs: RENT Revisited Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 3:30 pm $27-$37 Nov 13 Cabaret Upstairs: RENT Revisited Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 6:00 pm $27-$37 Nov 13 Out Loud HSV Poetry Slam Sundays Sun, Nov 13, 2016 @ 7:00 pm Free Nov 14 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 14 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 14 ICE!® featuring Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Mon, Nov 14, 2016 @ 10:00 am Nov 15 Kids To Love Foundation Registration for the KTECH program Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 8:00 am Nov 15 Gaylord Opryland's Country Christmas Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 9:00 am Nov 15 Josie's Open House Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 10:00 am Free Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Real-time Stocks Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2016 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
Daily Journal DJournal Chickasaw Journal Itawamba Times Monroe Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate Southern Sentinel Pontotoc Progress News Sports Business Living Opinion Weather Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Scene Now Education Matters Lee County Neighbors Capitol Blog Inside Mississippi State Sports Inside Ole Miss Sports NeMiss Preps Sports Buzz Keep Running Real Estate NeMiss Jobs Classifieds Business Dir Advertise Subscribe eEdition Contact Us Directory Pontotoc Progress Pontotoc County | Mississippi News Navigation Home About Us Contact Us Advertise News Sports Business Living Bridal View Announcements Submit Announcement Opinion Weather Obituaries View Latest Obituaries View Archived Obituaries Buy Photos eEdition   Carpenter building renovation still planned By Regina Butler | 12:30 pm | October 15, 2016 | News David Helms Pontotoc Progress At last week’s October Board of Aldermen meeting, Pontotoc Mayor Jeff Stafford updated aldermen on ongoing plans to renovate the old Carpenter Ford Motor Company building on Main Street. In May 2015, Pontotoc Aldermen unanimously approved a motion to enter into a four party inter-local agreement to pursue renovation of the Carpenter building. Mayor Stafford said the goal remains to renovate the building, which the city currently leases from the Pontotoc City School District, to house the Pontotoc Workforce Investment Network (WIN) Job Center, which is operated by Itawamba Community College (ICC). Stafford said the agreement includes the city of Pontotoc, Pontotoc City School District, Three Rivers Planning and Development District and ICC. “We have sent pictures and the original layout of the Carpenter building to the Mississippi Department of Archives and History so that they can be informed of what we plan to do,” Stafford told aldermen. Stafford said the city has a 20-year lease on the building. “Architects Pryor-Morrow have designed plans for the building and once archives department looks it over, hopefully we can advertise for bids on the project,” Stafford said. “The WIN Job Center provides services to more than 13,000 people each year and they’ve outgrown their building out on the bypass,” he said. WIN provides training classes, GED classes, interviews and job placements. “This project would be a big win for everyone involved and renovating that building will revitalize downtown also,” Stafford said. A $240,000 matching grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission was approved in July 2016 for the project. In other business, Pontotoc Fire Chief Lance Martin said the fire rating for the Pontotoc Fire Department has been upgraded to a Class Five. “This is great news for the residents and businesses because it will lower insurance premiums,” Martin said. “It will mean some savings to homeowners, but it should lower the commercial and industrial insurance policies even more,” he said. Officials said residents and business owners should contact their insurance providers about the change in the fire rating. In another matter, aldermen voted unanimously to increase the city’s garbage pick-up rate from $10.80 to $12.20. Garbage pick-up is provided by Waste Connections. Five other new business matters unanimously approved by the board included: -order setting a public hearing on November 1 at 6 p.m.for a sign variance (height) request by Circle K convenience store; -order setting a public hearing on November 1 at 6 p.m.for a sign variance for a secondary sign by Circle K convenience store; -order approving plans for Walmart to build a modular building on the south side of their property to be used as a training center; -setting a public hearing for October 18 at 8 a.m. for Dr. Mark Romano who is requesting a size variance for construction of a home on Woodlake Drive; -an order approving the municipal compliance questionairre for FY 2016. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) About Regina Butler View all posts by Regina Butler → PEPA election ballots being mailed Tony Perkins: ‘This Is Not a Time to Stand on the Sidelines’ Search © 2016 Pontotoc Progress. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us HURRICANE MATTHEW Water going down in some areas - Matthew death toll drops to 25 Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1560155" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The latest on recovery efforts after Hurricane Matthew. WTVD Tuesday, October 18, 2016 RALEIGH (WTVD) -- Just over a week after Hurricane Matthew, officials said the river levels have begun to drop. The waters are slowly receding but not fast enough for North Carolina towns that are still flooded. Officials have estimated at least $1.5 billion in damage to 100,000 homes, businesses, and government buildings. Governor Pat McCrory said at a news conference in New Bern Monday that the death toll for the state has dropped to 25. A Robeson County death blamed on the storm has now been attributed to another cause. In Princeville, six pumps are draining about 1.6 million gallons of water per hour, but it could still be days before officials can get into the town. In Moore County, eight pumps are in the process of lowering water levels at the Woodlake Dam. You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559180" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> One of the homes that remains flooded. State officials said that all rivers are expected to be below flood stage by October 24. Greenville, Tarboro, and Goldsboro should return to normal by Thursday. Schools in Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson counties are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay. On Tuesday, Johnston County schools will have a two-hour delay. There have been 2,300 rescues since Hurricane Matthew hit, and for the first time Friday night, McCrory said there were no rescues necessary. Remarkably, two healthy babies were born in mobile hospitals in very rough conditions. Here's what you need to know: Evacuations in Lumberton, Princeville, Kinston, Lenoir County, Vass, and Goldsboro Edgecombe, Johnston, Lenoir, and Sampson county schools are closed Monday. Cumberland County, Harnett County, and Clinton City schools have a two-hour delay Monday Moore County is no longer under evacuation order A boil water advisory has been issued for parts of Wayne County A boil water advisory has been lifted for Johnston County, with the following exceptions: Mulberry Road, Parkertown Road, Adams Road, 678-1723 Five Points Road, Shadowwood Road, Three Sisters Drive, Berneze Court, Fred Circle, Millennium Court, Otter Hole Drive, Princeton Kenly Road and Ralph Drive 25 people in North Carolina have died. I-95 and I-40 have reopened. All rivers are expected to return to below flood stage by October 24. 2,521 people remain without power across the state There are about 2,179 people in 35 emergency shelters WATCH: McCrory gives update on Hurricane Matthew relief efforts, flood damage You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1559205" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Governor Pat McCrory McCrory has said that he had one of the most emotional days of his life Friday, touring the devastated towns across eastern N.C. "While our recovery efforts are going strong, we still have many people who need assistance," said Governor McCrory Monday. "The good news is that most of the rivers have now crested and are currently receding, but we still have a long way to go." In Princeville, nearly 80 percent of the town is underwater. About 2,220 people have been evacuated from the historic town. MOST STRIKING IMAGES FROM HURRICANE MATTHEW Those who qualify for individual and public assistance in Edgecombe County can call (252) 824-0108 for help. CHECK OUT A LIST OF ROAD CLOSURES HERE McCrory says of the 25 people in North Carolina who have died because of the storm, almost all of them have been vehicle-related deaths. The latest deaths were in Cumberland County and Wayne County. The governor said they were each found in submerged vehicles. "This has been the cause of nearly every one of our deaths, either people walking or being caught in their cars," McCrory said Saturday morning. Get the latest breaking news updates on the ABC11 news app Thursday, US Army Specialist Timothy Smith and Sgt. First Class Timothy White did not hesitate to dive in and rescue a black Labrador from the flood. McCrory said as he's toured the hardest hit areas, it's clear to him that it's the poorest of the poor in North Carolina who have suffered the most as flood water has inundated neighborhoods, severely damaging homes and ruining cars. He asked the nation to dig into its pockets to help out. "These people have nothing. Nothing. And if you want to help, now is the time to help these people," he said. "They are sitting right now in high school gyms. There are whole families." McCory said the state has activated the NC Disaster Relief Fund in partnership with the United Way. CLICK HERE FOR HOW YOU CAN DONATE or text NCRECOVERS to 30306 If you have items to donate like water or clothes, dial 211 and someone will direct you on where to go. The Red Cross and Salvation Army are partnering with the county to help the donation center. MORE: WANT TO HELP? FOOD BANKS NEED DONATIONS AFTER MATTHEW For people stuck in shelters, McCrory said the state is working with Walmart to get long-term prescriptions to people who need their medicine. CLICK HERE FOR SHELTER INFORMATION The goal is to get people in shelters into hotels and rental property while their homes are flooded or remain too damaged inhabit. Some will be moved to long-term FEMA housing when it becomes available. WATCH: Edgecombe County women treks through floods to see if her home is damaged You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1555349" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Tracy Modica checked to see if her house was destroyed after Hurricane Matthew You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1558044" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Officials say the water levels should be back to normal by October 24 Report a Typo Related Topics: weatherhurricanesevere weatherhurricane matthewfloodingNorth Carolina Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2016 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. HURRICANE MATTHEW 'Sunday Supper' in Raleigh benefits hurricane victims Fayetteville lifts spirits in hard-hit subdivision Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes After floods, Princeville fire dept. in need of rescue Town of Princeville tries to save fire department More hurricane matthew WEATHER Rainy start to the work week Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather November's super moon will be even bigger than usual Giant snowballs mysteriously appearing Goldsboro's last makeshift shelter from Matthew closes More Weather Top Stories 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Man involved in fatal March crash killed on same road Calif. deputy was 'executed,' sheriff's department says Woman finds crashed car day after it goes off the road Trump in 1st post-election interview says he's willing to deport millions More suspects sought in Philadelphia 'flash mob' attack Show More Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome President-elect Trump names Priebus Chief of Staff Viewing area gets first taste of chilly weather Late turnover lifts Chiefs to 20-17 win over Panthers Wetter weather helps firefighters in western NC blazes More News Top Video 3 rushed to hospital after shooting in Raleigh Durham elections board defends election night actions Morrisville police investigating shooting at townhome What you need to know about the supermoon More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business Saving Money Malls are closing for Thanksgiving, but what about their stores? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why a third of Clinton supporters say Trump's victory is illegitimate Can Trump's children serve both his transition team and his business? KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana Customers' frustration with retailers opening on Thanksgiving has reached a boiling point this season, with dozens of malls across the country closing for the holiday.  By Rebecca Lehmann, Brad's Deals October 15, 2016 Save for later Saved The Mall of America in Bloomington, Minn. Jim Mone/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Consumers' frustration with retailers opening their doors on Thanksgiving Day to launch their Black Friday sales has been building for several years. Now, the tide may finally be turning.  CBL & Associates to close 73 malls on Thanksgiving Day. Much is being made of CBL & Associates' decision to close 73 of its 89 mall properties on Thanksgiving Day, especially as it comes on the heels of a similar announcement from  Mall of America. According to  CNBC, the closures will give roughly 1,500 mall employees nationwide and between 750 and 2,000 retail employees per property the opportunity to spend Thanksgiving with their friends and families. Some rough math puts the estimated number of workers with the day off somewhere around 100,000. "We think that for our employees and for the store employees, they deserve the day off and to be able to spend the day with their families," CBL CEO Stephen Lebovitz told CNBC. "Thanksgiving is a special holiday, and it's unfair for them not to be able to enjoy it like everyone else can." Recommended: Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. It's the first time since 2012 that CBL properties will be closed for the entirety of Thanksgiving Day. Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. Photos of the Day Photos of the Weekend In 2015, most CBL properties stayed closed throughout the day, but opened for the start of evening sales at 6pm, then closing again at midnight,  citing a lack of foot traffic once the early evening doorbuster sales expired and fewer retailers expressed any interest in staying open later. What's really behind Thanksgiving mall closures? One major reason that retailers and mall operators are feeling more comfortable with closing on Thanksgiving is that more and more promotions are available before the holiday, and more doorbusters are now available online. As much as shoppers cheer these closures, the capitulation is less driven by a desire to appease the angry mob than it is an acknowledgement that, to put it bluntly, closing on Thanksgiving simply is not hurting their holiday sales figures anymore. The malls close, but the stores don't always follow suit. While the proliferation of mall closures does put pressure on the smaller retailers who rely on foot traffic inside the mall, the big box and departments stores that typically anchor malls often have their own separate entrances and are unlikely to budge. Shoppers hoping that major players like  Target,  Walmart,  Best Buy and Kohl's will retreat to Black Friday are likely to be disappointed. Check out our comprehensive  2016 Black Friday Guide to keep up on the latest news, deals, and ads you actually care about, including  The Master List of Stores Staying Closed on Thanksgiving. This article first appeared in Brad's Deals. The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best personal finance bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger,  click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link in the blog description box above. Next up Test your knowledge Are you a smart shopper? Take our quiz. First Look Amazon to add 120,000 hires, as holiday shoppers pick online over in line For how much longer Will Black Friday be a thing? Saving Money Black Friday 2016 shoe deals: Save big on boots, sneakers Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 How Americans are handling post-election hate GOP-controlled Congress will still need Democrats Cover Story Why climate change divides us Minority women make big strides on Election Day The president is commander in chief? Yes, but it's complicated Popular Now Hillary Clinton widens lead in popular vote: Does it matter? First Look KKK rally planned: Can Trump and the GOP disown the Klan? First Look Dogs sniff out invasive species of mussel in Montana First Look How crisis hotlines are helping people cope with the election results Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules?   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Weekend Latest News Trump tweets dig at New York Times: Will he quit Twitter as president? Doing Good Difference Maker A Denver native brings the vast outdoors to at-risk youths Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
HOME NEWS Nation Election 2016 Israel World Los Angeles California Weekly Edition Israel Inside the minds of young Americans in Israel who chose Trump, Clinton or neither Nation Team Trump pulls tense Jerusalem all-nighter Nation After Trump’s win, Jews in red states feel emboldened, or embattled Israel Foxman: Trump should ‘gradually’ move embassy to Jerusalem Nation INTERVIEW: Norm Coleman on Trump strengthening the U.S.-Israel relationship OPINION Rob Eshman David Suissa Marty Kaplan Dennis Prager Shmuel Rosner Danielle Berrin David N. Myers Bill Boyarsky Gina Nahai Michelle K. Wolf Steve Greenberg Letters to the Editor Opinion Winning with Donald Trump Letters to the Editor Letters to the Editor: Rabbi Sholom Levitansky,, Israel and the election Opinion After the election, let’s learn to listen David Suissa Dealing with shock Opinion Oy Oy Oy, American Jews dismayed with Trump should come home to Israel HOLLYWOOD Hollywood Hollywood Jew The Ticket Keeping it Real Serious Stern Hollywood Wonder Woman Gal Gadot announces pregnancy on Twitter, Instagram Hollywood Lights, camera, no action: When will Hollywood diversity include disabilities? Hollywood Israeli actress Odelya Halevi joins ‘Revolt’ Hollywood Kirk Douglas votes for Hillary Clinton Hollywood IFF to honor Sharon Stone for peace work in Israel CULTURE Culture Lifestyle Religion Food Books Calendar TRIBE Live Events Obituaries Religion A prayer for our country after the election Culture Leonard Cohen, my father and me Culture Leonard Cohen eulogized by Netanyahu, Rivlin: Someone ‘who loved Israel’ Culture Leonard Cohen, whose Jewish-infused poetry and songs inspired generations, dies at 82 Lifestyle Gift baskets 101: How to make your own BLOGS Latest blogs Advice & Living Community Food Health & Science Hollywood & Ent. News & Politics People & Dating Religion World & Travel All blogs Rosner's Domain Sunday Reads: Kissinger on Trump and Obama, Leonard Cohen’s 5 most Jewish songs We Said Go Travel Did I love sailing on the Carnival Breeze? The Wide Angle Trump’s Needed Act Jewish Insider Daily Kickoff: Advisor signals Trump might not move Embassy to Jerusalem From the Lupertverse 7 Haiku for Parsha Lech Lecha INFO     Get in touch Contact us About us/FAQ Advertise Letter to the Editor Submit a Letter Newsletter Subscription Read the JJ Paper Subscription Pickup Locations Weekly Edition Archives RSS Download the Jewish Journal App iPad iPhone Android Kindle Fire Community Community Calendar Post an event EveryJew.com City Guide Marketplace SUPPORT THE JEWISH JOURNAL Jewish Journal RECENT HEADLINES Netanyahu is right and wrong about Palestinian ‘ethnic cleansing’ RECENT HEADLINES Israeli security chief in DC reportedly to sign $38B defense assistance pact RECENT HEADLINES Pence refuses to validate David Duke ‘deplorable’ label RECENT HEADLINES Saving Adam Krief and Etz Jacob Monday - November 14, 2016 Get Jewish Journal On your Mobile Device WRITE FOR US Cover Story SUBSCRIBE LATEST Cover Story POSTS The case for Hillary Clinton: A brighter future The case for Donald Trump: Voting for the judiciary Eating this election: A recipe for world peace MORE POSTS LATEST NEWS Inside the minds of young Americans in Israel who chose Trump, Clinton or neither A prayer for our country after the election Team Trump pulls tense Jerusalem all-nighter After Trump’s win, Jews in red states feel emboldened, or embattled Leonard Cohen, my father and me ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Faces of homelessness in Los Angeles by Eitan Arom Posted on Oct. 14, 2016 at 5:07 pm Photos by David Blumenkrantz Cal State Northridge journalism professor David Blumenkrantz traveled to four locations in the San Fernando Valley in August to photograph and speak with homeless individuals in an attempt to spotlight — and humanize — the issue that has risen to crisis proportions in Los Angeles. Here are some excerpts from those encounters. Kim and Isaac Sofer Kim: [We stay in] Van Nuys, usually around the Super King. Well, we do as much as we can. It’s a struggle, but we do it. We usually have a tent. We really haven’t had any troubling situations because we’re both kind of stand-offish, where people don’t want to mess with us. People ... want to keep away from us. We kind of put that out there. We have to. That’s the only way that you stay safe out there, is to put something, or you’re going to get your ass beat ... Isaac: The public just thinks that all homeless people are drug addicts and the scum of the earth, and they don’t even consider them people. Kim: The way they look at us and the way they talk to us. ... Isaac: They’re people out here, if you take just — Kim: — consideration to say hello — Isaac: — a minute, two minutes to sit there and talk to them, you’d find out that 90 percent aren’t monsters or drug addicts and a lot of times that they just — Kim: — want a friend.  Isaac: Are just going through a rough patch —  Kim: — need a smile — Isaac: — had life s--- on them and that’s what they’re doing. They’re sitting there, trying to survive, trying to get to a better place, but nobody’s giving them a chance. Keith Collins I basically live in the Valley. I work, and I spent all of my money on rent. So I just choose to stay in my van. Otherwise, I’d probably have to spend most of everything I make on rent. Since 1998, I think it was. I park it where I can. I’m a paratransit driver for Access ...  I’m in pretty good health. Well, if I can find affordable rent, like I said, I probably could rent an apartment, but to spend everything, everything I own ... I probably have too much saved to qualify for any type of rental assistance. Maybe, I’m not sure, but I’m just waiting for a situation where I can find affordable rent. Basically, that would be $400, $500 a month, maybe. Because when you start renting, what happens is, you make the same thing and your rent keeps going up, so you may go into a situation where it’s affordable now, but later, it may not be. I come to this location [North Valley Caring Services] for showers. I earn enough to eat OK, you know. I do eat here sometimes, sometimes not. The assistance here seems to be pretty, you know, pretty good. I mean, I just go about my business and I shower a couple of times a week. Otherwise, I just kind of live a normal life, besides sleeping in my van.  Brook Carillo I’m 44. I was born and raised in Chatsworth ... I’ve been homeless now for five now ...  I worked for the movie industry. I’m a scenic painter. You know, I do the sets. If this wall was just given to me and they said, “OK, make it look like New York City,” then they’d film on it and it goes on tape. But you work 12 months, 12-hour, 16-hour days and then you’re off for six to eight months. And by that time, bills are paid up, debts are paid up, you end up with nothing. So it was really hard for me to try to keep money to get rent to pay first and last. It’s really difficult. That’s like the hardest thing. ... You’re one paycheck away [from] being homeless. Everybody in this world is, you know. And the ones that are homeless that want to get out of the situation get mixed up with the drug addicts and thieves and the scummy ones that never take showers and totally take advantage of every system possible and don’t try to help themselves.  But then there’s us, there’s the other half who try to do what we can to better ourselves to get us back into the real world and to do better things. I mean, most of us have 10 toes, 10 fingers. We can work, but they just don’t give us jobs because you don’t have a mailing address. You don’t have a mailing address so there’s nowhere to send anything from work. You have no shower sometimes, you know, and they’re capping all the hose faucets and everything all around the whole city. I mean, you can’t go anywhere to find a hose to just rinse off. Even when it’s 110 [degrees], they don’t care, they just cap them off. Because the homeless will go there, they’ll find a spot, and they’ll shower there. Jessie I got evicted from my place. I’ve been homeless four months now. They’re trying to raise up the rent, trying to up the rent, so they found a way to evict me. They made up some stories that I owe this sum and owe that much money, but I went to court and fought it, but eventually I lost so ...  Currently now, I have a job, thank God. I work at Walmart, so I keep, I hold on to that job. Very grateful. It’s not easy, you know? I just got used to sleeping in the car, you know? That’s very hard. This guy tried to rob my car one night and tried to steal my car, but luckily he didn’t pull out any weapon or anything like that. I usually park it at work. They let me park over there. This [MEND Poverty] is the only place I take showers or a friend’s house, sometimes. I have a girlfriend. She’s in Alabama. So, I’m trying to save up money and probably move back over there with her. I usually hang out at the library, read some books, you know. Sometimes I go out to the park, just keep in touch with nature, exercise, move around. Basically that’s what I do pretty much when I’m not working. I don’t even pay attention to society anymore. I mean, my focus in life is just to better myself, you know? I don’t really care about what other people think about me. I don’t really care about that. I’m just here to survive and try to better myself. That’s my priority right now. RELATED TOPICS homeless los angeles COMMENTS View our privacy policy and terms of service. ADVERTISEMENT PUT YOUR AD HERE Sign up for our newsletter More news and opinion than at Shabbat dinner. Trending in Cover Story A guide for the perplexed California voter: State propositions and county measures SHARES My sexual assault, and yours: Every woman’s story SHARES Digital hate: After the election, will this be our new normal? SHARES The case for Donald Trump: Voting for the judiciary SHARES Jewish Journal Home Hollywood Culture Calendar Food U.S. Israel Los Angeles Obituaries Opinion World Sports EveryJew.com Torah Portion Marketplace Email Newsletter Sign Up Don’t miss any of the latest news and events! Get the Jewish Journal in your inbox. JewishJournal.com is produced by TRIBE Media Corp., a non-profit media company whose mission is to inform, connect and enlighten community through independent journalism. TRIBE Media produces the 150,000-reader print weekly Jewish Journal in Los Angeles – the largest Jewish print weekly in the West – and the monthly glossy Tribe magazine (TribeJournal.com). Please support us by clicking here. © Copyright 2016 Tribe Media Corp. All rights reserved. JewishJournal.com is hosted by Nexcess.net Web Design & Development by Hop Studios 1.3171 / 65
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon is hiring 120,000 seasonal employees for the holiday rush BI Intelligence Oct. 15, 2016, 1:30 AM 2,444 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also The online furniture market continues to mature Baidu is seeking capital for an on-demand meal delivery service Management shakeups hit Walmart and Target This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Amazon plans to bring on 120,000 temporary hires for the holiday season, a 20% increase from last year, reports The Wall Street Journal. Amazon is notably bucking the trend of other retailers — companies like Target and Toys R Us are keeping their holiday hiring flat compared with last year. This positions the company to outperform competitors this holiday season while potentially onboarding new shoppers that will stay on into the new year. These seasonal workers will be a vital resource for the high-volume holiday season. Most online retailers experience a significant spike in order volume during the holidays. However, consumer deadlines for gift-giving and inclement winter weather make retailers particularly vulnerable to shopper dissatisfaction at this time. In fact, peak shipping volume was so extensive during the 2015 holiday season that in the week leading up to Christmas Day 2015, UPS could only deliver 91% of packages on time, and FedEx 95%, according to ShipMatrix. Amazon's extensive holiday hiring could help it push out a higher volume of orders more quickly. Furthermore, it may help Amazon outperform competitors that are not increasing their holiday hires, despite a 25% forecasted jump in online sales year-over-year (YoY), according to a reportfrom PwC. Fulfillment is vital to e-commerce companies as it can significantly impact consumer loyalty. This is especially true for Amazon considering that its Prime membership program has amassed up to 70 million global members since it launched in 2005. The program guarantees free two-day shipping on eligible items, which places a lot of strain on Amazon over the holidays as members utilize the fulfillment option. In fact, 78% of US members cited free two-day shipping as the primary reason for signing up, according to RBC Capital Markets. While the shipping option has attracted many shoppers, it leaves Amazon at risk of not being able to fulfill all of its orders, which could lead to customer loss. Should the increase in temporary hiring prove successful, it will solidify Amazon's dominance and could translate to even more engaged customers after the holidays are over. The parcel delivery industry — a segment of the shipping sector that deals with the transportation of packages to consumers — is booming thanks to e-commerce growth, and players outside the industry want a piece of the pie.  Evan Bakker, research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on the future of shipping that looks at efforts by Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart to handle more of their own shipping and concludes that big retailers are well positioned to disrupt the parcel industry. Here are some of the key points from the report:  Transportation and logistics could be the next billion dollar opportunity for e-commerce companies. The global shipping market, including ocean, air, and truck freight, is a $2.1 trillion market, according to World Bank, Boeing, and Golden Valley Co. There is much at stake for legacy shipping companies, which have seen a boom in parcel delivery as e-commerce spending has risen. Twenty different partners currently share the duties of shipping Amazon's 600 million packages a year, with FedEx, USPS, and UPS moving the most. Amazon, Alibaba, and Walmart have so far focused on building out their last-mile delivery and logistics services but are increasingly going after the middle- and first-mile of the shipping chain.  Amazon has already made major moves across each stage of the shipping journey. It launched same-day delivery service, which it handles through its own fleet of carriers, cutting out any third-party shippers. The company also recently began establishing shipping routes between China and North America. Walmart's interest in expanding its transportation and logistics operations is almost purely related to cost-savings. It's begun leasing shipping containers to transport manufactured goods from China and is making greater use of lockers and in-store pickup options to cut down on delivery costs. Alibaba has begun leasing containers on ships, similar to Amazon's Dragon Boat initiative. This means that Alibaba Logistics can now facilitate first-mile shipping for third-party merchants on its marketplace. In full, the report: Sizes the market for the shipping industry. Explains how the industry operates in broad terms. Suggests why major e-commerce retailers should disrupt the space. Outlines the shipping initiatives of Amazon, Walmart, and Alibaba. Concludes how these moves might impact traditional carriers. Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. » START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. » BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the future of shipping. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing E-Commerce Future of Shipping Amazon facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon is hiring 120,000 seasonal employees for the holiday rush Amazon is hiring 120,000 seasonal employees for the holiday rush This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
clock menu more-arrow Cageside Seats Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Sections Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub more Fanposts Fanshots Sections WWE Raw WWE WWE SmackDown TNA Cageside Seats Features Full Archive Rumor Roundup Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ WWE Cageside Seats Features WCW WrestleWar ‘92 results, live retro blog: Sting’s Squadron vs. Dangerous Alliance New, 68 comments by The Notorious Eddie Mac@notoriouseddie Oct 15, 2016, 1:00am EDT tweet share pin Rec Well... I’ve been meaning to do this for a pretty long time. And you’ve wanted me to do this for a pretty long time. That long wait is over. This Saturday night, the Live Retro Blog is WCW’s WrestleWar ‘92, taking place on May 17, 1992 from the Jacksonville Memorial Coliseum in Jacksonville, Florida. And returning after a year-long absence (for WCW) is WarGames: The Match Beyond. Wait... WarGames: The Match Beyond? Que? Como? Huh? What? Longtime fans don’t need an explanation, but for those that have never seen a WarGames match, it goes like this: The match takes place in a double-ring enclosed steel cage (the rings are side by side). Two teams of four (or in this case, five) face off in what is billed as “the most dangerous match in wrestling”. Two men start (one from each team), and they wrestle, fight, etc. for five minutes. When the five minutes are up, a coin toss determines who can send a man in for their team. The winner sends their man in immediately. The loser must wait two minutes before they can send their guy in. The teams alternate sending their men in at two-minute intervals. Important to note: there are no pinfalls in this match. And anything goes. Once everyone is in the cage, THE MATCH BEYOND begins. Only at this point the match can be won, and not a moment before. The match can only be won when someone submits or surrenders. If your guy submits or surrenders, your team loses. It may sound a bit confusing, but once you see it in action, you’ll understand it quickly, I bet. This incarnation of WarGames will feature The Dangerous Alliance of “Stunning” Steve Austin, “Ravishing” Rick Rude, The Enforcers (Arn Anderson and Larry Zbyszko), and Bobby Eaton versus Sting’s Squadron, which consist of Ricky “The Dragon” Steamboat, Dustin Rhodes, Nikita Koloff, Barry Windham, and... Sting. Obviously. Plus two titles are on the line as The Freebirds will challenge for the United States tag titles held by Terry Taylor and Greg Valentine and Brian Pillman defends the light heavyweight title against “The Z-Man” Tom Zenk. Showtime is 7pm ET for this Live Retro Blog. That’s 6pm CT, 4pm PT, 1pm Hawaiian, and midnight in Britain. Everywhere else, figure it out. Broadband connection and WWE Network subscription required (as it is that version of the show we’ll be watching. Don’t have the Network? You can get it here. First month’s on the house if you’re a new subscriber. Not our house. Theirs. You... you get it, right? Or if you don’t feel like giving your card number, you can get a WWE Network subscription card at a 7-11 or Walmart or Gamestop.) Pics and GIFs are welcome in the Live Retro Blog, but keep them to a minimum as you’ll need to frequently refresh as the show progresses. This Saturday night, prepare... FOR WAR! Hi! I’m Eddie Mac. I’ll be your captain this evening. Let’s watch some live retro wrestling! CONFIRMED MATCHES WARGAMES MATCH: Sting’s Squadron (Sting, Barry WIndham, Dustin Rhodes, Nikita Koloff, and Ricky Steamboat) vs. The Dangerous Alliance (Rick Rude, Steve Austin, Arn Anderson, Larry Zbyszko, and Bobby Eaton) WCW UNITED STATES TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP: Terry Taylor & Greg Valentine vs. The Freebirds (Jimmy Garvin and Michael Hayes) WCW LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP: Brian Pillman vs. Tom Zenk #1 CONTENDER’S MATCH FOR THE IWGP TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP: The Steiner Brothers (Rick & Scott) vs. Tatsumi Fujinami & Takayuki Iizuka Booming voice intro running down the teams, PYRO AND BALLYHOO! We are LIVE from the Memorial Coliseum in Jacksonville. Tony Schiavone and Eric Bischoff are your hosts, with Jim Ross and Jesse Ventura at the commentary table. Tony and Eric briefly run down the rules of WARGAMES and chat a bit about Sting's injured ribs. Jesse compliments Jim Ross' tie and Ventura brings up an interesting point: with Sting the WCW world champion in WARGAMES, there are nine potential challengers to the title in that match. Can Sting even trust his own guys, or will greed get in the way? Match 1: The Freebirds (Jimmy Garvin and Michael Hayes) defeated Terry Taylor and Greg Valentine at 16:02 to win the WCW United States Tag Team Championship. Garvin hit the DDT on Taylor after he backdrops Valentine and Hayes KO's him. Side note: this is the last time the titles change hands on PPV. Just over a month later, they lose the titles to Dick Slater and The Barbarian on Main Event. A month after that, the titles are retired. Match 2: Johnny B. Badd defeated Young Pistol Tracy Smothers in 7:03. Left hook—probably closed fist (Ventura thinks so)—knocks out the Pistol. Missy Hyatt's with the new US tag champs and I'm assuming their manager, Precious. Or... something. And they chat about the NWA world tag title tournament. Wait... Precious? Also, obligatory "behind every successful man, there's an equally successful woman" early 1990s reference. FUTURE EDDIE ALERT: Note that we don't say this in 2016 because it's been shown time and time again that women can be successful on their own. Match 3: Scotty Flamingo defeated Marcus Alexander Bagwell in 7:11. Bagwell rolled up Flamingo, then Scotty reverses said rollup and holds the tights. Promo for WCW's next PPV Beach Blast '92. Video of Junkyard Dog (in a tux) running in from the crowd to aid Ron Simmons against a two-on-one assault on Abdullah the Butcher & Cactus Jack. Match 4: Junkyard Dog and Ron Simmons defeated Cactus Jack and Mr. Hughes at 5:22. Pre-match, the two teams split off, with Cactus Jack taking out JYD with an elbow off the ramp, then Simmons backdrops Jack on the ramp. Referee Bill Alfonso informs them that one of them has to go as Ron rushes back. It ends up being Simmons and Hughes, with Simmons virtually dominating. Match 5: The Super Invader defeated Todd Champion in 5:26. This was a match that happened. On PPV. Not surprisingly, it was cut from the home video release. As was the next match... Match 6: Big Josh defeated Richard Morton at 7:33. Also a match that happened. Morton's finishing maneuver, Northern Exposure, was basically the Earthquake Splash. FUTURE EDDIE ALERT: Big Josh would make his last appearance for WCW a week later with a win over Tracy Smothers. He would return to the WWF late in the year as... the original Doink. Pretty heated interview with Brian Pillman and Tom Zenk from WCW Saturday Night leads into this title bout between friends. Match 7: "Flyin'" Brian Pillman defeated "The Z-Man" Tom Zenk at 15:30 to retain the WCW Light Heavyweight Championship. Best match on the show to this point. Pillman worked on the leg throughout the match and it paid off. Zenk missed a missile dropkick. Match 8: The Steiner Brothers defeat Tatsumi Fujinami and Takayuki Iizuka in 18:17 to become the #1 contenders for the IWGP Tag Team Championship. Top rope belly to belly from Rick wins it for him and his brother. Also Tatsumi Fujinami is awesome and is the man. BTW: the team that held the IWGP tag titles at the time: Big, Bad, and Dangerous (Vader and Bam Bam Bigelow.) FUTURE EDDIE ALERT: The Steiners would beat BBD for the tag titles a month later at the awesomely named Masters of Wrestling. Match 9: Sting's Squadron defeated The Dangerous Alliance in WARGAMES at 23:27. It's Zbyszko that drops the ball for the Alliance when he hit Bobby Eaton on the shoulder with a steel bar. Sting went right for the arm and Eaton gives up. The Alliance is LIVID as the Squadron celebrates. By the way, four people bled in what was a BRUTAL match. EDDIE MAC'S QUICK REVIEW If you don't want to slog through the PPV to get to the main course, here's the WARGAMES match (WWE Network link). There's a couple good bouts on the show, but there's A LOT of filler. Probably being a bit generous with the rating, but the meat of the show is REALLY GOOD MEAT. So a fair rating for the show would be... 8 out of 10, yeah? Yeah. So... let's do it again next week, yeah? More From Cageside Seats Joey Styles fired from Evolve WWE Survivor Series 2016 will be a 6 hour show, and it’s just too much Rumor Roundup (Nov. 12, 2016): Hulk Hogan WWE return talk, Sasha Banks, Charlotte vs. Bayley, more! A fun WWE poll with a baffling result Conor McGregor cuts a great promo after UFC 205 win WWE Survivor Series 2016 match card, rumors Trending WWE Survivor Series 2016 will be a 6 hour show, and it’s just too much Rumor Roundup (Nov. 12, 2016): Hulk Hogan WWE return talk, Sasha Banks, Charlotte vs. Bayley, more! Rumor Roundup (Nov. 11, 2016): Shane McMahon, Baron Corbin plans, Roman Reigns situation, Sin Cara, more! Rumor Look Back: May 6 - 12, 2016 This Day in Wrestling History (Nov. 13): Christian Makes The Jump This Article has a component height of 36. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 40° F Clear Wind E at 4 MPH Pressure 1024 MB Dewpoint 24° F Visibility 10 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics 2016 Election Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Cheers! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Let's Get Dirty Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Ask a Pro Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter: Oct. 15, 2016 By Staff Friday, October 14, 2016 Man booked on new charge A 27-year-old man wanted for fleeing a scene in September, where distribution-level amounts of drugs were allegedly found, was arrested on new drug possession charges early Friday. Justin Leech was issued a $10,000 cash-only bond in his case stemming from an incident Sept. 14 in which he and Tre Richardson, 22, were found sleeping in a car near Pear Park Elementary. Police allegedly found distribution-level amounts of methamphetamine and other drug-related items in the vehicle, and Leech ran from sheriff’s deputies. Leech was allegedly in possession of five grams of methamphetamine, as well as drug paraphernalia, when he was detained by police who had pulled over a car he was riding in early Friday. He was issued a $500 cash-only bond in the new case Friday in county court. According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ Someone entered a business in the 700 block of Main Street on Sept. 29 and vandalized the property. ■ Someone broke into a vehicle in the 2400 block of U.S. Highway 6&50 on Sept. 29 and removed items, totaling a loss of greater than $50. ■ Sharly Simon, 25, is accused of DUI on Oct. 8. ■ Edward Zagrany, 28, is accused of DUI on Oct. 8. ■ Someone vandalized a residence in the 2300 block of S. Falcon Point Court on Oct. 13, causing a loss less than $50. ■ Patrick Kramer, 38, is accused of criminal mischief on Thursday.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Someone stole a vehicle in the 3000 block of Bookcliff Avenue Tuesday. ■ A victim lost about $3,000 Wednesday after being scammed into paying for an item he tried to buy online through an ad, after sending payments to Walmart and Albertsons.   According to the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Jerod K. Sparks, 32, Montrose, is accused of domestic violence, harassment and misdemeanor menacing on Thursday. ■ Joshua R. Drown, 28, Montrose, is accused of DUI and other charges on Thursday. ■ Eli D. Booher, 18, Montrose, is accused of DUI on Friday. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Independent Contractor BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Journeyman Electricians Montrose Electrical Contractor is now hiringJourneymanElectricians Administrator Small Water UtilityWestern Slope ColoradoWater Utility... Part-time Instructor For Veterinarian Assisting Program Bishop Campus, Grand Junction, COResponsible for teaching Vet... Manager CSU's Southwestern COResearch Center,Yellow Jacket, CO, seeks a Manager, Marketing And Member Relations Glenwood Springs HeadquartersPosition is responsible for planning... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2016 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Home Weather 66° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Valley Arizona Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Close 'I wouldn't be here today if Metrocenter wasn't in existence': Mall memories shared This mall opened its doors in 1973 and the new plans on leaving a portion of the stores. Jen Wahl, KPNX 9:13 PM. MST October 14, 2016 Metrocenter Mall's future is uncertain. Oct. 13, 2016. (Photo: 12 News) (Photo: Stegen, Anne) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST PHOENIX - The owners of the iconic Metrocenter Mall in Phoenix -- which was featured in the popular late '80s movie, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure -- said this week they eventually plan to demolish large portions of the mall. The plan is to turn Metrocenter into a "true urban village," but that's not stopping people from turning to social media and sharing their memories at the shopping center from over the decades.  Timothy Marquez said he met his wife there in 1995. Jane Brown said she met Alice Cooper when she was working at Musicland. Brandi Nordstrom Mostofo said it was the first place she went after she got her drivers license. Marlene Maxwell has a lot of great memories of the shopping center.  Mike Torrez said he'll miss the lower level arcade. Out with the old and in with the new is not so easy to take, especially when your family is here because your parents' love story began at Metrocenter Mall. "My dad kept asking out my mom, and that's how they met. So I wouldn't be here today if Metrocenter wasn't in existence," said Erik Praskins. "They were more concerned about safety, and so some of the new places started opening up, and they suggested I go hang out there," Praskins said. The old Metrocenter mall site will make room for a Walmart Supercenter, offices, housing and healthcare -- but will leave the Valley with a lot to remember. Do you have any memories from Metrocenter? We would love to hear from you on Facebook and Twitter.  Copyright 2016 KPNX CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Eat at your own risk: The Dirty List Get ready for supersized sky show Woman killed, 2 children critically injured after hit by vehicle Valley family reunited with dog after 9 years Community helps the coin man Starbucks BOGO holiday drink special "You're going back to Mexico" Vote shamed 'Mystery of the Desert' draws visitors to AZ roadside attraction for decades F*** TRUMP' tagged on Phoenix home More Stories Don't miss the spectacular supermoon show this weekend! Nov 11, 2016, 2:24 p.m. Trump: No 'big' vacations, no salary as president Nov 13, 2016, 7:40 p.m. President-elect Donald Trump names Reince Priebus as… Nov 13, 2016, 2:43 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local EVB Live Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog More... Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money More Features Dollars & Sense Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News TV Listings Advertise with Us NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey © 2016 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC cars.com Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Featured Community Law & Order Health Sports Columns State Obituaries E-Edition More Meetings Subscribe to the Times of Wayne County Advertise in The Times November 14th, 2016 Subscribe Now E-Edition Login Advertise Featured Community Law & Order Health Sports Columns State Obituaries E-Edition More Meetings Subscribe to the Times of Wayne County Advertise in The Times QUICK LINKS E-Edition Login Advertise Subscribe Obituaries Home Meetings Macedon Town Meeting   Thurs., Oct. 13, 2016 October 14th, 2016 Wayne Times Meetings 0 comments 158 Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest  Town of Macedon Supervisor,  Sandy Pagano, called a regular meeting of the town board to order at 7:30 PM in the Macedon Town Hall. Meeting minutes from the September 22, 2016 Town Board Meeting were approved, as presented, as was the September Police and Town Clerk Reports. A presentation was then given by Jean O’Connell and Heather Maloney of J. O’Connell & Associates Inc., Grants Consultants of Clarence, NY which represents municipalities and school districts across the whole of New York State. and has been in business for 25 years, to date. It was noted that the company has 10 employees in the office, 5 of whom are grant writers.   O’Connell explained that the company initially responded to the town’s RFP and has since written a grant application on behalf of the Town of Macedon and regarding a dissolution grant, noting that the town has already scored 15 out of 20 points towards said grant, which has not yet been decided. Additionally she noted that the company is also in the process of writing a second grant on behalf of the town.   O’Connell then explained why an annual contract would be a better choice for the town’s needs and what services the town can expect if their company were under an annual contract. She noted that the Town of Macedon would have been eligible for a minimum of 4 additional grants since they began their working relationship together, (A Canal Grant, DOT Bridge and Culvert Repair Grant, Grant FEMA and a TAP-DOT Sidewalks and Trails Grant) of which deadlines have now or will soon pass. If the town were under contract the company would monitor all available grants and eligibility through its grant researchers, would write and submit grant applications on behalf of the town and would follow through on each application, providing all details on receipt or denial of each application. Ms. O’Connell explained, “The money is out there, but if you’re not in the game playing, you will lose the game. To date, the town has paid $7,000.00 towards the dissolution grant application and $2,500.00 towards the second (possible $50,000.00) dissolution grant application. It was noted that an annual contract is $36,000.00, to be paid at a rate of $9,000.00 quarterly. With that being said, Ms. O’Connell offered a $2,500.00 credit from the second grant which the town has already paid to count towards the annual contract. The board clarified t they would, be interested in an annual contract, however it may not be an option the town can afford for this year’s budget. At 7:45 a Public Hearing was held regarding Local Law #4 of 2016, an Override of the Tax Levy Limit. Several public comments were heard, questioning the board as to why the proposed budget will need to go above the 2% tax cap. Supervisor Pagano, along with Councilman Kenyon, explained that this override is in place in order to protect the town as there are some pieces in the budget that are unfunded state mandates, of which the town has no choice but to include in the budget. Councilman Babcock explained that this year’s tax rate has been set at .6% and gave an example of rising insurance costs, which is an unavoidable expense. He also noted that the Macedon Public Library has also requested a $15,000.00 increase in funding, and has garnered a great deal of public support for and will additionally be publishing an appeal for this increase in the Macedon Messenger which will be distributed to all Macedon residents in the near future. While the board acknowledged the large number of residents that came forward to rally in support of, they explained that the money must come from somewhere, which eventually adds to the annual budget and, in turn, could potentially cause an increase in taxes. When discussion ended, the hearing was closed at 8:03. During the round table portion of the meeting, Councilman Kenyon shared that the board is continuing to pursue Workman’s Compensation quotes from both the county and through other avenues in an attempt to secure the best rate available for the town.  Councilman Maul shared that a sports club has expressed interest in planting a young sapling memorial tree in Bullis Park in honor of a member who has recently passed away. The board gave its consent to move forward with the planting and Highway Superintendent,  Chris Countryman, agreed to assist in location choice and planting of the tree in advance of the cold weather. Councilman Babcock thanked Supervisor Pagano for her hard work and perseverance regarding waste water services through Monroe County and also shared that the Solar Zoning Committee held its first meeting earlier in the day regarding the zoning of solar panels.  Highway Supervisor,  Chris Countryman, reported that the department has been prepping trucks for the winter, repaired the Canandaigua Road Canal Bridge dip, completed several paving projects and will be paving the Public Safety Building lot next week. Macedon Village Mayor, Bill Murray, approached the board to assure the town that the village will commit to paying for all the Special Districts for the 2017 budget, and is currently trying to accrue figures in order to help budget for the individual district expenses. He also confirmed that the village will be able to supply the Special District funding to the town by December 31, 2016. Lastly he shared that the village will be moving forward with replacing all current street lighting bulbs with LED bulbs in an effort to save money for the lighting district in the future. Approved business items were as follows: • Approval of Proposed Local Law 4 of 2016;  an Override of the Tax Levy Limit • Approval to schedule a Public Hearing to be held on Thursday, November 10, 2016 at 7:45 Pm for the purpose of discussing a Telecom Acquisition LLC BELL Atlantice Mobile LP (d/b/a Verizon Wireless) regarding a Special Use Permit and Site Plan for a 170 foot telecommunications tower to be located at 0 Frey Road in the Macedon Town Hall • Approval for Officer David Demchuk to be appointed to the position of Provisional Sergeant • Approval to declare a 2011 Ford Crown Victoria Police vehicle surplus and sold via sealed bid process •Approval to amend Resolution # 190 of 2016 seeking County and School participation in Article #7 Litigation expenses for the year of 2016- for DB Properties, LLC. • Approval to amend Resolution # 191 of 2016 seeking County and School participation in Article #7 Litigation expenses for the year of 2016- for Spoon Exhibit Services •Approval to amend Resolution # 192 of 2016 seeking County and School participation in Article #7 Litigation expenses for the year of 2016- for High Precision Properties, LLC. •Approval to amend Resolution # 193 of 2016 seeking County and School participation in Article #7 Litigation expenses for the year of 2016- for WalMart •Approval to schedule a Public Hearing regarding the Farmington Fire Association Fire Protection Service for the 2017 to be held on Thursday, October 27, 2017 at 7:45 PM in the Macedon Town Hall •Acceptance of the Resignation of Police Officer David Kline, a part-time Police Officer for the Town of Macedon Police Department, with regret and thanks for his services to the town • Payment of Claims in the amount of $172,781.90 No other business came before the board and the public meeting was adjourned at 9:02 PM to meet in Executive Session regarding a personnel matter. The next regular meeting of the town board will be held on Thursday October 27, 2016 at 7:30 PM in the Macedon Town Hall, which will be followed by a public Joint Town and Village of Macedon Board Dissolution Meeting. By Becky Block Related Posts Meetings County Board Meeting   Thur.., Nov. 3, 2016  The Wayne County Board of Supervisors held a special session on Thursday to meet as a Committee of the... Meetings Walworth Town Meeting   Thurs., Nov. 3, 201 Supervisor Marini called a regular meeting of the Walworth Town Board to order at 7:30 PM in the Walworth... Meetings Walworth Town Meeting   Thurs., Oct. 20, 2016  Supervisor Marini called a regular meeting of the Walworth Town Board to order at 7:30 PM in the Walworth... Weekly Timeline Nov 13th 5:46 AM Obituaries Lanni, Andrea J. Nov 13th 5:45 AM Obituaries Casserino, Joseph A. Nov 12th 7:09 AM Breaking/Featured This is How Our County Voted Nov 12th 7:09 AM Sports Newark Diving Champ signs with Ohio State Nov 12th 7:09 AM Community Ceilidh Band returns with Celtic Concert Nov 12th 7:08 AM Community Clyde-Savannah HS Drama Club presents “The Pajama Game” Nov 12th 7:08 AM Law & Order Traffic Stop Leads to major arrest for Alton Man Local Weather FROM 13WHAM.COM Nov 14, 2016 - Mon Macedon, United States 45°F clear sky 6 m/s, WSW 42% 761.31 mmHg Weekly Quote "No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. " Robin Williams Ron Holdraker Columns It’s… “The Donald” Nov 11th, 2016 Dan Borrello Columns The Little Engine That Should Nov 11th, 2016 Follow @WayneTimes Featured Community Law & Order Health Sports Columns State Obituaries E-Edition More Back to top Times of Wayne County Proudly serving all of Wayne County including Macedon, Walworth, Ontario, Marion, Lyons, Sodus, Newark, Clyde & Palmyra. Quick Links E-Edition Login Subscribe to the Times Advertise Contact us © Times of Wayne County 2016. All rights reserved. Portions are Copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed.
