Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Arts & Entertainment Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-01-19 / Nation Tweet Print With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval By Josh Boak Associated Press FILE - In this Wednesday, Dec. 21, 2016, file photo, Miracle Stewart, right, an employee of Amazon PrimeNow, prepares bags to fill with orders from customers making purchases, at a distribution hub in New York. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) WASHINGTON  — From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world's largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President-elect Donald Trump's demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Trump, in response, has taken to Twitter to signal his approval. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" he tweeted Tuesday afternoon. Yet it's unclear just how many jobs are actually being saved or created as a result of Trump's push or whether his administration will hold companies accountable for their pledges. In a solid job market with just 4.7 percent unemployment, hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs are added all the time for a broad range of reasons. Trump has boasted that he deserves the credit based on what chief executives have told him, despite evidence to the contrary provided by those same companies. "Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!" the president-elect declared on Twitter on Wednesday. GM announced Tuesday that it was creating or keeping 7,000 jobs, while Wal-Mart said it planned to hire 10,000 and support an additional 24,000 construction jobs with store openings and expansions. Those announcements followed Amazon's commitment to add 100,000 workers through mid-2018 and a bold claim by the Chinese online retailer Alibaba that it would create 1 million U.S. jobs over the next five years. That extravagant pledge would make Alibaba alone responsible for over 10 percent of all jobs added each year — an unheard-of feat in the modern economy. Many economists say the hiring being celebrated by Trump reflects, more than anything, the health of the $18.7 trillion economy he is inheriting. "Between the election and today, unless you work on Capitol Hill in D.C., nothing fundamental has changed in the U.S. labor market," said Andrew Chamberlain, chief economist at the jobs site Glassdoor. To these economists, the latest high-profile hiring announcements suggest that companies are capitalizing on the politically charged climate. Trump has berated companies such as Nabisco for shuttering domestic plants in order to open factories in Mexico, while celebrating companies that publicly commit to hiring in the United States. What's more, nearly every major U.S. employer has tax and regulatory issues before the government. To that end, a sympathetic ear in the White House could be helpful. The heads of German chemical company Bayer and seed-and-herbicide-maker Monsanto met with Trump last week to pitch the benefits of a planned-for merger of the two companies that requires antitrust clearance. And Trump proudly tweeted reports Wednesday that Bayer would add U.S. jobs. By announcing new jobs, companies can use any existing hiring plans to ingratiate themselves with Trump by hitching their plans to his economic agenda, noted Patrick O'Keefe, director of economic research at the consultancy and accountant CohnReznick. "There is a degree of opportunism — in a positive way," O'Keefe said. GM plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories and to create or keep 2,000 manufacturing jobs as well as 5,000 positions in auto financing and engineering — moves the company had said were being planned well before the election. Trump had drawn attention to GM this month by threatening on Twitter to tax the automaker for selling Mexican-built cars in the United States. That set up GM's jobs announcement as a coup for Trump, even though the investment was already in the works. A GM spokesman said it was "good timing for us to share what we are doing." Wal-Mart's hiring similarly seems somewhat independent of Trump. The jobs stem largely from plans to open and remodel stores— work that would not be outsourced overseas. Wal-Mart is the nation's largest private employer, with 1.5 million workers in the United States, and its hiring rate this year will be similar to prior years, said Lorenzo Lopez, a company spokesman. These announcements follow hiring plans announced by Ford and Fiat Chrysler, among others. The auto executives were willing to let Trump promote their hiring plans, even though their decisions involved other market forces, including increased demand for SUVs as gasoline prices have dropped. Hyundai said Tuesday that it plans to invest $3.1 billion by 2021 on research and development at its factories in Alabama and Georgia. Chung Jin Haeng, chief executive of the South Korean automaker, said the decision had little to do with Trump. "The U.S. market is strategically important," he said. At the same time, Trump has also talked with companies about cutting their costs — a move that often involves slashing jobs. He met Tuesday, for example, with the CEO of Boeing, a company he had criticized in December over Twitter for the "out of control" price of two new planes for the Air Force One fleet. CEO Dennis Muilenburg said he chatted with Trump about how to lower the costs for the presidential planes as well as fighter aircraft. "I think Mr. Trump is doing a great job with engaging the business," Muilenburg said afterward. "We're all on the same page here." Not all the job announcements will necessarily come to fruition. Alibaba has said it expects to add a million U.S. companies to its online retail platform in the next five years. It asserted that sales to Chinese consumers would lead each of those companies to add, on average, one job each. This would translate into an astounding 250,000 a jobs a year in an economy in which every employer, combined, added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. "It's not rocket-science math," said company spokesman Brion Tingler, who nevertheless cautioned that the 1 million jobs being publicized were an "aspiration." Other than his social media megaphone, Trump doesn't appear to have the means to hold companies accountable for their jobs pledges. His transition team didn't respond to questions about how it planned to ensure that CEOs' promises to create U.S. jobs were fulfilled. __ AP Business Writers Tom Krisher in Detroit, Anne D'Innocenzio in New York and Youkyung Lee in Seoul contributed to this report. Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Local News Fort Morgan electric system not cause of Walmart blackout Tuesday Generator brought in Wednesday morning to provide electricity to store By Jenni Grubbs Times Staff Writer Posted:   01/18/2017 05:54:50 PM MST A power outage Tuesday at Walmart in Fort Morgan was the result of a failure in electrical equipment at the retailer, according to Brent Nation, water resources/utilities director for the city. "That was not an issue on our side," he told the Fort Morgan City Council Tuesday night. "Their switch gear, which is part of their facility and their maintenance requirements, more or less blew up on them." And while that caused the blackout at Walmart, the resulting power surge around 9 a.m. Tuesday did not cause other outages or negatively impact the city's electric system, Nation said. "It back-fed into our system, but our system handled the surge, and we didn't have any complications," he said. The city electric department did quickly became aware of what was going on at Walmart, though. "We did feel it, through our substation," Nation said. "They are basically on a direct feeder right out of the substation behind them. When we have anything happen with them it's so close to the substation it's very easy to know that it's happening. Walmart was without power for the rest of the day and night. Some workers at the retailer even posted pictures on Facebook of them wearing headlamps in order to be able to see to do their jobs. Early Wednesday morning, a generator was brought in and hooked up to provide power at the store. The Fort Morgan Electric Department did offer its help with dealing with the situation where possible, Nation said. Advertisement "We're trying to lend them as much assistance as we can," he said Tuesday night. "We've been working with them all day with finding the right people and parts they need for their system." And until those parts arrive and are installed, the generator was expected to be the power source for the store over a couple or few days, Nation said. But once that does happen, Fort Morgan electric workers will be there to observe and help with bringing the store back onto the city power system. "When they switch the generator off and switch back over to us, we'll have to be there," Nation said. Jenni Grubbs: jgrubbs@fmtimes.com or Twitter @JenniGrubbs Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Boxers from Fort Morgan Gladiators gym ready to fight For your information Ongoing events   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Blogs Baby Blog Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal complaint Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next 'Fat people are people too': Obese woman, who was humiliated after photo of her falling off a motorised scooter in Walmart went viral, hits back at online trolls Jennifer Knapp Wilkinson was pictured in Walmart falling off her scooter Photo went viral and mum-of-two, from the US, was humiliated by online trolls ‘My obesity is caused by my diet and also by my mental illnesses,’ she said She urged others to think and said it was never 'harmless fun' to laugh at people Described the photo as a reminder of a 'low point' in her life  Another woman Lizzie Velasquez also hit back after a meme made fun of her By April Glover For Daily Mail Australia Published: 21:36 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 06:11 EST, 23 January 2017 e-mail 4.2k shares 327 View comments She's the woman who appeared in a viral internet meme that was shared across the world. But now Jennifer Knapp Wilkinson has revealed the truth behind an image that captured her falling off a motorised scooter in Walmart. The image appeared on an online page ridiculing Walmart customers called People of Walmart. Now, four years after the picture was taken, Ms Knapp Wilkinson has spoken about that day and shared the shocking impact the humiliating experience had on her, saying: 'It is never just harmless fun to laugh at someone.' Jennifer Knapp Wilkinson has revealed the truth behind an image that captured her falling off a motorised scooter in Walmart ‘The worst thing about this photo is that people think a fat woman tipped over a cart because she was too lazy to get out of the cart to get the case of soda,' she said RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Ever seen an idea binned any faster?' Fitness star Kayla... From not using enough Emojis in a text to cheating... in a... 'I had no symptoms': New mother is diagnosed with breast... Are you in the infidelity danger zone? Study reveals when... Share this article Share 4.2k shares The 39-year-old mum of two says she is still suffering from obesity and struggles to lose weight because of her spinal condition, anxiety, ADHD and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Speaking to Daily Mail, Ms Knapp Wilkinson, from Missouri, said she only found out about the photo after her sister found it and asked if it was her.  She subsequently scrolled through hundreds of cruel comments that poked fun at her obesity.   She shamed bullies for assuming her obesity was because of ‘laziness’, saying the photo is now an eternal reminder of a 'low point' in her life REAL PEOPLE BEHIND VIRAL MEMES  The online trend of viral memes featuring real people has pushed many victims to speak up, including Lizzie Velasquez, 27, who suffers from a rare genetic disease which prevents the growing of fat underneath her skin. One particular meme, making fun of her looks, caused her to hit back. In a post to Facebook in response, Ms Velasquez said: ‘The innocent people that are being put in these memes are probably up just as late scrolling through Facebook and feeling something that I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. ‘No matter what we look like or what size we are, at the end of the day we are all human. I ask that you keep that in mind the next time you see a viral meme of a random stranger.  She said: ’At the time you might find it hilarious but the human in the photo is probably feeling the exact opposite.’   ‘The worst thing about this photo is that people think a fat woman tipped over a cart because she was too lazy to get out of the cart to get the case of soda,' Ms Knapp Wilkinson wrote in a candid post on Quora. ‘I have a condition in my spine called Spondylolisthesis. The most common symptoms in the legs include a feeling of vague weakness associated with prolonged standing or walking. In my case, the longer I stand the more numb and weak my legs become. I have been known to fall because of this condition.’  Ms Knapp Wilkinson was grocery shopping for her husband Robert when she fell off her scooter and was in enormous pain ‘Both my parents had a form of this disease and both had to have back surgeries in their early thirties. So there is a good chance my children can get the same spine disease,’ she said.  She shamed bullies for assuming her obesity was because of ‘laziness’, saying the photo is now an eternal reminder of a 'low point' in her life.  Lizzie Velasquez, 27, who suffers from a rare genetic condition, spoke out after one cruel meme made fun of her looks Kyle Craven, 27, found internet fame when his high school picture was turned into the ‘bad luck Brian’ meme She said, ‘I was at a very low point in my mental health. I also was experiencing a lot of pain and weakness that day. I took a cart because I was grocery shopping for my family. I went to get a case of soda for my husband.’ ‘I thought I saw a flash of light and heard some young girls giggling. I thought nothing of it because I am use to hearing people make fun of me or saying snide remarks. It was nothing new. Ms Knapp Wilkinson called on people to think before they poke fun 'I have also seen this photo attached to stories that aren't even true about this situation,' she went on. The stay-at-home mum said she wants people to know ‘fat people are people too’ and wants ‘compassion, understanding, and respect as a fellow human being’. ‘You can not see my disabilities but they are there and they are real. So next time you see photos making fun of people just remember you know nothing about these people or the struggles they face everyday,’ she adds. ‘It is never just harmless fun to laugh at someone.’     Read more: Jennifer Knapp Wilkinson's answer to Have you already had your ¿15 minutes of fame?¿ and if yes, would you tell us what was it? - Quora Share or comment on this article e-mail 4.2k shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... HE'S FIRED! Trump administration tells Border Patrol... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Drugged out USA: The moment a couple high on meth and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (327) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read How a mum made from cardboard healed my little girl's broken heart: Father reveals how his six-year-old daughter's madcap idea helped her grieve the loss of her mother to cancer  The money-making secrets that rich people swear by (and they're VERY simple to follow once you know what they are)  Dry January’s nearly over – what will your first drink be? Make it a good one with our guide to 2017’s top tipples!  ‘I was totally alone when I heard a woman singing a lullaby’: Reddit users reveal their most DISTURBING paranormal experiences (and some of them will keep you awake at night)  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman, as she says the role helped her to 'come alive'  Lifestyle guru and founder of Get The Gloss, Susannah Taylor reveals her favourite healthy breakfasts for 2017  'It tastes like it was made by Willy Wonka himself!' Virginia brewing company debuts an OREO beer - and sells out of the chocolate-flavored stout in a single day MORE HEADLINES 'He pretended to enjoy pineapple on pizza for 20 YEARS': The most shocking (and amusing) secrets people have kept from their partners The top 10 foods to eat to beat bloating and get a flat stomach, from trendy apple cider vinegar to Korean kimchi Career woman, 52, who once drank SEVEN sugar-laden coffees a day reveals how seeing herself 'covered in cellulite' while swimsuit shopping led her to change her body and her life MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is Workday's Wal-Mart Deal a Game Changer? Think twice before chasing Workday’s Wal-Mart rally. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:51PM Shares of Workday (NYSE:WDAY) recently rallied after Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) subscribed to its Human Capital Management, Recruiting, Learning, and Planning products. Wal-Mart has over two million employees and is the world's largest private employer, so it could easily become Workday's largest customer. Image source: Getty Images. Based on that employee count, Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White claims that the deal could potentially generate $100 million to $200 million in annual revenues for Workday. But White warns that Workday didn't specify how many Wal-Mart employees will be included in the deal, and that its revenue impact wouldn't likely be fully recognized in the first one or two years. Let's discuss what this deal means for Workday and Wal-Mart, and whether or not it makes the cloud applications provider a worthwhile buy. What this deal means for Workday Workday's enterprise cloud applications help organizations staff, pay, and organize their workforce. They also use analytics and machine learning to help organizations make financial and workforce-related decisions. Demand for Workday's services has been robust -- its revenue rose 68% in fiscal 2015 and another 48% in fiscal 2016. Analysts expect its revenue to rise 35% this year. That top line growth looks strong, but Workday's stock plunged in early January after it announced that some of its bigger deals were delayed by global uncertainties regarding Brexit, the U.S. presidential election, and other G8 country elections. As a result, Workday reduced its fourth quarter revenue forecast to 32%-33% growth, missing the consensus estimate for 34% growth. $100 million to $200 million in revenues would equal 5% to 10% of Workday's projected revenues for next year. However, Workday didn't update its guidance after the Wal-Mart announcement, and White's warning about the ramp up period indicates that investors shouldn't expect to gain a big tailwind over the next few quarters. Workday, like many other SaaS (software as a service) providers, is also struggling with profitability because the cost of securing new customers and price competition often outweigh its subscription revenues. Workday squeezed out a narrow non-GAAP profit of $0.03 per share last quarter, but it remains unprofitable on a GAAP basis. Therefore, Workday likely spent heavily to secure the Wal-Mart contract, but we won't see if the benefits outweigh the costs until a few years later. What this deal means for Wal-Mart Under CEO Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart invested billions into retraining its workforce, clarifying career advancement paths, and increasing wages. But Wal-Mart also recently announced that it will cut hundreds of jobs in a fresh round of layoffs -- many of which will come from its human resources department. Image source: Wal-Mart. Since that announcement coincides with the Workday deal, it's likely that Wal-Mart plans to use automated cloud services to take over some of those manual HR tasks. A few hundred jobs only represent a tiny slice of Wal-Mart's workforce, but those job cuts could still boost Wal-Mart's earnings, which are expected to drop 6% this year due to higher expenses. Looking ahead, Wal-Mart could also use Workday's analytics services to decide which departments to downsize and which ones to invest more heavily in. So is this deal a "game changer" for Workday? Partnering with Wal-Mart is a positive development for Workday, but it isn't a game changer. The ramp up period will be long, and it's unclear how many of Wal-Mart's two million employees will actually use Workday's services, so Drexel Hamilton's estimates might be too optimistic. Workday already serves plenty of Fortune 500 customers, and it's carved out a niche in the highly competitive cloud SaaS market that bigger rivals still can't touch. But it's also deeply unprofitable, and the stock trades at 11 times sales -- which is much higher than the industry average P/S of 4 for application software companies. Therefore, Workday's future looks bright, but I'd like to see steadier bottom line growth and lower valuations before I start a position in this volatile stock. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Workday. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:51PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Workday NYSE:WDAY $84.77 up $0.67 (0.80%) Read More Why Workday Inc. Stock Dropped Today Workday Falls Despite Punching in Another Great Quarter 3 Disruptive Growth Stocks to Buy Now Why Workday Inc. Stock Fell 15.9% in 2016 Here's Why Workday Surged 27% in March Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is Workday's Wal-Mart Deal a Game Changer? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $WDAY
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is Workday's Wal-Mart Deal a Game Changer? Think twice before chasing Workday’s Wal-Mart rally. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:51PM Shares of Workday (NYSE:WDAY) recently rallied after Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) subscribed to its Human Capital Management, Recruiting, Learning, and Planning products. Wal-Mart has over two million employees and is the world's largest private employer, so it could easily become Workday's largest customer. Image source: Getty Images. Based on that employee count, Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White claims that the deal could potentially generate $100 million to $200 million in annual revenues for Workday. But White warns that Workday didn't specify how many Wal-Mart employees will be included in the deal, and that its revenue impact wouldn't likely be fully recognized in the first one or two years. Let's discuss what this deal means for Workday and Wal-Mart, and whether or not it makes the cloud applications provider a worthwhile buy. What this deal means for Workday Workday's enterprise cloud applications help organizations staff, pay, and organize their workforce. They also use analytics and machine learning to help organizations make financial and workforce-related decisions. Demand for Workday's services has been robust -- its revenue rose 68% in fiscal 2015 and another 48% in fiscal 2016. Analysts expect its revenue to rise 35% this year. That top line growth looks strong, but Workday's stock plunged in early January after it announced that some of its bigger deals were delayed by global uncertainties regarding Brexit, the U.S. presidential election, and other G8 country elections. As a result, Workday reduced its fourth quarter revenue forecast to 32%-33% growth, missing the consensus estimate for 34% growth. $100 million to $200 million in revenues would equal 5% to 10% of Workday's projected revenues for next year. However, Workday didn't update its guidance after the Wal-Mart announcement, and White's warning about the ramp up period indicates that investors shouldn't expect to gain a big tailwind over the next few quarters. Workday, like many other SaaS (software as a service) providers, is also struggling with profitability because the cost of securing new customers and price competition often outweigh its subscription revenues. Workday squeezed out a narrow non-GAAP profit of $0.03 per share last quarter, but it remains unprofitable on a GAAP basis. Therefore, Workday likely spent heavily to secure the Wal-Mart contract, but we won't see if the benefits outweigh the costs until a few years later. What this deal means for Wal-Mart Under CEO Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart invested billions into retraining its workforce, clarifying career advancement paths, and increasing wages. But Wal-Mart also recently announced that it will cut hundreds of jobs in a fresh round of layoffs -- many of which will come from its human resources department. Image source: Wal-Mart. Since that announcement coincides with the Workday deal, it's likely that Wal-Mart plans to use automated cloud services to take over some of those manual HR tasks. A few hundred jobs only represent a tiny slice of Wal-Mart's workforce, but those job cuts could still boost Wal-Mart's earnings, which are expected to drop 6% this year due to higher expenses. Looking ahead, Wal-Mart could also use Workday's analytics services to decide which departments to downsize and which ones to invest more heavily in. So is this deal a "game changer" for Workday? Partnering with Wal-Mart is a positive development for Workday, but it isn't a game changer. The ramp up period will be long, and it's unclear how many of Wal-Mart's two million employees will actually use Workday's services, so Drexel Hamilton's estimates might be too optimistic. Workday already serves plenty of Fortune 500 customers, and it's carved out a niche in the highly competitive cloud SaaS market that bigger rivals still can't touch. But it's also deeply unprofitable, and the stock trades at 11 times sales -- which is much higher than the industry average P/S of 4 for application software companies. Therefore, Workday's future looks bright, but I'd like to see steadier bottom line growth and lower valuations before I start a position in this volatile stock. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Workday. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:51PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $65.66 down $-1.07 (-1.60%) Workday NYSE:WDAY $84.77 up $0.67 (0.80%) Read More Why Workday Inc. Stock Dropped Today Workday Falls Despite Punching in Another Great Quarter 3 Disruptive Growth Stocks to Buy Now Why Workday Inc. Stock Fell 15.9% in 2016 Here's Why Workday Surged 27% in March Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is Workday's Wal-Mart Deal a Game Changer? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $WDAY
Breaking News Opinion+ Political Op-EdsSocial Commentary U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Trump as job creator -- hope or hoax? By Douglas Rushkoff Updated 7:28 PM ET, Wed January 18, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Should Trump be credited with new auto jobs? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Should Trump be credited with new auto jobs? 04:24 Story highlights Rushkoff: Trump's slamming companies over jobs prompts them to credit him for hiring Trump will need these staged wins to get a nation to borrow billions for infrastructure Douglas Rushkoff writes a regular column for CNN.com. He is a media theorist, the author of the book "Throwing Rocks at the Google Bus" and professor of media studies at CUNY/Queens. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his. (CNN)The power of the tweet is in full force. Corporations give the appearance of buckling under pressure from Donald Trump to create more jobs in America. GM just announced it will be investing $1 billion more in US factories, and hiring as many as 7,000 workers over the next two years. Walmart claims it will add 10,000. But is this really what it seems? The GM deal "had been in the works for some time," a company spokeswoman explained, but "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." Walmart had previously announced its plan, as well. In other words, these companies are throwing Donald Trump a bone by highlighting their plans to the American public so that they may be viewed as a sign that his campaign is working. JUST WATCHED Carrier employee: We feel lied to Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Carrier employee: We feel lied to 02:21 Welcome to the reality show that is fast replacing American business. The plot is repetitive. Trump tweets an angry, only half-accurate accusation against a company -- say, that GM makes the Chevy Cruze in Mexico, and if they don't move production to America, he'll slap a 35% tariff on their cars. Read More The stock goes down a percent or more. Then the company makes a symbolic display of allegiance, and Trump tweets his approval: "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US." None of this matters, on a business level. These hirings represent shifts of labor as inconsequential as last month's announcement that Carrier -- thanks to "hard negotiations" by the President-elect -- would stop 800 whole jobs from going to Mexico. That's a drop in the bucket compared with the 5,000 private sector jobs Obama created daily -- if the total were averaged over his years in office -- 47% of which were in the "high wage" category, and none of which involved threatening tweets. JUST WATCHED Trump on bringing jobs back to America Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump on bringing jobs back to America 00:17 But there's a simple sense to Trump's approach to business. It's all about the sales job. It's not a question of real profitability, revenue, or trade imbalances so much as how we feel about them. For Trump, business is about instilling others with the faith they need to carry on. And this may just be the underlying fuel of capitalism. Trump is not as experienced in doing great, profitable business as he is in making people feel good about doing business with him. He has the heart and soul of a borrower. He knows how to sit around a table where he's the only one in debt, and somehow get the other guys to lend him even more money. He knows how to read a room, figure out what story those people need to hear, and then close the deal. JUST WATCHED Trump rips GM for making cars in Mexico Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump rips GM for making cars in Mexico 03:23 This is why Trump's business policies can only be understood through the lens of public relations. Mood over Moody's. Market sentiment, not market fundamentals. In his schema, it matters less how much money people are making or how secure their jobs really are than how much money they feel like they're making and how secure they believe their jobs to be. There may be no real defense against job-killing automation, outsourcing, and efficiencies. But a few big media-friendly, highly demonstrative job-saving gestures show these uneasy workers that someone in power is going to take care of them. Trump wants businesses to help him make America feel great again, and now those businesses are forced to decide whether and how far to play along. Companies may rightly fear a world in which their bottom lines can shift wildly on the basis of a single, untrue tweet. Some companies are already investing in emergency response plans in case Trump decides to tweet at them late one night. And the prospect of having to feign labor or other concessions in order to create the illusion of enduring domestic prosperity isn't pretty. Though, to be honest, if it works it could actually increase consumer confidence and get people spending again. This would then boost the economy, and create the very conditions we're pretending to celebrate. That's how salesmen like Trump bootstrap profit into existence. JUST WATCHED 'Hillbilly Elegy' author on Trump's job promises Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Hillbilly Elegy' author on Trump's job promises 04:31 Trump is depending on those same sales tactics to win over a nation and Congress that have come to resist fiscal policy, instinctually. Trump will need these staged wins to convince a nation to borrow billions of dollars to spend on infrastructure jobs. It will require a real showman to instill such courage in the current environment of self-defeating austerity. It may take a little borrowing and investment to kickstart an economy while also building the infrastructure that will be necessary once it takes off. If so, then the people are going to need to take a leap of faith. Just like any professional salesman, Trump's biggest job is to get America to take that leap with him. And he's hoping to convince us the only way a professional debtor and television pitchman knows how -- by staging a reality show in which America's biggest businesses are the unwilling supporting cast. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Can you save on your mortgage? The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor 2017 predictions: The next big travel trends Departures 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor Best health & wellness retreats to reboot Departures Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy The Motley Fool Powered by Livefyre Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Opinions / Trump as job creator — hope or hoax? Trump as job creator — hope or hoax? Posted on Wednesday, January 18, 2017 by CNN in Opinions The power of the tweet is in full force. Corporations give the appearance of buckling under pressure from Donald Trump to create more jobs in America. GM just announced it will be investing $1 billion more in US factories, and hiring as many as 7,000 workers over the next two years. Walmart claims it will add 10,000. But is this really what it seems? The GM deal “had been in the works for some time,” a company spokeswoman explained, but “the timing was good for us to share what we are doing.” Walmart had previously announced its plan, as well. In other words, these companies are throwing Donald Trump a bone by highlighting their plans to the American public so that they may be viewed as a sign that his campaign is working. Welcome to the reality show that is fast replacing American business. The plot is repetitive. Trump tweets an angry, only half-accurate accusation against a company — say, that GM makes the Chevy Cruze in Mexico, and if they don’t move production to America, he’ll slap a 35% tariff on their cars. The stock goes down a percent or more. Then the company makes a symbolic display of allegiance, and Trump tweets his approval: “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US.” None of this matters, on a business level. These hirings represent shifts of labor as inconsequential as last month’s announcement that Carrier — thanks to “hard negotiations” by the President-elect — would stop 800 whole jobs from going to Mexico. That’s a drop in the bucket compared with the 5,000 private sector jobs Obama created daily — if the total were averaged over his years in office — 47% of which were in the “high wage” category, and none of which involved threatening tweets. But there’s a simple sense to Trump’s approach to business. It’s all about the sales job. It’s not a question of real profitability, revenue, or trade imbalances so much as how we feel about them. For Trump, business is about instilling others with the faith they need to carry on. And this may just be the underlying fuel of capitalism. Trump is not as experienced in doing great, profitable business as he is in making people feel good about doing business with him. He has the heart and soul of a borrower. He knows how to sit around a table where he’s the only one in debt, and somehow get the other guys to lend him even more money. He knows how to read a room, figure out what story those people need to hear, and then close the deal. This is why Trump’s business policies can only be understood through the lens of public relations. Mood over Moody’s. Market sentiment, not market fundamentals. In his schema, it matters less how much money people are making or how secure their jobs really are than how much money they feel like they’re making and how secure they believe their jobs to be. There may be no real defense against job-killing automation, outsourcing, and efficiencies. But a few big media-friendly, highly demonstrative job-saving gestures show these uneasy workers that someone in power is going to take care of them. Trump wants businesses to help him make America feel great again, and now those businesses are forced to decide whether and how far to play along. Companies may rightly fear a world in which their bottom lines can shift wildly on the basis of a single, untrue tweet. Some companies are already investing in emergency response plans in case Trump decides to tweet at them late one night. And the prospect of having to feign labor or other concessions in order to create the illusion of enduring domestic prosperity isn’t pretty. Though, to be honest, if it works it could actually increase consumer confidence and get people spending again. This would then boost the economy, and create the very conditions we’re pretending to celebrate. That’s how salesmen like Trump bootstrap profit into existence. Trump is depending on those same sales tactics to win over a nation and Congress that have come to resist fiscal policy, instinctually. Trump will need these staged wins to convince a nation to borrow billions of dollars to spend on infrastructure jobs. It will require a real showman to instill such courage in the current environment of self-defeating austerity. It may take a little borrowing and investment to kickstart an economy while also building the infrastructure that will be necessary once it takes off. If so, then the people are going to need to take a leap of faith. Just like any professional salesman, Trump’s biggest job is to get America to take that leap with him. And he’s hoping to convince us the only way a professional debtor and television pitchman knows how — by staging a reality show in which America’s biggest businesses are the unwilling supporting cast. Donald Trump: 'Me generation' boomer-in-chief The full meaning of Donald Trump's finger on the nuclear button Related Posts Clinton and Colbert facing same problem? Koch Brothers are right on fair chance hiring How Congress, President Obama can get things done West’s Catch 22 on ISIS: Do we appease, or do we fight? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs plans Reuters | Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, 9:54 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 jobs in the country. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff.'” Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co. also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp. and United Technologies Corp. have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target — especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co. on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. More Business Labor secretary nominee's company outsourced jobs Genes may help grocery tomatoes catch up to heirloom taste Dow blows through 20,000 milestone Huntington Bank parent reports growth in profit Business Gallery — Oct. 16 TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Bed linens filled with mold blamed for deadly crisis in UPMC report Steelers notebook: Report: League will look into Bell injury reporting Expert: 'I would put money' on linens causing UPMC mold outbreak Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Nation & World January 18, 2017 9:18 PM The Latest: Trump talked to husband of slain Orlando officer Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Red Huber Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. Orlando Police Department via AP, File Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Red Huber A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank 1 of 6 i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ORLANDO, Fla. The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 9 p.m. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi says President-elect Donald Trump has reached out to the husband of a slain Orlando police officer. Bondi said Wednesday that Trump had a phone conversation with the husband of Lt. Debra Clayton, who was fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last week. Bondi describes the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." A suspect wanted for Clayton's slaying was taken into custody Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. Clayton was shot after she approached Markeith Loyd, who was wanted at the time for the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Loyd's first court appearance is scheduled for Thursday. --- 12:45 a.m. Neighbors where a fugitive wanted for the slaying of an Orlando police officer was taken into custody after a weeklong manhunt say they aren't surprised that the arrest came from detective work, not tips from the public. One neighbor in the west Orlando neighborhood where Markeith Loyd was arrested says people are scared of repercussions if they talk to police. Aaron Chance says that's the reality even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. Loyd was found in an abandoned house after a nine-day manhunt. Authorities had been offering a $125,000 reward for any tips leading to his arrest in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the killing of his ex-girlfriend in December. --- 10:20 a.m. Authorities want the courts to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer. An affidavit filed Wednesday with the Orange County Clerk of Courts shows authorities want to make sure 41-year-old Markeith Loyd remains in custody. Loyd arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. Loyd is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Authorities say Loyd's face was bloodied when he resisted officers taking him into custody. He was hospitalized overnight. --- 5:40 a.m. Authorities say a Florida man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. Authorities say Markeith Loyd was taken into custody Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. Loyd's face was bloodied when he resisted officers taking him into custody. Loyd is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Authorities say he killed the officer when she approached him outside the store. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Nation & World Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump Pause 1:30 Trump issues executive order to begin rolling back Obamacare 1:00 White House says hiring freeze respects the American tax payer 1:24 White House: TPP was not putting U.S. interest first 0:22 Man pardoned by Obama killed by masked men at halfway house 1:36 You may now kiss your dinosaur: How one bride surprised her groom 1:33 How to respond if you receive a robocall 2:37 Marco Rubio explains his decision to support Tillerson for Secretary of State 3:05 Tillerson: defeating ISIS is a priority, must be 'clear eyed' about Russia 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago Watch snow blower clear 10 feet of Sierra snow piled up on road in 1 minute 1:01 6 hours ago Watch snow blower clear 10 feet of Sierra snow piled up on road in 1 minute 3:11 8 hours ago Georgia police chief apologizes for 1940 lynching 2:26 a day ago Mexico president Pena Nieto rejects U.S. decision to build wall View more video Nation & World Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years The US rejected a ship of Jewish refugees, and a Twitter bot is telling their stories ‘Dishonest’ Melania profile is recycled for badly-timed cover of Vanity Fair Mexico She wasn’t a dentist, but she pulled teeth, filled cavities and billed anyway Haiti election cycle nears end with Sunday vote and more than 5,000 seats up for grabs Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar MLK Live the Dream Contest American Red Cross Jax Health and Fitness Expo MSABC Florida's Children First 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 479788656 Holiday Toy Drive More Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital by: MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press Updated: Jan 18, 2017 - 9:17 PM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Wednesday that President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation with Clayton's husband. Bondi described the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Loyd's face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. "He resisted arrest and there was force used," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. "We'll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force." Loyd's arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it's not surprising that the arrest didn't come from tips, even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. "Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people," said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. "Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons." SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend's death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon's brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents' home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital After new rape lawsuit, Baylor says made 'great progress' A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Business The business world falls under Trump's thumb Jeremy Tordjman, Agence France-Presse Posted at Jan 19 2017 12:09 PM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest US President-elect Donald Trump speaks to diplomats at the Presidential Inaugural Committee (PIC) Chairman's Global Dinner in Washington, U.S. January 17, 2017. Jonathan Ernst, Reuters WASHINGTON - With his carrot-and-stick manhandling of the US business community, President-elect Donald Trump has major companies falling over themselves to offer goodwill gestures and promises to create US jobs. This aggressive strategy -- in which Trump has publicly threatened major corporations over the use of foreign labor -- has sent ripples through a country that reveres free enterprise and is not accustomed to seeing the nation's chief executive go head to head with individual businesses.  But the tactic is creating the appearance of success.  Automaker General Motors and the retail giant Wal-Mart Stores on Tuesday joined the growing list of companies that have promised to ramp investment and employment in the United States since Trump began his post-election campaign against off-shoring US jobs. Trump has been quick to take credit for any job creation and new investments. BORDER TAX When NBC on Wednesday reported that many of the company announcements were "old news" given a fresh coat of paint, Trump responded with an angry tweet, calling it "FAKE NEWS!" Some firms may indeed have recycled investment plans long since announced or in the works, or emphasized job creation already scheduled. But all were acting under pressure from a president-elect who has used his Twitter account to threaten companies with a border tax and other punishments, frequently causing their share prices tumble as a result. "Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!" Trump said Sunday on Twitter. Under the Trump spotlight, Ford this month ended plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invest $700 million in the United States, while Fiat Chrysler repatriated production of one model and announced the creation of 2,000 jobs. Others in the auto sector have followed, including Toyota and GM, but companies in the tech sector, such as Sprint and Amazon, also have joined in. Trump has thanked some of his fellow business executives while also congratulating himself: "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff,'" he tweeted Tuesday. For companies, the upshot is above all symbolic: avoiding bad press, burnishing patriotic credentials and ingratiating themselves with the new administration. The trend started in December with Carrier, an Indiana manufacturer of air conditioners and home furnaces which came out ahead in the bargain with Trump, getting tax state breaks in return for keeping a few hundred jobs in the United States. Without unveiling new investments, other captains of industry have joined in the theater at Trump Tower in New York, the president-elect's headquarters, hoping to put out fires with the future inhabitant of the White House. After his company was called out for the high cost of the future presidential plane, the head of aircraft giant Boeing reported to New York in an apparent show of contrition. "We're on the same page to provide the best capability for the lowest cost," CEO Dennis Muilenburg told reporters. Others merely popped in to say hello, including Bernard Arnault, head of the French luxury group LVMH, who did not rule out expanding operations in the United States. 'THE BOTTOM LINE' Before his shock November 8 victory, the real estate magnate was not the business world's preferred candidate.  While Wall Street banked on a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton, most players in Silicon Valley were resolved to oppose Trump, with the Amazon founder Jeff Bezos even offering to rocket him into outer space, using the Twitter hashtag "#sendDonaldtospace."  After Trump's victory, the business world seems to have seen the light. "Before there was any chance that he would be elected, no one paid much attention to his program, which is what companies want: a lot of deregulation and tax cuts," said Aparna Mathur, a scholar at the conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute in Washington. Having both houses of Congress and the White House in the hands of a single party holds out the prospect of ending years of gridlock in Washington. One key point in Trump's agenda still could undermine his relations with the business sector: retaliatory import duties on goods from Mexico and China, which could end up being costly. "The bottom line is that if we are going to 'Hire American,' we are going to have to 'Sell American' -- sell our goods and services to the 95 percent of the world's customers who don't live in the United States," warned Thomas Donahue, head of the powerful US Chamber of Commerce. © 1994-2017 Agence France-Presse Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  US   US economy   Donald Trump   /overseas/11/11/16/tycoon-as-president-donald-trumps-conflicts-of-interest /overseas/11/18/16/american-muslims-and-donald-trumps-victory /life/11/23/16/pinay-beauty-queen-badly-wants-to-meet-donald-trump /video/overseas/11/25/16/what-are-the-2-sides-of-donald-trump /video/life/01/05/17/balikan-donald-trump-napahanga-sa-ganda-ng-pinay-beauty-queens LATEST NEWS MOST READ Steve Harvey arrives in PH to host Miss Universe January 28, 2017 PH Coast Guard, naglinis sa Manila Bay January 28, 2017 Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday- White House January 28, 2017 After trading barbs, Bulls clear the air January 28, 2017 FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines January 28, 2017 N. Korea urges repatriation of citizens in South who want return January 28, 2017 Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimper January 28, 2017 Papers cast new light on Britain's 'mad' George III January 28, 2017 Woods frustrated after missed cut at Torrey Pines January 28, 2017 Bolt turns in medal, says 'rules are rules' January 28, 2017 Trump orders 'great rebuilding' of US military January 28, 2017 76 arrested in Cebu City's 'Oplan Pokemon' January 28, 2017 Duterte, may panawagan sa MILF, MNLF January 28, 2017 Tax reform, kailangan para sa mga proyekto, ayon sa DOF January 28, 2017 Net income ng Pag-IBIG Fund, tumaas ng 19% January 28, 2017 Gloria Diaz names her top 5 Miss U bets Pia to the rescue as Maxine apologizes for terno gaffe LOOK: Angelica Panganiban stuns in red bikini LOOK: Radiant Maxine shines in Miss Universe preliminaries LOOK: Maxine Medina's national costume for Miss Universe Margie Moran picks her favorites after Miss Universe preliminaries LOOK: National costume show tests Miss Universe bets' poise, creativity Calif student forced to pee in bucket gets P62-M Filipina behind brutal 'Daisy' sex videos arrested Miss Canada speaks up about being 'large' Maxine Medina wrongly says Imelda Marcos invented the terno LOOK: Pia Wurtzbach wears iconic Mikimoto crown Bangs Garcia married Filipino-British husband three times Leni Robredo not invited to Miss Universe coronation Magkapatid, dinadala sa paaralan ang 2-anyos na kapatid para maalagaan BRAND NEWS How traffic and commuting every day affect your health Phoenix Petroleum taps Globe Business to boost employee productivity Electricity rates go down in January next BRAND NEWS How traffic and commuting every day affect your health Phoenix Petroleum taps Globe Business to boost employee productivity Electricity rates go down in January © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Saturday - Jan 28, 2017 Frontpage News Latin Briefs Health Editorial Arts & Entertainment Sports Calendar & Tourism Edition archives Contact Us Navigation Frontpage News Latin Briefs Health Editorial Arts & Entertainment Sports Calendar & Tourism Edition archives Contact Us How Trump could kill a plan to get overtime pay A rule that could get overtime pay for four million workers is in limbo, and Trump will help decide whether it survives. by Justin Elliot (ANALYSIS) — Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: “Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it’s their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.” One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana 2014 the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage 2014 affected 1,000 or fewer workers.  Here’s how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there’s a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: – You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. – You have to make more than $455 per week 2014 the equivalent of $23,660 per year. – And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today.  The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level 2014 which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit 2014 is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That’s double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that “the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done” including by reducing “workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement.” Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. Trump’s pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of “a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.” It’s not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn’t response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against “rewarding time spent rather than time well spent.” “What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager,” Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder.  The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it’s not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that’s known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn’t yet ruled on that motion. January 19, 2017 0 comments 116 viewson Frontpage Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus Pinterest Linkedin Mail this article Print this article Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. search Search for: English Español San Francisco, California 0C humidity: 0% wind: 0km/h N H 0 • L 0 Advertising © 2017 by ElReporterosf.com -
CLOSE Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Friday, January 27, 2017 Baltimore News Washington D.C. News Prince George’s County News Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Home !Front Page Markeith Loyd, Suspect in Lt. Debra Clayton’s Orlando Killing, Released from Hospital President-Elect Trump Reportedly Had Phone Conversation with Clayton’s Husband by: Mike Schneider Associated Press / (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) / January 18, 2017 0 700 tweet ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week’s fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Wednesday that President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation with Clayton’s husband. Bondi described the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as “a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that… this maniac is off the streets.” Loyd’s face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. “He resisted arrest and there was force used,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. “We’ll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force.” Loyd’s arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it’s not surprising that the arrest didn’t come from tips, even though it’s a good neighborhood to live in. “Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people,” said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. “Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons.” SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend’s death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon’s brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents’ home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. “Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider  SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleThe AFRO Tribute to President Obama Next articleFive Baltimore Music Artists to Watch in 2017 Mike Schneider RELATED ARTICLES Afro Briefs Captured: Alleged Killer of Orlando’s Lt. Debra Clayton NO COMMENTS AFRO BRIEFS NAACP President and Members Return to Alabama Monday for Court Hearing Afro Briefs January 27, 2017 Prosecutor: Man Attacks Muslim Airline Employee at JFK Afro Briefs January 27, 2017 Attorneys Release Bodycam Footage of Fort Worth Arrest Afro Briefs January 26, 2017 Texas Man Convicted in 2 Slayings at Subway Shop Set to... Afro Briefs January 25, 2017 Mexican Drug Lord El Chapo Lands in New York to Face... Afro Briefs January 19, 2017 Virginia Executes Ricky Gray Afro Briefs January 19, 2017 Signup for AFRO eBlast Phone: 800-AFRO-892 (800-237-6892) Fax: 877-570-9297 Baltimore, MD Office 2519 North Charles Street Baltimore, MD 21218 Voice: 410-554-8200 Washington, DC Office 1816 12th Street NW Washington, DC 20009 Phone: 202-332-0080 Contact us: webeditor@afro.com TRENDING ARTICLES GOP Congressman Seeks to Block Switch to Harriet Tubman $20 Bill National News June 21, 2016 Father’s Day Tributes – Baltimore Baltimore News June 19, 2016 White Supremacist Heads Mostly Minority School Afro Briefs August 3, 2011 AFRO-American Newspapers The Atlanta Voice The Chicago Citizen The Dallas Weekly Defender (Houston) Indianapolis Recorder Philadelphia Tribune St. Louis American New York Amsterdam News CONTACT US ADVERTISE with the AFRO Privacy Policy Subscribe © Copyright 2016 - The AFRO-American Newspapers Press f for fullscreen.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 12388921 Family Focus Family Focus Community Calendar Black Heritage 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital by: MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press Updated: Jan 18, 2017 - 9:17 PM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Wednesday that President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation with Clayton's husband. Bondi described the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Loyd's face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. "He resisted arrest and there was force used," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. "We'll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force." Loyd's arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it's not surprising that the arrest didn't come from tips, even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. "Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people," said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. "Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons." SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend's death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon's brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents' home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital After new rape lawsuit, Baylor says made 'great progress' A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks NA Scuffle Trump Startup Lahore Raees Cricket Print Story X Print Story Home / world / Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs | By  AAFP | January 18, 2017 World 0 0 Related Stories Springsteen tribute band pulls out of Trump inauguration bash Meet the Trumps: America's new first family WASHINGTON: Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer´s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan´s SoftBank, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and Amazon with a headline-grabbing promise to create 100,000 jobs. The latest additions to the growing list: Wal-Mart announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs, General Motors announced $1 billion in new US investments and pledged to create 5,000 new jobs. Trump -- who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda -- has been quick to take credit. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ´big stuff, ´" he tweeted on Tuesday. Trump last month denounced the $4 billion price tag on the next presidential plane, which is currently under development, threatened to cancel the order unless the price came down. Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of the aviation giant Boeing, visited Trump Tower in Manhattan on Tuesday, telling reporters he and Trump were "on the same page" about the cost and value of the jet. The president-elect´s message appears to be resonating. - ´Phony election polls´ - Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it is likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released the same day. But this confidence in Trump´s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama´s successor. Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. "The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before," he said on Twitter. - Democrats boycott - The president-elect was to leave Trump Tower for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on the capital, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman Lewis made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis´s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was "all talk talk talk -- no actions or results." 0 0 Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs was posted in world of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 18, 2017 and was last updated on January 18, 2017. This news story is related to President-elect Trump, Us Election, Approval Rating Us, World, World News, Geo, Geo News. Permanent link to the news story "Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/127753-Trump-to-take-office-with-dismal-ratings-except-on-jobs. More From World: January 28, 2017 Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport January 28, 2017 It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev January 28, 2017 Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump January 28, 2017 Trump orders ´great rebuilding´ of US military January 28, 2017 Malala heartbroken as Trump signs order for tighter vetting of refugees January 28, 2017 Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change January 28, 2017 New US UN envoy warns allies: back us or we´ll take names January 28, 2017 Trump signs executive orders to weed out 'extremist Muslims' Latest News 1 minute ago FDA finds toxic substance in homeopathic teething products, warns against usage 2 minutes ago Suspect gun down in a shootout: Karachi Police 15 minutes ago Filming begins on first Marvel superhero flick with black lead actor 1 hour ago Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport 1 hour ago US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 1 hour ago It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive City's annual fiscal reports highlight growing concern with Fire District funds Wednesday Jan 18, 2017 at 6:07 PM Jan 18, 2017 at 6:07 PM By Paola Baker Staff Writer BARSTOW — Amid concerns about the financial standing of the city’s fire district, the City Council on Tuesday night moved to discuss possible solutions at its next meeting while approving the submission of the city’s annual fiscal reports. One report showed that the fire district’s general fund is almost 35 percent lower than its expenditure coverage, which an auditor explained are funds available to cover expenditures if no other revenue is collected. The reports, which were items 10 and 11 on the agenda, were pushed back to allow Mayor Pro Tem Carmen Hernandez, consulting city engineer Brad Merrell and a representative from the city’s independent auditing firm to arrive after they were stuck in traffic due to an earlier crash on Interstate 15. Councilman Merrill Gracey was absent for personal reasons.  The meeting began with a certificate of appreciation awarded to Skyline North Elementary School honor student Orlando Sandoval. The sixth-grader led the meeting in the Pledge of Allegiance before Economic Development & Planning Manager Gaither Loewenstein introduced new Planning Commissioner Elbert Muncy III. “I’m very encouraged to get involved with my city,” Muncy said after thanking the city for the opportunity. As the council waited for its missing members, other items on the agenda were approved with unanimous votes and public comments were presented. The only public comment came from Chamber of Commerce executive director Eugene Butticci, who informed the public about several upcoming events, including a military appreciation day. Upon his arrival, Merrell presented a short update on the Super Wal-Mart construction project. Despite recent delays due to weather conditions, Merrell said the project was moving forward as expected. Once all members were present, the annual fiscal reports were presented. While Badawi & Associates representative Mitesh Desai said the city’s finances were in a good place, he brought up concerns about the Barstow Fire Protection District’s financial standing. “The district has incurred deficits which draw concerns about whether the entity will continue,” Desai said. “There are no liquid assets in the fund, so in the case of no revenues coming in — which is unlikely — there would be no way to pay for the fire district’s obligations without the city’s assistance,” Desai said. While Desai explained that the increase in the fire district’s net cost of service was directly related to an increase in pension liability due to recent changes with CalPERS, Councilman Timothy Silva said he wasn’t surprised at the numbers presented. “The concerns about the fire district have been ongoing for a while,” Silva said. “It seems to me that we’re still counting on property tax values increasing. At this point — seeing as we’re in the red — I can’t see property taxes increasing fast enough, even in a boom, to resolve this.” Silva also mentioned a recent workshop the city held where other options were presented. But assistant city manager Cindy Prothro said those potential solutions wouldn’t be included in the audit report until the city selects a course of action. “You’re right, the hopes of property tax was probably not a viable answer,” Prothro said, addressing Silva directly. “But hopefully within the next month or so, we actually select a course that allows us to put the language in there.” City manager Curt Mitchell said the city would discuss these solutions at another workshop expected to take place in February. All other items on the agenda, including the approval of updated memorandums of understanding with the Barstow Police Officers’ Association and with the city, were approved with unanimous votes. The council’s next meeting was moved to Feb. 21 due to the Presidents Day holiday. Full copies of the city’s annual fiscal reports and all other agenda items are available at www.barstowca.org. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts Updated: 11 mins ago A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos Updated: 35 mins ago Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire 8:30 pm Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested 6:57 pm Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen 8:15 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 39° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 35° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:02 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Suspect in Florida officer’s killing released from hospital By Associated Press Published: January 18, 2017, 8:46 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Related Coverage Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week’s fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that… this maniac is off the streets.” Loyd’s face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. “He resisted arrest and there was force used,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. “We’ll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force.” Loyd’s arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it’s not surprising that the arrest didn’t come from tips, even though it’s a good neighborhood to live in. “Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people,” said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. “Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons.” SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend’s death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon’s brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents’ home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. “Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. ___ Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Officers respond to heroin overdose of same man for 13th time: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on January 18, 2017 at 8:39 PM, updated January 18, 2017 at 8:44 PM comments MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio Overdose, East Miner Road: Officers responded to a home Jan. 5 for a report of a heroin overdose by a 24-year-old man. He was revived by paramedics and taken to the hospital. There were no signs of drug abuse found, but the man admitted he had used heroin earlier that day. Reports indicate police have responded to overdose calls related to the man 13 times since 2012. Theft, Mayfield Road: An employee of Nick Mayer Ford reported Jan. 8 there were 20 dealership license plates missing and one truck. He said there may be an additional 10-15 vehicles missing, but he was unable to provide paperwork. Police confirmed one of the missing plates was located by Bratenahl police on a stolen vehicle. Impaired driving, Mayfield Road: A Bedford man, 43, was arrested for OVI around 11:30 p.m. Jan. 5 after he was pulled over for having only one working headlight. Officers had dealt with the man earlier when they were called to Fox & the Hound because he was drunk and threatening other patrons. He was advised not to drive at that time. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Walmart employee was arrested for theft at the store Jan. 4. The Cleveland woman, 19, was said to have taken stolen merchandise and given merchandise to customers without them paying for it. Theft from building, Mayfield Road: A man said Jan. 5 he accidentally left his iPhone at the pool area at Gates Mills Place apartments after swimming Dec. 24 and it was gone when he returned for it. He said there were two older men and a younger female in the pool area while he was swimming and they were gone when he returned. He suspected they stole the phone. Disturbance, Worton Boulevard: Officers responded to a report Jan. 9 of a girl, 15, destroying a home because she didn't want to do her homework. The parents said they had an appointment in the morning with a counselor and they would separate from their daughter for the evening. Theft from building, SOM Center Road: A Lee Jeweler's employee reported Jan. 6 there were two pairs of earrings that went missing from the store during a liquidation sale in November. One set he valued at $3,700. The other, a 4.09 total carat set, he valued at $16,000. He said there was anywhere from 30-60 people in the store at a time during the sale so he did not believe he could identify a suspect on surveillance video. Harassment, Mayfield Road: A Gates Mills Place apartment's resident reported Jan. 7 someone wrote a threatening message on her door with red lipstick. She found a second message written on the door two days later. She said someone wrote the same thing on her door in September and someone, who was looking for drugs, also held a knife to her throat the previous week in a carport at the apartment complex. Theft, Golden Gate Boulevard: A Costco employee reported Jan. 6 a man, who does not have a membership, snuck into the store and stole a laptop computer. He said the man cut the security cable off the computer and covered it with a "purchase card." He said the suspect is believed to be a Cleveland man, 30, who is suspected of a similar theft at the Boston Heights location of the store. Theft by deception, Mayfield Road: A Walmart employee was charged with theft at the store Jan. 9. The Bedford woman, 19, was suspected of charging four customers for $25 Walmart gift cards and keeping the cards for herself. She was said to have done so on large purchases in hopes the customers did not notice. All of them contacted the store after realizing the charge on their receipts. Two of them have already been reimbursed. See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Officer unknowingly releases robbery suspect: South Euclid Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on January 18, 2017 at 8:49 PM, updated January 18, 2017 at 8:51 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio Robbery, Mayfield Road: CVS pharmacy was robbed around 10:30 p.m. Jan. 11 by an unidentified man who was said to have had his hand in his pocket as if he had a gun. He was believed to have been in the Giant Eagle parking lot a short time later asking people for a ride, but was sent away with only a warning by an officer because his clothing did not match the description given and the officer had to respond to CVS. The jacket he was wearing at CVS was later found near a Dumpster. It was believed the man took about $200 from the store. Criminal damage, Urban Drive: A woman reported Jan. 7 her boyfriend shut the garage door on her vehicle damaging the paint and breaking the spray nozzle on the rear window. She said they had been in argument and he was preventing her from leaving for work. Officers spoke to the man, who said the woman must have accidentally hit the button on her garage door remote control when she was leaving the garage. The woman was told to contact the prosecutor's office to discuss potential charges against the 43-year-old man. Weapons offense, Sheffield Road: Officers received multiple reports of 5-6 gunshots being fired around 10 p.m. Jan. 7. A witness said someone fired the shots into the air from an SUV as it drove away from in front of a house. The vehicle was not located, but four shell casings were recovered. Disturbance, Warrendale Road: Officers responded to a home Jan. 7, where a woman said she was trying to move from because her boyfriend was becoming erratic. The man told officers to take him to jail because it would seem like a vacation. They learned the man was going through some difficult times and the two had been arguing because the woman discovered he had gotten his daughter's mother pregnant again. The woman left the home and there was no further incident. Theft, Warrensville Center Road: A woman said Jan. 6 she and her boyfriend saw somebody rummaging through their vehicle when they were returning to it after shopping at Walmart. She said the male suspect sprayed her with pepper spray as she approached him and then ran off out of sight. She reported her iPhone was missing from the vehicle. Burglary, Victory Drive: A woman reported Jan. 6 a TV was stolen from her unlocked home while she and her husband were at work. The next day, she said her two daughters and their boyfriends came to the home after the officers had left and were questioning her as to why she called police. She said the men had guns and one of them threatened to kill her husband after he escorted them from the house. She said her husband ended up stabbing one of them in Cleveland later that night. Officers noted the woman was hard to understand and kept changing her story. Jan. 10, someone broke in and ransacked the house. A TV, six credit cards and $32 cash was reported missing. Officers determined entry was made through a kitchen window, which has an air-conditioning unit below it. The incident is under investigation. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Giant Eagle manager approached a suspected shoplifter in the parking lot Jan. 5 as she was placing items into her vehicle. She said the woman placed at least five cans of baby formula into her vehicle before driving away when she took out her phone to call police. Officers located the suspected vehicle, which continued driving recklessly and struck a stopped car in Cleveland. It was not located, but the driver was identified as a Cleveland woman, 49, and a warrant was issued for her arrest. Violation of temporary protection order, Mayfield Road: A Cleveland man, 32, was arrested for violating a protection order Jan. 9 after he was found on the property of Zumba Fitness, where he had gone to speak with his estranged wife at her place of work. He had notified officers that he was there to pick up his youngest daughter because he had missed an arranged pick-up time that morning to receive her. He also said the woman's boyfriend was outside with a baseball bat. He knew he was not supposed to be on the property, but said the woman has refused his time with his daughter on several occasions and he felt he had no other options to speak to her. Breaking and entering, Merrymound Road: A vacant home was found Jan. 10 to have been broken into and a refrigerator, oven and microwave were missing. It appeared someone had also tried to steal the dishwasher, which was found in the middle of the kitchen and still connected to a water and electric supply. The last real estate agent that had shown the home said he was working with a man who was interested in purchasing it, but backed out. Officers tried unsuccessfully to contact the man. Breaking and entering, Warrensville Center Road: A man reported Jan. 11 a kitchen window at his vacant home had been broken and he suspected somebody had been inside because the thermostat had been turned up higher. A neighbor said she believed the suspect is a Perry man, 29, who is the son of a man who rents a room from her at a house on Stonehaven Road. Later that day, a building manager of a vacant store on the same road said someone had kicked in the back door and there was a mattress inside the building. He had seen a man hanging around the building over the past week and suspected he was responsible for the damage. That suspect is believed to be the same man who broke into the home. Theft, South Green Road: A man reported Jan.7 someone stole three bottles of cologne, valued at $475, from his vehicle while it was parked in a garage at his residence. There were no suspects identified and there was no damage to the vehicle. Impaired driving, West Anderson Road: A Euclid woman, 34, was arrested for OVI and failure to control after she was found asleep behind the wheel of her vehicle at 2:28 a.m. Jan. 10. She could not stay awake to conduct sobriety tests and urinated in a cruiser when she was being taken to the station. See more South Euclid news at Cleveland.com/south-euclid. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » South Euclid & Lyndhurst news in your inbox Sign up for our South Euclid & Lyndhurst newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. South Euclid & Lyndhurst HS Sports Latest Brush HS News | Scores & Schedules | Teams About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Mother of deputy killed in crash: Markeith Loyd is responsible for my son's death Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd arrives in an unmarked van at Orange County Jail Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd arrives in an unmarked van at the Orange County Jail on Wednesday, January 18, 2017. Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd arrives in an unmarked van at the Orange County Jail on Wednesday, January 18, 2017. Rene StutzmanContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Mother of Orange County deputy killed in crash: Markeith Loyd is responsible for my son's death Privacy Policy The mother of the Orange County deputy who was killed last week during a manhunt for an accused fugitive cop killer says the suspect, Markeith Loyd, is responsible for her son's death and should be prosecuted for it. Norma Lewis, 58, of Port Charlotte, also said the motorist who caused the accident that killed her son should be prosecuted, as well. For him, a traffic citation is not enough, said Lewis. "No, not at all," she said. "We accept his apology but consequences have to be paid for." Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, an 11-year department veteran, died Jan. 9 in a fatal crash on Pine Hills Road, about two and a half hours after Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton was shot to death by a murder suspect a short distance away, according to authorities. PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the funeral services for Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy Norman Lewis. Deputy Lewis was driving south on Pine Hills Road when 78-year-old Billie Jarrard of Clermont turned his van left in front of him and Lewis crashed into its side, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. FHP is investigating and said Jarrard might face charges. Loyd is accused of gunning down Clayton when she tried to stop him at a Wal-Mart. There was a warrant for his arrest: He's accused of fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, who was three months pregnant, on Dec. 13. Nephew of Lt. Debra Clayton shocked that Loyd was found in neighborhood Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. See more videos The manhunt ended Tuesday night, when dozens of law enforcement officers surrounded a vacant house in the Carver Shores neighborhood where Loyd was hiding, and he surrendered. When she got word of the arrest, Norma Lewis said, "The first thing we said was, 'Thank you, Jesus.' Then I said, 'Lord, he took so many lives.' … He will have to deal with that." Even though Loyd was nowhere near the crash site, Norma Lewis said he was responsible for her son's death and should be prosecuted for it. "Had he not done what he did, my son would not have been on his way to help, where he was needed — he was a first responder — so yes." She did not say what penalty Loyd should face. It should be "whatever law applies," she said. The same is true for the driver accused of turning left in front of her son, she said. He should face something more severe than a traffic citation, she said. "You know what, he's still alive and Norman is not," she said. "He (Jarrard) was not obeying the law." Norma Lewis described her son as a big-hearted man who loved to help people — especially children and the elderly — and always carried a Bible. The one he had with him the day he died, she said, was opened to Psalm 23: "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want." "He knew … God giveth and God taketh," she said. "He always kept the faith." The deputy was her only surviving child, she said, and he loved to come back home to Port Charlotte to take care of her and his 88-year-old father, John Lewis. He visited once a month "to take care of us," she said. He mowed their lawn, took them shopping and took them to the beach, she said. "He always wanted to help," she said. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6394 Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Homicide Norman Lewis Markeith Loyd Orange County Florida Highway Patrol Pictures: Arrest of murder suspect Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd might escape death penalty without fix in law Man accused of killing Orlando police officer taken to jail after receiving treatment at hospital All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
null
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 27th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Suspect in Florida officer’s killing released from hospital Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Mike Schneider, The Associated Press on January 18, 2017. A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. – Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week’s fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that… this maniac is off the streets.” Loyd’s face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. “He resisted arrest and there was force used,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. “We’ll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force.” Loyd’s arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. Residents of the neighbourhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it’s not surprising that the arrest didn’t come from tips, even though it’s a good neighbourhood to live in. “Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people,” said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. “Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons.” SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armour and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend’s death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon’s brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents’ home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. “Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider . 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 9° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy skies. Low 11F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Breaking Police still waiting for identification on remains found at burned house Close 1 of 6 Red Huber Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Uncredited FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Red Huber Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) AP Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital By MIKE SCHNEIDER Associated Press Jan 18, 2017 0 Red Huber Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Uncredited FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Red Huber Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Wednesday that President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation with Clayton's husband. Bondi described the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Loyd's face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. "He resisted arrest and there was force used," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. "We'll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force." Loyd's arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it's not surprising that the arrest didn't come from tips, even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. "Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people," said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. "Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons." SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend's death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon's brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents' home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider . Tags Wire General News Arrests Violent Crime Law And Order Crime × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department On Holocaust Remembrance Day, Trump slams door on refugees 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 More on this topic Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department On Holocaust Remembrance Day, Trump slams door on refugees 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Most Popular UPDATE: Human remains found in burned home of Rupert suspect Obituary: Jason Rice 10:30 a.m. UPDATE: Winter storm pounds Magic Valley, closes schools Twin Falls tax preparer sentenced in federal conspiracy case Obituary: Jerry Norby Business Directory Latest Local Offers Mystic Paws Grooming, LLC Mystic Paws Grooming Provides Pickups And Drop Offs! We'll Pick up your Pooch...Groom them...& Drop them off! Call Today! (208) 735-1015 Updated Jan 25, 2017 Rocky Mountain Flooring Love your floors! Call Rocky Mountain Flooring today to schedule a free estimate and measure! 208-734-1100 Updated Jan 25, 2017 Currents +14 Southern Idaho Sports Photos: New England crushes Pittsburgh to advance to Super Bowl LI +15 National News Photos: Remembering the Apollo 1 tragedy, 50 years later Quiz Super Sunday: Test yourself with our Big Game Trivia Quiz! Today’s top pics: Lunar New Year celebrations and more Your daily 6: Blago's daughter unloads on Obama; another TV icon dies Today iIn History, Jan. 27: Auschwitz & Birkenau Today's Birthdays, Jan. 27: Patton Oswalt Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox Patriots' quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring No Bull: Wade, Butler, Rondo stand ground on strong comments Drew Barrymore 'still in shock' over her divorce Latest Local Offers Coleman, Lopes & Company's goal is to help you reach your financial goals and maintain financial independence through a comfortable retirement. ! Call Coleman, Lopes & Company today for more information! 208-735-0411 & 208-934-4355 Coleman, Lopes & Company pllc can guide you through tough decision-making processes such… Coleman, Lopes & Company 401 Gooding St N. Suite 201, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-735-0411 Ads Bryan’s Carpet Cleaning Has The Experience You Want We have proudly serviced the Twin Falls community since 1991 and take pride in our ability t… Bryan's Carpet Cleaning 208-736-7653 Currently Open Ads Reflexology may be able to help you manage your pain and stress! Try Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies today! 208-731-6267 The first step to living a healthy life is to balance your emotions. Stress, panic, grief, d… Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies 213 3rd Ave. E., Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-731-6267 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Latest News January 18, 2017 10:19 PM Suspect in Florida officer's killing released from hospital Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Red Huber Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. Orlando Police Department via AP, File Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Red Huber A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank 1 of 6 i By MIKE SCHNEIDER Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ORLANDO, Fla. Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week's fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he was hospitalized for most of the day with injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said Wednesday that President-elect Donald Trump had a phone conversation with Clayton's husband. Bondi described the conversation between Trump and Seth Clayton as "a brief, very touching, private conversation between two husbands." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Loyd's face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital for most of the day until he was transferred to the Orange County Jail Wednesday evening. He was scheduled for a first court appearance Thursday morning. "He resisted arrest and there was force used," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. "We'll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force." Loyd's arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it's not surprising that the arrest didn't come from tips, even though it's a good neighborhood to live in. "Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people," said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. "Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons." SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend's death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon's brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents' home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Latest News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border Pause 0:55 Miami Hurricanes warm up prior to Wednesday's game with Boston College 1:08 California Chrome's trainer preps for race 1:35 Nick Bjugstad ready to return to Florida Panthers lineup 0:50 Dion Waiters speaks to media after last-second shot beats Golden State Warriors 1:14 Marlins Park turns into a racetrack for the biggest driver in the world 2:51 Edmonton Oilers score late, beat Florida Panthers in OT 0:48 Shots disrupt MLK Day celebration 0:16 WPLG makes historic announcement 1:03 Cuban woman denied U.S. entry fears a violent return home Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Holocaust survivors remember those perished 1:02 a day ago Holocaust survivors remember those perished 0:55 2 days ago Miami Hurricanes warm up prior to Wednesday's game with Boston College 1:08 2 days ago California Chrome's trainer preps for race View more video Latest News It’s official: I-395 project on Trump’s list was already “fully funded” and is ready to go It’s a Carnival turf war in Haiti, with the president-elect vs. the mayor What sort of college dorm can $155 million buy? UM students will find out. Miami Beach restaurant saxophonist who sparked free-speech lawsuit can keep playing — for now Global outlook: Plenty of questions in 2017 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Arrests made after stolen police car found in San Jose Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS ABC7 News at 6 p.m. -- WATCH LIVE HERE Full Story Email NEWS Woman suspected of groping several people at Vacaville Wal-Mart Email share share tweet email none A groping suspect is seen in this undated image. (KGO-TV) KGO Wednesday, January 18, 2017 VACAVILLE, Calif. (KGO) -- Vacaville police are asking for the public's help to identify a woman accused of groping several people at a Wal-Mart store. Investigators say she inappropriately touched a female sales associate inside the store on Helen Power Drive on Sunday. She allegedly did the same thing to another female associate the following day, and groped a male customer in the parking lot. Vacaville police would like to hear from anyone who recognizes the woman. Related Topics: newswalmartgropingcrimeVacaville Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Arrests made after stolen police car found in San Jose Woman filmed hitting 94-year-old in custody Trump Pushes Voter Fraud Claim Citing Fringe Blogger Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet More News Top Stories Arrests made after stolen police car found in San Jose Trump signs executive action for 'new vetting measures' to keep terrorists out of U.S. Trump and Britain's Theresa May meet for first time Woman filmed hitting 94-year-old in custody FINNEY'S FRIDAY FREE STUFF: 7 Mile House french fries, Earplay classical concert tickets DC's March for Life to highlight gains by abortion opponents ICE search for sex offender leads to mix-up in SF Show More Warriors to face off against Clippers on ABC7 WB I-580 reopened at I-680 near Dublin after big-rig fire Ferry service returns to Berkeley Marina 50th anniversary of Apollo One fire Grandson discovers sweet video More News Photos PHOTOS: March for Life ABC7 Star: Dreamcatcher Youth Center helps exploited, abused youth Mary Tyler Moore through the years IN MEMORIAM: Celebrities who have passed away recently More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments200+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Trump is trying to put the bully back into the bully pulpit The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a “USA Thank You Tour 2016” event in Des Moines in December. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) By Philip Rucker By Philip Rucker January 18 Follow @PhilipRucker When President-elect Donald Trump successfully demanded that Carrier keep some manufacturing jobs from going to Mexico, he was criticized at first for bullying the heating and cooling giant and for violating the Republican Party’s free-market capitalist ethos. In the eight weeks since, however, the atmosphere has changed dramatically. Almost daily, in Twitter missives as well as private meetings, Trump continues to hector businesses to make investments in the United States. And he is receiving credit for announcements from some of the world’s biggest corporations — Bayer AG, General Motors and Walmart just this week — that they are keeping or adding U.S. jobs, even if their plans were developed long before his agitations. Trump is trying to put the bully back into the bully pulpit, modeling his governing style after Theodore Roosevelt, the president whose attacks on industry barons inspired the term. The Trump strategy is to change the behavior of corporations — not to mention the intelligence community and other creatures of Washington — through force of intimidation. His advisers talk about the president-elect’s provocations, such as threatening a 35 percent tax on imports, not as policy destinations necessarily, but as boundaries designed to frame the discussion and instill fear in corporate boardrooms. “Trump understands that if you change the culture, the behavior follows,” said former House speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump ally and informal adviser. “He wants to create a Trumpian environment so that boards go into a meeting saying, ‘No, we’re not leaving the U.S.’ ” (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post) Trump’s demands on the business community are among the most notable actions of the pre-inaugural period. The list of major companies announcing U.S. jobs in recent weeks has ranged from Hyundai Motor to Amazon, and in each case Trump and his aides have trumpeted their announcements and claimed credit. [The real reason Ford abandoned its plant in Mexico has little to do with Trump] It is unclear, however, how much the president-elect’s threats influenced their actual business plans, which are months or years in the making and determined by an array of factors. The unemployment rate has remained at 5 percent or lower for more than a year, and many companies have been expanding their operations. “The word is now out that when you want to move your plant to Mexico or some other place, and you want to fire all of your workers from Michigan and Ohio and all these places that I won, for good reason — not going to happen that way anymore,” Trump said at his first post-election news conference last week. Corporate America has quickly adapted to Trump’s new posture. Fear permeates “C-suites,” where executives are trying to come up with ways to please the incoming president and avoid his wrath, according to people whose work places them in the nexus of business and politics. William M. Daley, a financier and business executive who has served as White House chief of staff under President Obama and as secretary of commerce under former president Bill Clinton, said, “CEOs want to play nice because they’re afraid of getting caught in a Twitter storm.” “They would never call his bluff,” Daley said. “They’re scared to death. They’ll run to the Congress and say, ‘Oh, save us from this.’ It’s a good M.O., because he knows these guys will roll over the minute he puts his sights on them.” Left, President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a news conference at Trump Tower in New York on Jan. 11. Right, with characteristic fervor, Theodore Roosevelt is shown speaking when he stumped the country for William McKinley during the presidential campaign of 1900. Roosevelt was McKinley’s running mate on the Republican ticket. (Jabin Botsford/Brown Brothers/The Washington Post; Associated Press) Scott Reed, chief strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said companies are motivated in part by what they see as a “positive business environment” under the Trump administration, which has vowed to overhaul the tax code as well as loosen environmental, financial and other regulations. “The business community is practical and pragmatic, and looking forward to engaging with the new administration in a constructive manner,” Reed said. “This was a change election, and we like that the country is now upbeat and optimistic about real economic growth in the 3 percent to 4 percent range.” [How a week of Trump tweets stoked anxiety, moved markets and altered plans] Trump is a modern-day Roosevelt, who from the White House in the 1900s demonized banks, railroads and other businesses he viewed as insufficiently nationalist. “Roosevelt’s bully pulpit was very ardently about going after companies and wealthy people that weren’t putting America first, that were putting their profits ahead of public goodwill,” said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian and Roosevelt biographer. “He did it with his fingers pointed in the face of his enemies. He would call bankers out by name.” In the century since Roosevelt served, Brinkley said, no president has used the bully pulpit to strong-arm companies in such a relentless and aggressive manner — until Trump. “Other presidents would show up at the Harley factory and say, ‘This is made in America. Isn’t that wonderful?’ ” Brinkley said. “But they would never go into a mano-a-mano war about bringing jobs back to America, not since Theodore Roosevelt.” Trump said in an interview last week with The Washington Post that his early moves to badger Boeing and Lockheed Martin to bring down the costs of their aircraft — Air Force One and the F-35 fighter jet, respectively — were examples of the power of his voice. “Look at what’s going on with the airplanes, the F-35. We’re saving such amounts of money. Look at what’s going on with Air Force One. Look at what’s going on with the auto plants,” Trump said. “And by the way, I’m not micromanaging.” Whether Trump considers it micromanaging, he is undeniably meddling in the affairs of private companies to a greater degree than many previous presidents. “Trump is in many ways closer to a governor than to our traditional model of president,” Gingrich said. “Governors around the country all behave like Trump: They worry about specific jobs, specific factories, specific companies. The Washington model is always abstract policy. But he’s gone straight for the jugular to say, ‘I want jobs!’ ” Gingrich described the president-elect as a tireless entrepreneur determined to see results, and recalled Trump’s management of the Wollmann Rink in New York’s Central Park. The outdoor skating rink was in disrepair in the 1980s when Trump persuaded then-Mayor Ed Koch to take over the renovations himself. The rink reopened with great fanfare, under budget and ahead of schedule, becoming one of Trump’s biggest success stories, which he later chronicled in his 1987 bestseller, “The Art of the Deal.” Trump’s focus on pressuring companies to create U.S. jobs could be politically advantageous. He owes his electoral victory to the Rust Belt — Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, whose manufacturing-based economies have been decimated over the past four decades by outsourcing and broader trends of globalization. “He understands better than anybody on his team that there are two criteria for his reelection: Is America safe, and did we create jobs?” Gingrich said. “If he can run with genuine prosperity — not this phony statistical prosperity that’s all baloney — then he’s golden.” Brinkley agreed: “He’s going to live or die by jobs. He can get away with a lot of eccentric activity if he stays out of war and if the economy does well.” Karen Tumulty contributed to this report. politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 200+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Philip Rucker is the White House Bureau Chief for The Washington Post. He previously has covered Congress, the Obama White House, and the 2012 and 2016 presidential campaigns. He joined The Post in 2005 as a local news reporter. Follow @PhilipRucker 201 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump pressured Park Service to find proof for his claims about inauguration crowd 2 Donald Trump’s stunning first major interview as president, annotated 3 The leaks coming out of the Trump White House cast the president as a clueless child 4 In his first major TV interview as president, Trump is obsessed with his popularity 5 It turns out Jared Kushner and Sean Spicer are also registered to vote in two states Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president-elect. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Economy Consumer Travel Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 17 2017, 3:01 pm ET Companies Are Recycling Their Old News to Avoid Being Blasted in a Trump Tweet by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement It's a "first strike" approach to jobs. Companies eager to avoid becoming the target of the next attack by President-elect Donald Trump are preemptively — or retroactively — announcing U.S. job creation plans. "When automakers such as Toyota announced their new strategies in response to the so-called Trump risk, the industry was nervous and asked 'Who's next?'" Kim Jin-woo, an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities Co. told Bloomberg after Hyundai-Kia announced it would invest $3.1 billion in the U.S. over the next five years. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed How much credit does Donald Trump deserve for job creation since election? 2:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/857217091942" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The risk is that Trump will include your name in a negative tweet, spawning a PR crisis and a temporary stock price ding. He's gone after automakers like Toyota for making cars in Mexico, Lockheed for cost overruns on the F-35 fighter jet program, and drug companies for high prices and anti-competitive behavior. Trump has used Twitter to threaten U.S. companies who manufacture in foreign countries with import tariffs. In December, Trump blindsided aircraft manufacturer Lockheed-Martin over the cost of its fighter jet program contracted by the U.S. Air Force. After campaigning on pledges to make U.S. companies bring jobs back, Trump has announced he's been successful at doing so before he's even president. So on Tuesday as business returned following the Martin Luther King federal holiday, a bevy of companies announced they would be adding jobs after the inauguration on Friday. Put down automaker GM for 1,500. Add 10,000 from Wal-Mart. "Thousands" for Hyundai. And Bayer said it would keep 9,000 jobs and add 3,000. That is, if the government gives it the regulatory approval to merge with Monsanto. Amazon didn't mention Trump in its press release announcing 100,000 U.S. jobs, mostly in fulfillment warehouses, but CEO Jeff Bezos attended a meeting of the tech titans at Trump Tower with the president-elect just before Christmas. Related: Trump Summons Tech Titans to Trump Tower "Pretty much everybody is dreading being the subject of a tweet," Kristin Dziczek, a spokeswoman for the Center for Automotive Research told the Guardian. "Getting hauled out into the court of public opinion with virtually no warning is not something anybody wants to get engaged with." They join a small but growing list of companies with recent job creation or preservation announcements tied either explicitly or implicitly to the PEOTUS, including Amazon, Carrier, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, and Sprint. Not So Fast But peel back a layer and the promises come with some caveats. A company's plan to increase capital expenditures, which include jobs and facility improvements, are typically years in the making. Some of these "announcements" are old news in a new hat. GM said its plan was approved before the election, but told Bloomberg it was "accelerated" under pressure from Trump, for example. Related: GM's Newly Announced $1B Investment Plans Likely Date Back to 2014 Wal-Mart's job creation plans are in line with its normal annual increase, and come after it has closed 269 under-performing stores and cut thousands of jobs. The combined Bayer-Monsanto U.S. R&D spending pledge is roughly what the two companies are already spending, CNBC reported. And Sprint's jobs were part of a previously announced commitment by its parent company to create 50,000 jobs in the U.S. "This is the normal course of business," independent auto industry consultant Maryann Keller told Bloomberg of the moves by GM and other automakers. "All they're doing is announcing investments that they would have made anyway." President-elect Donald J. Trump responded to NBC News' coverage of this story in a series of tweets Wednesday to reassert credit for the job announcements. PEOTUS Trump tweets in response to NBC News' coverage of this story. Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Economy, Politics News, U.S. news First Published Jan 17 2017, 3:01 pm ET Next Story The Economy Grew Just 1.6 Percent Last Year: Slowest Pace Since 2011 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2016-17 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Sponsored Content UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper India Republic Day Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook Parent Talk India Republic Day Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Americas Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Cookbook| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Americas India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > International > Americas Migrants race to reach US before Trump takes over AFP/Sasabe Filed on January 19, 2017 Share More > Vote Some have even made soles for their shoes that make their footprints look like cows' hooves. Migrants trying to sneak into the United States from the parched Mexican desert have to contend with border guards' drones overhead, poisonous snakes underfoot and human trafficking gangs at their backs. But these challenges are nothing compared to their bigger fear: that someday soon, US President-elect Donald Trump will build a wall to keep them out altogether. So before Trump takes office on Friday, they are racing against time, riding a freight train up to the border to look for a way across. Route Map: A guide to Trump's presidential inauguration In the town of Caborca near the frontier, a group of Hondurans warm themselves by a fire of trash in the early morning cold. One of them, Wilson, a 48-year-old builder, missed the birth of his daughter to make the journey. Getting to the United States before Trump takes control was more important. "When I saw that man on the television saying how he hated migrants and was going to build a wall, I thought: 'It's now or never," said Wilson, who would not give his last name. "So we all spent Christmas and New Year traveling to try to get here in time. We want to beat him to it." Mexican authorities are arresting thousands, sometimes tens of thousands of undocumented migrants each month, according to government figures. Governors of several northern states this week called for extra resources to deal with the surge. Laura Ramirez, a local charity activist, has been serving more than 200 free lunches a day to migrants. "There are more and more migrants coming," she says. In the border town of Sasabe, marks in the rust on the border fence appear to show a spot where migrants climbed over, says Sergio Flores, leader of a government migrant task force. "They have been getting sophisticated" in their efforts to get across undetected, he says. Nearby on the sand lies a bottle of water, painted black - a common trick to stop the plastic shining in the sun and catching the eye of border guards. That is just part of the typical migrant survival kit, Flores says. Walk like a cow The migrants wear soft-soled slippers so as not to leave footprints in the sand, along with camouflage clothes and masks. Some have even made soles for their shoes that make their footprints look like cows' hooves. Some put sanitary pads in their socks to cushion their feet on long walks. In their rucksacks they carry anoraks, remedies for snake bites, alcohol for lighting fires, talcum powder for their feet and painkillers. They buy their supplies in the shops on the town square in the local village of Altar - an area dubbed "Migrants' Wal-Mart." Coyotes and mules The migrants pay about $1,000 each to so-called "coyotes" - people traffickers - to bring them here from their native countries. On arrival, some traffickers tell the migrants they must pay another $5,000 to get across the border. "It's big business," Flores says. Some who cannot pay the traffickers instead cross the border as drug "mules," with 50 kilograms (110 pounds) of marijuana on their backs. "You have to bring your own water, food and blanket," says one such "mule," a Honduran migrant who called himself El Guero. "They don't pay us. The payment is being allowed to cross." Not welcome Trump sparked outrage during his election campaign when he branded immigrants from Mexico criminals and rapists. The insult rankles with the migrants on the migrant trail. "That racist man is panicking," said El Guero. "Our only sin is being born in an impoverished country and not having enough money to pay the gangs." Just across the US border in the town of Arivaca, Arizona, locals mistrust the migrants. "We cannot deny that they bring trouble," says a waiter in the town, who asked not to be named. "I just think they shouldn't be here. This is not their home." Last week, in his first press conference since winning the election, Trump reiterated his campaign promise to build a wall along the border. In Caborca, Wilson gazes towards the north, where he hopes soon to cross over to a better life. "I trust God will soften Trump's heart," he says. Share More > Vote ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ads is missing! MORE FROM International UAE and India: Ties that bind There's no justification for terrorism: Mohamed... The two leaders articulated their clear and unequivocal resolve to... READ MORE UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE-India ties maturing into robust relationship "The mutually beneficial ties between the two countries were driven... READ MORE India Avalanches kill 10 Indian soldiers in Kashmir The separate avalanches buried the soldiers under tonnes of snow on... READ MORE Americas Trump on waterboarding: 'We have to fight fire... Trump said he would rely on the advice of his top national security... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with... UAE contingent opened the parade, with the participation of 149... READ MORE UAE and India: Ties that bind Watch: UAE troops lead the way in Republic Day... Many Indian TV stations also took several minutes to introduce Sheikh ... READ MORE Crime Truck falls into sea at Ras al Khaimah, driver... The driver, fished out of the seawater, was declared dead on the spot. READ MORE South Stars Watch: Indian actress attacked by stray dogs,... She got attacked when she tried to rescue her dog from the group... READ MORE   Popular Voted UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with Indians 108755 views | 25 January 2017 South Stars Watch: Indian actress attacked by stray dogs, injured 41270 views | 26 January 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind Burj Khalifa glows with Indian National flag colours 39534 views | 25 January 2017 Crime WhatsApp saves women from prostitution in Dubai 23295 views | 24 January 2017 Transport Arab man tops traffic violations list with Dh343,000 fines 23133 views | 24 January 2017 General Pakistan cricket star Shahid Afridi facilitates release of Pakistani prisoners in Dubai 22678 views | 25 January 2017 Crime Tourist accused of raping woman in Dubai 20842 views | 24 January 2017 Americas Trump set to restrict Muslim immigration, order Mexico border wall 20347 views | 25 January 2017 Pakistan Ex-Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf's 'Dilli wali girlfriend' dance video goes viral 19864 views | 25 January 2017 Food Where to get 'karak chai' for Dh1 in Dubai 17733 views | 24 January 2017 Americas 'Courier' hides Dh73 million cash under mattress 16559 views | 25 January 2017 General Body stuck at Sharjah hospital due to non-clearance of bills 16498 views | 25 January 2017 Kuwait Kuwait executes Prince Sheikh Faisal Al Abdullah Al Sabah for murdering another prince 16033 views | 25 January 2017 Technology 5 iPhone features we bet you didn't know 13702 views | 25 January 2017 Crime Police station clerk poses as CID officer to rape Dubai woman 13086 views | 25 January 2017 India Indians: Getting a visa to this country will be harder 314 votes | 21 January 2017 India Man kills wife for oversharing on social media, commits suicide 169 votes | 20 January 2017 Health Should UAE worry about consuming Nutella? 151 votes | 20 January 2017 Dubai 5 things to keep in mind before leaving Dubai 150 votes | 23 January 2017 Dubai Indian couple gets royally hooked at Burj Khalifa, Burj Al Arab 139 votes | 23 January 2017 Weather Watch: Rain and drizzle hits Dubai among other parts of UAE 135 votes | 22 January 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind Sheikh Mohamed delighted to celebrate R-Day with Indians 133 votes | 25 January 2017 Offbeat Man complains about food, chef throws hot chilli in his eyes 111 votes | 24 January 2017 India Man smuggles over Dh300,000 gold in appliance from Dubai 110 votes | 22 January 2017 Offbeat Video: Arab girl 'gets tattoo', mother loses her cool 109 votes | 21 January 2017 Kuwait Kuwait declares state of emergency over oil leak 106 votes | 23 January 2017 General Abu Dhabi cop, 4 family members killed in Saudi accident 106 votes | 20 January 2017 Ras Al Khaimah Beware of 'impure drinking water' in this emirate 92 votes | 24 January 2017 Saudi Arabia 69 Pakistanis arrested in Saudi for terrorism 90 votes | 23 January 2017 India 16-year-old kills 9-year-old, eats flesh and drinks blood 86 votes | 22 January 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Overseas Entertainment Life Sports Trending Weather Focus ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Overseas Migrants race to reach US before Trump takes over Agence France Presse Posted at Jan 19 2017 12:30 PM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest A general view shows a newly built section of the US-Mexico border wall at Sunland Park, US opposite the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. Reuters A sign stands on a private property near the US-Mexico border fence. Reuters US Border Patrol agents on horseback head out on patrol along the US-Mexico border fence near Jacumba, California. Reuters SASABE, Mexico - Migrants trying to sneak into the United States from the parched Mexican desert have to contend with border guards' drones overhead, poisonous snakes underfoot and human trafficking gangs at their backs. But these challenges are nothing compared to their bigger fear: that someday soon, US President-elect Donald Trump will build a wall to keep them out altogether. So before Trump takes office on Friday, they are racing against time, riding a freight train up to the border to look for a way across. In the town of Caborca near the frontier, a group of Hondurans warm themselves by a fire of trash in the early morning cold. One of them, Wilson, a 48-year-old builder, missed the birth of his daughter to make the journey. Getting to the United States before Trump takes control was more important. "When I saw that man on the television saying how he hated migrants and was going to build a wall, I thought: 'It's now or never," said Wilson, who would not give his last name. "So we all spent Christmas and New Year traveling to try to get here in time. We want to beat him to it." Mexican authorities are arresting thousands, sometimes tens of thousands of undocumented migrants each month, according to government figures. Governors of several northern states this week called for extra resources to deal with the surge. Laura Ramirez, a local charity activist, has been serving more than 200 free lunches a day to migrants. "There are more and more migrants coming," she says. WALK LIKE A COW In the border town of Sasabe, marks in the rust on the border fence appear to show a spot where migrants climbed over, says Sergio Flores, leader of a government migrant task force. "They have been getting sophisticated" in their efforts to get across undetected, he says. Nearby on the sand lies a bottle of water, painted black -- a common trick to stop the plastic shining in the sun and catching the eye of border guards. That is just part of the typical migrant survival kit, Flores says. The migrants wear soft-soled slippers so as not to leave footprints in the sand, along with camouflage clothes and masks. Some have even made soles for their shoes that make their footprints look like cows' hooves. Some put sanitary pads in their socks to cushion their feet on long walks. In their rucksacks they carry anoraks, remedies for snake bites, alcohol for lighting fires, talcum powder for their feet and painkillers. They buy their supplies in the shops on the town square in the local village of Altar -- an area dubbed "Migrants' Wal-Mart." COYOTES AND MULES The migrants pay about $1,000 each to so-called "coyotes" -- people traffickers -- to bring them here from their native countries. On arrival, some traffickers tell the migrants they must pay another $5,000 to get across the border. "It's big business," Flores says. Some who cannot pay the traffickers instead cross the border as drug "mules," with 50 kilograms (110 pounds) of marijuana on their backs. "You have to bring your own water, food and blanket," says one such "mule," a Honduran migrant who called himself El Guero. "They don't pay us. The payment is being allowed to cross." NOT WELCOME Trump sparked outrage during his election campaign when he branded immigrants from Mexico criminals and rapists. The insult rankles with the migrants on the migrant trail. "That racist man is panicking," said El Guero. "Our only sin is being born in an impoverished country and not having enough money to pay the gangs." Just across the US border in the town of Arivaca, Arizona, locals mistrust the migrants. "We cannot deny that they bring trouble," says a waiter in the town, who asked not to be named. "I just think they shouldn't be here. This is not their home." Last week, in his first press conference since winning the election, Trump reiterated his campaign promise to build a wall along the border. In Caborca, Wilson gazes towards the north, where he hopes soon to cross over to a better life. "I trust God will soften Trump's heart," he says. yo/rlp/sst Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Pinterest Read More:  mexico   migrants   border   immigration   donald trump   /overseas/01/08/17/us-official-in-mexico-shot-in-chest-in-stable-condition /overseas/01/09/17/attacker-of-us-consular-official-in-mexico-is-an-american-government /overseas/01/10/17/mexico-seeks-to-tame-prices-after-gas-protests /sports/01/15/17/nba-results-suns-upset-spurs-in-mexico-city-wizards-top-76ers /sports/01/16/17/nba-eyes-growth-in-mexico-looks-at-possible-franchise LATEST NEWS MOST READ Steve Harvey arrives in PH to host Miss Universe January 28, 2017 PH Coast Guard, naglinis sa Manila Bay January 28, 2017 Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday- White House January 28, 2017 After trading barbs, Bulls clear the air January 28, 2017 FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines January 28, 2017 N. Korea urges repatriation of citizens in South who want return January 28, 2017 Wall Street stocks finish dramatic week with a whimper January 28, 2017 Papers cast new light on Britain's 'mad' George III January 28, 2017 Woods frustrated after missed cut at Torrey Pines January 28, 2017 Bolt turns in medal, says 'rules are rules' January 28, 2017 Trump orders 'great rebuilding' of US military January 28, 2017 76 arrested in Cebu City's 'Oplan Pokemon' January 28, 2017 Duterte, may panawagan sa MILF, MNLF January 28, 2017 Tax reform, kailangan para sa mga proyekto, ayon sa DOF January 28, 2017 Net income ng Pag-IBIG Fund, tumaas ng 19% January 28, 2017 Gloria Diaz names her top 5 Miss U bets Pia to the rescue as Maxine apologizes for terno gaffe LOOK: Angelica Panganiban stuns in red bikini LOOK: Radiant Maxine shines in Miss Universe preliminaries LOOK: Maxine Medina's national costume for Miss Universe Margie Moran picks her favorites after Miss Universe preliminaries LOOK: National costume show tests Miss Universe bets' poise, creativity Calif student forced to pee in bucket gets P62-M Filipina behind brutal 'Daisy' sex videos arrested Miss Canada speaks up about being 'large' Maxine Medina wrongly says Imelda Marcos invented the terno LOOK: Pia Wurtzbach wears iconic Mikimoto crown Bangs Garcia married Filipino-British husband three times Leni Robredo not invited to Miss Universe coronation Magkapatid, dinadala sa paaralan ang 2-anyos na kapatid para maalagaan next © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Migrants race to reach US before Trump takes over News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site World Migrants race to reach US before Trump takes over Migrants trying to sneak into the United States from the parched Mexican desert have to contend with border guards' drones overhead, poisonous snakes underfoot and human trafficking gangs at their backs. Posted 19 Jan 2017 10:59 Migrants warm themselves next to a campfire near train tracks in Sonora state, Mexico close to the border with the United States AFP/ALFREDO ESTRELLA The border between Mexico and the U.S in the community of Sasabe in Sonora state, Mexico AFP/ALFREDO ESTRELLA Camouflage gear is offered for sale in Sonora state, Mexico, to migrants heading to the United States AFP/ALFREDO ESTRELLA prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SASABE, Mexico: Migrants trying to sneak into the United States from the parched Mexican desert have to contend with border guards' drones overhead, poisonous snakes underfoot and human trafficking gangs at their backs. But these challenges are nothing compared to their bigger fear: that someday soon, US President-elect Donald Trump will build a wall to keep them out altogether. So before Trump takes office on Friday, they are racing against time, riding a freight train up to the border to look for a way across. In the town of Caborca near the frontier, a group of Hondurans warm themselves by a fire of trash in the early morning cold. One of them, Wilson, a 48-year-old builder, missed the birth of his daughter to make the journey. Getting to the United States before Trump takes control was more important. "When I saw that man on the television saying how he hated migrants and was going to build a wall, I thought: 'It's now or never," said Wilson, who would not give his last name. "So we all spent Christmas and New Year traveling to try to get here in time. We want to beat him to it." Mexican authorities are arresting thousands, sometimes tens of thousands of undocumented migrants each month, according to government figures. Governors of several northern states this week called for extra resources to deal with the surge. Laura Ramirez, a local charity activist, has been serving more than 200 free lunches a day to migrants. "There are more and more migrants coming," she said. WALK LIKE A COW In the border town of Sasabe, marks in the rust on the border fence appear to show a spot where migrants climbed over, said Sergio Flores, leader of a government migrant task force. "They have been getting sophisticated" in their efforts to get across undetected, he said. Nearby on the sand lies a bottle of water, painted black -- a common trick to stop the plastic shining in the sun and catching the eye of border guards. That is just part of the typical migrant survival kit, Flores said. The migrants wear soft-soled slippers so as not to leave footprints in the sand, along with camouflage clothes and masks. Some have even made soles for their shoes that make their footprints look like cows' hooves. Some put sanitary pads in their socks to cushion their feet on long walks. In their rucksacks they carry anoraks, remedies for snake bites, alcohol for lighting fires, talcum powder for their feet and painkillers. They buy their supplies in the shops on the town square in the local village of Altar -- an area dubbed "Migrants' Wal-Mart." COYOTES AND MULES The migrants pay about US$1,000 each to so-called "coyotes" -- people traffickers -- to bring them here from their native countries. On arrival, some traffickers tell the migrants they must pay another US$5,000 to get across the border. "It's big business," Flores said. Some who cannot pay the traffickers instead cross the border as drug "mules," with 50kg of marijuana on their backs. "You have to bring your own water, food and blanket," said one such "mule," a Honduran migrant who called himself El Guero. "They don't pay us. The payment is being allowed to cross." NOT WELCOME Trump sparked outrage during his election campaign when he branded immigrants from Mexico criminals and rapists. The insult rankles with the migrants on the migrant trail. "That racist man is panicking," said El Guero. "Our only sin is being born in an impoverished country and not having enough money to pay the gangs." Just across the US border in the town of Arivaca, Arizona, locals mistrust the migrants. "We cannot deny that they bring trouble," said a waiter in the town, who asked not to be named. "I just think they shouldn't be here. This is not their home." Last week, in his first press conference since winning the election, Trump reiterated his campaign promise to build a wall along the border. In Caborca, Wilson gazes towards the north, where he hopes soon to cross over to a better life. "I trust God will soften Trump's heart," he said. - AFP/rw Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Opinion the trump transition Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Having a clear plan is the weapon Trump’s treasury secretary pick needs By Charles Gasparino View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 18, 2017 | 8:55pm | Updated January 18, 2017 | 9:17pm Modal Trigger Steve Mnuchin Getty Images More On: steven mnuchin Fighting Trump's Treasury pick with fake news The American Dream is in Steven Mnuchin's hands Senator's Valium joke causes confirmation hearing to explode Mnuchin: I didn't run a 'foreclosure machine' The lefty smear apparatus is about to take aim at maybe the most vulnerable of President-elect Donald Trump’s cabinet choices: Treasury Secretary-designate Steven Mnuchin, who will no doubt face withering questions about his life as a greedy hedge-fund manager and owner of a bank that foreclosed on homes after the 2008 collapse. But if he’s smart, he’ll redirect his confirmation hearings to a subject Team Trump should be talking more about — a clear and concise pro-growth agenda to cut taxes and reduce regulations. That is, after all, what led to the post-election stock-market surge in the first place, and it’s the real reason so many corporate CEOs have been pledging to keep or expand jobs in the United States. Unfortunately, Trump has been spending more time playing the thin-skinned Twitter-obsessive and less time on the economy. The stock market surged after the Nov. 8 election on the prospects of a pro-growth president reversing eight years of Obamanomics. But in recent weeks the rally has stalled as Trump and his team have spun their wheels on nonsensical fights with Hollywood liberals and trade-war threats. The Dow has failed to hit the 20,000 mark after coming close several times. In fact, since the beginning of the year, stocks have declined while bonds have risen, as investors began to fear Trump has put his growth agenda on the back burner. Mnuchin can change all that at Thursday’s hearings — even if he’ll first have to survive a vigorous attack on his Wall Street background. Democrats will howl that he made gobs of money at the bank that liberals love to hate — Goldman Sachs — trading mortgage bonds, which were at the heart of the 2008 crisis. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is investigating some of the supposedly sleazy practices at OneWest Bank, which Mnuchin bought during the crisis on the cheap and later sold for a significant sum. Also, get ready for plenty of testimonials from alleged victims of the bank’s abuse under Mnuchin’s leadership — people who took out OneWest mortgages on homes they ultimately couldn’t afford and then faced foreclosure. A TV ad featuring one of those alleged victims has already been made. Of course there were real victims of the 2008 crisis, including people who were lied to about the terms of their loans. But the vast majority of home foreclosures occurred because people gambled during a bubble when banks were more than willing to make loans for homes people couldn’t afford. More important will be Mnuchin’s answers on Trump’s economic policy and the need to reverse the Obama malaise. Yes, the unemployment rate has gone down under the soon-to-be former president, but that’s also because people have been dropping out of the job market. Jobs are plentiful for computer coders and Walmart staffers, but well-paying middle-class work is disappearing. Mnuchin, I am told, understands this. He also gets that despite the recent pull-back in stocks, the market’s burst of post-election exuberance was rational — if Trump carries through on his tax and de-regulation plans. Just look at all those CEOs showing up at Trump Tower pledging to keep jobs in the States. Sure, corporate honchos love facetime with the incoming president, so they’ll say anything for good p.r. And, yes, some of their recently announced job plans were baked in before the election. But my sources tell me plenty of those new jobs being touted by companies like Bayer, AT&T and others are the result of the executives believing that Trump will do the opposite of President Obama by cutting their costs so they don’t have to move overseas and can hire more here at home. Mnuchin is in many ways a blank slate politically. But he has a reputation as a sharp businessman who knows that lower taxes and fewer regulations are the ingredients for job growth. He also knows, I’m told, that trade wars, tariffs on imports and a weak dollar to spur exports might sound good on the campaign trail, but they usually end up hurting rather than helping economic growth. So far, Trump’s Cabinet isn’t stocked with yes-men. Let’s hope Mnuchin follows that trend. And that Trump listens to him. Charles Gasparino is a Fox Business Network senior correspondent. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  economy ,  steven mnuchin ,  the trump transition ,  wall street Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Why liberals just love to set terrorists free Read Next Why liberals just love to set terrorists free Share Selection Columnists Jonah Goldberg Let's not make Mexico pay for that wall Andrea Peyser Football 'tough guys' have nothing on Erin Andrews Benny Avni Why Team Trump has China worried SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Editorials Three cheers for the State Department exodus How is 'The Wall' really that big a deal? Why is the mayor so indifferent to the deaths of at-risk kids? Today's Cover Browse covers archive Trending Now on NYPost.com 113,698 Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days 97,813 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 47,149 John Hurt dead at 77 More Stories pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: J.C. Penney's Turnaround Grinds to a Halt The department store failed to grow sales during the holidays, something it desperately needed to do. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:42PM Image source: Mike Mozart/Flickr. A comeback for beleaguered department store J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) was always a long shot. Since sales collapsed in 2012 due to disastrous changes made as part of an effort to revitalize the brand, the company has slowly crawled back from the abyss. Comparable sales returned to growth, gross margin recovered, and losses began to shrink. But the only way J.C. Penney was ever going to return to meaningful profitability was a years-long streak of exceptional sales growth. A 0.8% decline in comparable sales during the third quarter of 2016 showed that this would be easier said than done. That decline was no fluke: Comparable sales during the nine-week holiday period also slumped 0.8%, despite retailers overall putting in the strongest performance in years. J.C. Penney's turnaround has hit a wall. CEO Marvin Ellison expects the holiday quarter to produce the fourth consecutive quarter of positive operating profit, but interest payments have more than wiped out that profit. Sales growth remains the only path to sustainable profitability, and that path is now a whole lot more uncertain. A weak player in a terrible industry Department store sales have now slumped for 11 years in a row, according to data from the Commerce Department. A 5.6% decline in 2016 was the biggest decline since the financial crisis. Based on this data, it should be no surprise that J.C. Penney, along with every other major department store chain, is suffering from weak sales. Growing the top line in this environment will require the company to win market share from competitors like Kohl's, Macy's, and Sears. Sears is in far worse shape than J.C. Penney, and significant store closings from Sears and Macy's could boost results at J.C. Penney. But the benefit will likely be short-lived as shoppers continue to shift away from department stores, either to discount chains, more specialized retailers, or online competitors. J.C. Penney has made some meaningful moves under Ellison, including the company's return to the appliance market. Five hundred of its stores sold appliances at the end of the third quarter, which helped partially offset weakness in apparel sales. The ongoing demise of Sears may also help the company gain appliance market share, but again, the benefit may only be temporary. The company will still be competing with the likes of Home Depot, Lowe's, and Best Buy, and winning market share won't be easy. J.C. Penney still expects to produce $1 billion of EBITDA in 2016, despite weak holiday sales. On its own, this number doesn't mean much. Net income will still be negative, and adjusted net income, which backs out restructuring and other costs, may be negative as well. J.C. Penney guided for positive adjusted net income for the year in its third quarter report, but it failed to reiterate that guidance in its holiday sales release. Buffett was right A rags-to-riches success story looks far more unlikely given the company's holiday results. Turning around a retailer in general is extremely difficult, and slumping department store sales will only make things harder for J.C. Penney. Warren Buffett, describing the challenges facing Sears way back in 2005, hit the nail on the head: Costco is working on a 10% to 11% gross margin that is better than the Walmart's and Sam's. In comparison, department stores have 35% gross margins. It's tough to compete against the best deal for customers. Department stores will keep their old customers that have a habit of shopping there, but they won't pick up new ones. This quote applies to J.C. Penney today. The company desperately needs to win new customers, but it also needs to produce gross margins in the mid-30% range. Competing with companies like Wal-Mart, Costco, and now Amazon, all of which operate with far lower margins, may simply be impossible. J.C. Penney has no competitive advantage. Its brand, while well-known, means nothing to most consumers. Its business model requires it to produce a gross margin that guarantees that its prices are higher than its non-department store competitors. With the company now struggling to grow sales, I see no reason to bet on a comeback. Timothy Green owns shares of Best Buy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:42PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $6.45 down $0.32 (-4.73%) Read More These Stocks Could Double in 2017 Why J.C. Penney's Holiday Sales Decline Was Worse Than It Looks Better Buy: J. C. Penney Company, Inc. vs. Kohl's J.C. Penney Company Inc in 5 Charts Why Shares of Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Dillard's Crashed in December Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current J.C. Penney's Turnaround Grinds to a Halt @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: J.C. Penney's Turnaround Grinds to a Halt The department store failed to grow sales during the holidays, something it desperately needed to do. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:42PM Image source: Mike Mozart/Flickr. A comeback for beleaguered department store J.C. Penney (NYSE:JCP) was always a long shot. Since sales collapsed in 2012 due to disastrous changes made as part of an effort to revitalize the brand, the company has slowly crawled back from the abyss. Comparable sales returned to growth, gross margin recovered, and losses began to shrink. But the only way J.C. Penney was ever going to return to meaningful profitability was a years-long streak of exceptional sales growth. A 0.8% decline in comparable sales during the third quarter of 2016 showed that this would be easier said than done. That decline was no fluke: Comparable sales during the nine-week holiday period also slumped 0.8%, despite retailers overall putting in the strongest performance in years. J.C. Penney's turnaround has hit a wall. CEO Marvin Ellison expects the holiday quarter to produce the fourth consecutive quarter of positive operating profit, but interest payments have more than wiped out that profit. Sales growth remains the only path to sustainable profitability, and that path is now a whole lot more uncertain. A weak player in a terrible industry Department store sales have now slumped for 11 years in a row, according to data from the Commerce Department. A 5.6% decline in 2016 was the biggest decline since the financial crisis. Based on this data, it should be no surprise that J.C. Penney, along with every other major department store chain, is suffering from weak sales. Growing the top line in this environment will require the company to win market share from competitors like Kohl's, Macy's, and Sears. Sears is in far worse shape than J.C. Penney, and significant store closings from Sears and Macy's could boost results at J.C. Penney. But the benefit will likely be short-lived as shoppers continue to shift away from department stores, either to discount chains, more specialized retailers, or online competitors. J.C. Penney has made some meaningful moves under Ellison, including the company's return to the appliance market. Five hundred of its stores sold appliances at the end of the third quarter, which helped partially offset weakness in apparel sales. The ongoing demise of Sears may also help the company gain appliance market share, but again, the benefit may only be temporary. The company will still be competing with the likes of Home Depot, Lowe's, and Best Buy, and winning market share won't be easy. J.C. Penney still expects to produce $1 billion of EBITDA in 2016, despite weak holiday sales. On its own, this number doesn't mean much. Net income will still be negative, and adjusted net income, which backs out restructuring and other costs, may be negative as well. J.C. Penney guided for positive adjusted net income for the year in its third quarter report, but it failed to reiterate that guidance in its holiday sales release. Buffett was right A rags-to-riches success story looks far more unlikely given the company's holiday results. Turning around a retailer in general is extremely difficult, and slumping department store sales will only make things harder for J.C. Penney. Warren Buffett, describing the challenges facing Sears way back in 2005, hit the nail on the head: Costco is working on a 10% to 11% gross margin that is better than the Walmart's and Sam's. In comparison, department stores have 35% gross margins. It's tough to compete against the best deal for customers. Department stores will keep their old customers that have a habit of shopping there, but they won't pick up new ones. This quote applies to J.C. Penney today. The company desperately needs to win new customers, but it also needs to produce gross margins in the mid-30% range. Competing with companies like Wal-Mart, Costco, and now Amazon, all of which operate with far lower margins, may simply be impossible. J.C. Penney has no competitive advantage. Its brand, while well-known, means nothing to most consumers. Its business model requires it to produce a gross margin that guarantees that its prices are higher than its non-department store competitors. With the company now struggling to grow sales, I see no reason to bet on a comeback. Timothy Green owns shares of Best Buy. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:42PM Consumer Goods Stocks J.C. Penney NYSE:JCP $6.45 down $0.32 (-4.73%) Read More These Stocks Could Double in 2017 Why J.C. Penney's Holiday Sales Decline Was Worse Than It Looks Better Buy: J. C. Penney Company, Inc. vs. Kohl's J.C. Penney Company Inc in 5 Charts Why Shares of Macy's, J.C. Penney, and Dillard's Crashed in December Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current J.C. Penney's Turnaround Grinds to a Halt @themotleyfool #stocks $JCP
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out North LIVE Yellowknife More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada North Autopsy ordered after Whati man dies suddenly in Yellowknife Family identifies 41-year-old Matthew Nitsiza as the man who died early Wednesday By Alex Brockman, CBC News Posted: Jan 18, 2017 6:45 PM CT Last Updated: Jan 18, 2017 6:45 PM CT RCMP confirmed a 41-year-old man died suddenly in Yellowknife early Wednesday morning. The man's family told CBC News he was Matthew Nitsiza. Related Stories Formerly homeless N.W.T. woman hired as consultant for Housing First program Evicted and homeless: housing crisis in Behchoko, N.W.T. has no easy solutions 'Survival mode': Homeless seek a warm spot to sleep as Yellowknife shelters at capacity The Northwest Territories' coroner is ordering an investigation into the sudden death of a 41-year-old man in Yellowknife early Wednesday morning.  He died at a hospital after being taken there from a residence, RCMP spokeswoman Marie York-Condon said in a written statement.  Though RCMP have not identified the man, family told CBC News his name is Matthew Nitsiza, a Whati man living in Yellowknife.    Homelessness top priority for Yellowknifers, city survey suggests 'Survival mode': Homeless seek a warm place to sleep as Yellowknife shelters at capacity Formerly homeless N.W.T woman hired as consultant for Housing First program  "When he was home, he was a handyman, he was resourceful," his aunt Mary Anne Jermick'ca told CBC News. "We as a family tried to get him back here, but the street life was something he was so addicted to."  "A lot of times family members tried to get him back here [to Whati], whether it was the winter road, or even paying his plane ticket to come back here," she said.  Nitisiza was homeless and spent much of his time around the Wal-Mart and Tim Hortons in Yellownife. Though he frequented area shelters, staff at the day shelter downtown said they hadn't seen him in a few weeks.   The coroner's office has ordered an autopsy, though RCMP says foul play is not suspected in his death.  Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Whitehorse Mainly Clear 1°C Yellowknife Mostly Cloudy -16°C Inuvik Mainly Clear -10°C Iqaluit Mostly Cloudy -6°C Kuujjuaq Light Snow and Blowing Snow -5°C More Weather Editor's Picks Ottawa slow to pay the North's Canadian Rangers: ombudsman Near-record high temperatures expected this weekend for Inuvik and Yellowknife Latest North News Headlines Worried about downstream impacts, Northern leaders urge action on Site C dam read comments Ottawa slow to pay the North's Canadian Rangers: ombudsman read comments Feds announce more infrastructure bucks for N.W.T. communities read comments Police seize restricted firearm at Yellowknife hotel Feds announce $1M to boost Yukon First Nations tourism opportunities Must Watch Challenging European dogsled race begins in French Alps 1:04 11-day event sees mushers and dogs travelling 1,000 km Raven plucks parking ticket from vehicle in Yellowknife, N.W.T. 0:08 That's one way to get out of paying a ticket! Annemieke Mulders caught this raven snatching up a parking ticket in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories. Underwater video shows remains of HMS Terror 0:34 Ship was lost in 1845 in a Nunavut bay Inside the HMS Erebus 1:11 Parks Canada underwater archeologists explore the wreck off the coast of Nunavut Top News Headlines 'I don't know how we can protect the victims': Domestic violence penalties rolled back in Russia 'Closing the door': Trump bars all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. Do you recognize this Canadian WWII soldier? Belgian woman makes final push to find her father read comments Air Miles quietly devalues some points, shocks collectors read comments Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Most Viewed NWT Tourism giving away 150 free flights to Yellowknife The most Canadian proposal ever? Yellowknife woman gets the man, and rock, of her dreams Near-record high temperatures expected this weekend for Inuvik and Yellowknife Survivor in fatal Bombardier accident says he's blessed to be alive Baring it all in a Northern town: Yellowknife's Brrrlesque going strong in 7th year Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Woman sues Trump in New York for defamation over sexual assault denial CIA director slams Trump for slamming CIA → Suspect in Florida police officer’s slaying captured Posted on January 18, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr Reuters The suspect in the killing of an Orlando, Florida, police officer this month was captured on Tuesday, authorities said, ending an extensive manhunt. Markeith Loyd, 41, was wanted in the fatal shooting of Master Sergeant Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. The shooting took place as police were trying to capture Loyd for the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend.   “We’ve got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD custody,” the Orlando Police Department said on Twitter. Authorities had offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to his capture. Online video footage showed Loyd being hustled into police headquarters by sheriff’s deputies and police, some of them masked. “They beat me up,” he shouted to reporters outside the building. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart. She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor at the time and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture in recent weeks. An Orange County sheriff’s deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision between his motorcycle and a van. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-florida-police-idUSKBN15204H Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 420 ← Woman sues Trump in New York for defamation over sexual assault denial CIA director slams Trump for slamming CIA → 3 Responses to Suspect in Florida police officer’s slaying captured Enemy of the State says: January 18, 2017 at 4:53 am Hard to believe he didnt take a few more down on the capture.. so maybe its all a fake news story … why would a “cop killer” be taken alive? Reply BMF says: January 18, 2017 at 6:39 am My guess is that they know he’s a shoe-in for the death penalty anyway, so they probably wanted him alive in order to cause him as much misery as possible until his execution. He made a huge mistake by allowing himself to be taken alive, but it’s possible that he was taken by surprise at some point when he (foolishly) didn’t have a gun on him. Some greedy rat probably dropped a dime on him for the reward. Not that I’m a fan of this guy, seeing as he had reportedly killed a pregnant woman. But sometimes bad people do good things, like wasting one pig and indirectly causing the death of another. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: January 18, 2017 at 5:12 pm “They beat me up,” he shouted to reporters outside the building.” You had a gun. You had your chance. Disappointing. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Cleatus on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank mary in ND on Dealing With Checkpoint America Andrew on My Life in Old Mexico Enemy of the State on Hillary’s 2 Doctors At TRUMP Ceremony! Clinton DYING? (Parkinson’s / Collapse) Andrew on My Life in Old Mexico Millard on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Samuel on Cops can’t be forced to return marijuana in failed drug cases, Colorado Supreme Court says St.Maur1066 on Dealing With Checkpoint America Martist on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Millard on Male, Female Marines In The Infantry Will Have To Share The Same Tents Hal Apeeno on Cop Who Gave Homeless Man a Sh*t Sandwich, Fired AGAIN for 2nd Poop Prank Hal Apeeno on H.R. 193: American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 Wade. on Male, Female Marines In The Infantry Will Have To Share The Same Tents EJgrunt on Hillary’s 2 Doctors At TRUMP Ceremony! Clinton DYING? (Parkinson’s / Collapse) mary in ND on Canada, Netherlands discuss fund to counter Trump abortion order mary in ND on Human-pig ‘chimera embryos’ detailed Katie on Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists # 1 NWO Hatr on “DIE!” Dallas Teacher Under Investigation for Shooting Toy Gun at Image of Trump # 1 NWO Hatr on Trump Considering Sending More Troops Into Afghanistan KOYOTE on Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Final Magic ORL 98 Celtics BOS 128 Final Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trump signs order limiting some refugees Man charged with hate crime at JFK is Worcester businessman, political donor Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Ethical dilemmas in the Trump era Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Police blotter E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share   January 18, 2017 ■ WORKER DEATH A 54-year-old worker died after falling from the roof of the Blackstone Valley Cinema de Lux in Millbury, authorities said. John Folkes of Canton, an employee of the Medford-Wellington Service Co., was doing heating, ventilation and air conditioning work at the cinema at about 12:20 p.m. Tuesday when he fell 30 to 35 feet to the ground, Millbury police said in a statement. Folkes, who was working alone at the time, was taken by ambulance to UMass Memorial Medical Center in Worcester, where he was pronounced dead. State Police and Millbury detectives responded to the scene, along with a representative of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the statement said. ■ THREE DIE IN CRASH Three people were killed, and two others were critically injured, after an sport-utility vehicle crashed into a tree Tuesday evening in Springfield, authorities said. Police did not identify the victims, who were between 17 and 20 years old. The 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee had been reported stolen from Milford, Conn. on Jan. 14. “Preliminary investigation shows that State Police ... encountered the Jeep Cherokee prior to the crash. The Cherokee sped off but was not pursued by the officers,” said Sergeant John Delaney of the Springfield Police Department. The SUV was traveling more than 60 miles per hour when it hit the tree, authorities said. Advertisement MISSING MAN Police are asking the public for help in their search for a missing 65-year-old Lowell man. Ricardo Gamez, who suffers from dementia, wandered out of the General Hospital Saints Campus early Wednesday and boarded a city bus to Gallagher Terminal. He asked for Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here advice on how to get to Florida and was told that he could catch a bus at Boston’s South Station. He was then helped onto a 10:15 a.m. train to North Station. This is the last Advertisement confirmed sighting of Gamez, who is 5 feet, 6 inches tall with gray hair. He was wearing a gray sweater with black sleeves and khaki pants. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Trump signs order limiting some refugees Man charged with hate crime at JFK is Worcester businessman, political donor Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Ethical dilemmas in the Trump era Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Hesperia Chamber of Commerce honors community heroes Wednesday Jan 18, 2017 at 3:46 PM Jan 18, 2017 at 3:46 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz HESPERIA — The Chamber of Commerce here carried on its almost 50-year tradition of honoring the local business community during a special luncheon on Tuesday. Brad Letner, president/CEO of the Hesperia Chamber of Commerce, told the audience of civic, community and regional leaders that the group recognized during the luncheon are vital to the success of the health and future of the community. With the help of elected officials, representatives and chamber members, Chamber Chair Mark Austin introduced several award recipients. Evelyn Herrera was awarded “Ambassador of the Year “ for her work representing the Chamber to the community. Over the years, Herrera has attended several events in Hesperia and throughout the High Desert, including assisting at a large toy giveaway at two apartment complexes just before Christmas. “I was very surprised when they called my name,” said Herrera, a Mary Kay consultant and salsa dance instructor. “I thank God for the opportunity to serve the community along with my fellow ambassadors.” For his work on the formation of Hesperia 2034, Letner announced Chamber Director Thomas O’ Connell as the winner of the “President’s Award.” O’Connell, who works for Best Best & Krieger, helped created the Hesperia 2034 concept and survey that explored what residents like about Hesperia as the Chamber works with the city, school district and park district to set a course for the future of the city. Brad Smith, a Chamber ambassador and mortgage loan officer at High Tech Lending, was presented with the “Lillian King Volunteer of the Year Award.” Austin said, “I don’t know how she does it,” just before awarding Shear Realty owner Becky Otwell with the “Membership Award” for her 25 years of chamber involvement. “Becky is a pillar in this community and she’s got energy to burn,” Mojave Water Agency Division Director Thurston “Smitty” Smith told the Daily Press. "She wears many hats and she's involved with many groups throughout the High Desert." For “Contributing to the community and creating community,” Letner presented Hesperia Recreation and Parks District General Manager Lindsay Woods with the “Legacy Award.” Smith said Wood’s contribution to the community continues to “strengthen the health of an ever-growing Hesperia.” The Wal-Mart Supercenter in Hesperia, managed by John Shy, was presented the “Business of the Year Award” for its many contributions to the community. “The Hesperia Wal-Mart has done a wonderful job in supporting the chamber’s mission,” Letner said. “They support many of our events, financially and with in-kind donations.” Hesperia Mayor Paul Russ told the audience it was the first time “a national chain” was recognized by the chamber. Pastor David Penn told the Daily Press, “‘It’s a perfect award for a perfect person,” after Chamber Chair-Elect Chris Vazquez was recognized as the “Business Person of the Year” for her work as vice president/branch manager of Desert Community Bank in Hesperia. For more information on the Hesperia Chamber, visit, www.hesperiacc.com or call 760-244-2135. Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints Despite optimistic predictions the JSE closed weaker on Friday in subdued trade as 2016 fourth-quarter US GDP grew 1.9% rather than the expected 2.2% Most Read MARKET WRAP: Retailers lift JSE a little higher as dollar dents the rand 1 day ago Rand loses momentum ahead of US GDP data 19 hours ago JSE tracks weaker after volatile week 14 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters What Ford SA should have done to protect its reputation Factual information no longer ensures a good corporate image or consumers’ trust — feelings matter too, writes Marietjie Theron-Wepener Most Read TWEET OF THE WEEK: #PaidANCArrogance 22 hours ago BL PREMIUM EDITORIAL: More woe for Zwane 1 day ago EDITORIAL: MPs show no fear or favour 22 hours ago Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment More woes for consumers as fuel prices set to rise on Wednesday Prices for both 95 and 93 octane petrol will increase by 29c/l, both grades of diesel will increase by 21c/l, while LPG goes up by 21c/kg Most Read Hawks arrest more alleged licensing department fraudsters 12 hours ago Johannesburg Water cut supply to water-wasting areas 12 hours ago Sending out SABC report without recommendations is an ANC ploy, DA says 12 hours ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ Senior officials are breaking the tradition of closing ranks and expressing their concern about how the party is now seen as a way to secure state contracts and jobs Most Read LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power 1 day ago JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 4 days ago Coalition shift could give EFF metro 2 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Prosecutors say former VW chief knew of test cheating sooner than he admits German prosecutors have broadened their Volkswagen emissions-scandal investigation, and say a former CE knew about cheating earlier than he admits Most Read Momentum axes trio over trade secrets 21 hours ago LG distances itself from Gupta family-owned Oakbay 15 hours ago Miners not obeying safety laws, says Zwane 22 hours ago BL PREMIUM Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket Changes to the CPI basket will insure that the inflation measurement reflects changes in consumer expenditure since the last reweighting in 2013 Most Read Low food prices to ease pain 22 hours ago SA steel production fell by 4.3% to 6.141-million tonnes in 2016 1 day ago At least 30 countries are implementing audit rotations, says watchdog 4 days ago WATCH: When a mine moves out, poverty and despair move in Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine went into liquidation four years ago, now village residents are left in extreme poverty with no help on the horizon Most Read Cosatu cries foul over Asian workers 22 hours ago Marketers must implement stringent measures to manage media costs 22 hours ago Permits issued to allow for first imports of GM maize from the US 1 day ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Denmark — where negative interest rates have ensured a rich populace After years of negative interest rates Danes have loads of cash, can increase consumption, bring down debt and increase their wealth Most Read A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists and Donald Trump 11 hours ago US economic growth falls back in fourth quarter as trade deficit widens 11 hours ago BUSINESS DAY TV: Brexit and Trump add to local factors in spurring activity on the JSE 11 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says De Villiers now takes charge of the one-day squad when the five-match series against Sri Lanka begins on Saturday Most Read Beijing soccer club Guoan FC tops AC Milan at $800m 21 hours ago An 18th Major in sight for Federer 20 hours ago Stuart Baxter latest coach to be linked to Bafana job 20 hours ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Extreme wealth costs the Earth The effect of lavish lifestyles on the environment needs to be understood, write Peter Wells and Anne Touboulic Most Read Porsche Panamera — executive athlete gets a makeover 1 day ago Luxury SUV party 1 day ago Porsche offers environmental executive Panamera 1 day ago Most Read Markets Wall St set to open higher as earnings season picks up 18 January 2017 - 18:53 PM Yashaswini Swamynathan Wall Street. Picture: BLOOMBERG/MICHAEL NAGLE US stocks looked set to open slightly higher on Wednesday as investors assessed bank earnings and economic data, while awaiting Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen’s speech. Shares of Goldman Sachs were up 0.5% at $237 in premarket trading after the bank reported a nearly four-fold rise in quarterly profit. Citigroup edged up after posting a 7% rise in profit. Investors are also awaiting President-elect Donald Trump’s inaugural speech on Friday to gain insight into his plans for the US economy. "There is a lot of uncertainty hovering over the market, regarding what policies will be implemented," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "But the market appears to be giving the President-elect the benefit of doubt." The Trump rally, which drove Wall Street to record highs, has been showing signs of fatigue since the start of the year as investors get increasingly nervous about his unconventional approach to trade and politics. U.S. stocks closed lower on Tuesday, with some of the biggest beneficiaries of the post-election rally including banks and transport companies shedding some of their gains. Dow e-minis were up 33 points, or 0.17% at 13:35GMT, with 23,992 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 4 points, or 0.18%, with 117,642 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 9.25 points, or 0.18 percent, on volume of 18,430 contracts. A report from the US Labor Department showed the Consumer Price Index edged up 0.3% in December, leading to the largest year-on-year increase in 2-1/2 years, a sign that inflation pressures could be building. Investors are also eyeing Janet Yellen’s speech at 23:00GMT to see if she will echo a growing opinion among policymakers that fiscal stimulus under the Trump administration may call for more aggressive interest rate hikes. A reading on December industrial output and a report on the housing market are also scheduled for the day. Target dropped 3.4% to $68.55 after the big-box retailer reported a decline in sales during the holiday season and cut its fourth-quarter earnings forecast. Shares of bigger rival Wal-Mart were off 1.2%. CoLucid Pharmaceuticals surged 32.7% to $46.30 after Eli Lilly said it would buy the drugmaker for about $960 million. Lilly’s stock was up 0.3%. Gigamon dropped 22.6% to $34.10 after the network traffic management software maker estimated its fourth-quarter revenue to fall below its previous forecast. Reuters Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. MARKET WRAP: Retailers lift JSE a little higher ... Markets 2. Rand loses momentum ahead of US GDP data Markets 3. JSE tracks weaker after volatile week Markets 4. Rand reverses gains as dollar firms on US ... Markets 5. Rand weakens as dollar regains lost ground ... Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. MARKET WRAP: Retailers lift JSE a little higher ... Markets 2. Rand loses momentum ahead of US GDP data Markets 3. JSE tracks weaker after volatile week Markets 4. Rand reverses gains as dollar firms on US ... Markets 5. Rand weakens as dollar regains lost ground ... Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
skip to main content Buffalo's NPR News Station Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Sports Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search WBFO WBFO Classical 94.5 WNED JazzWorks Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Sports Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search Related Program:  Marketplace Companies try to avoid the Trump Twitter treatment By Annie Baxter • Jan 18, 2017 Related Program:  Marketplace TweetShareGoogle+Email Listen Listening... / Companies try to avoid the Trump Twitter treatment It's not even Inauguration Day yet, but we're getting a pretty clear sense of President-elect Donald Trump's negotiating style with corporate America. His tweets have chastised manufacturers like Carrier, GM and Ford for outsourcing jobs, prompting those companies to promise to add or retain jobs domestically. And now several others are promising expansions and investments before the Trump Tweet hammer falls. But some corporate expansion plans were made before the election, including GM's and Walmart's. So how much of a boon is this really to the job market? TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WBFO Contact Us EEO Public File The Public and Broadcasting Diversity & Inclusion Initiative Corporate Sponsor
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ [Opinion] News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-01-27 Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski Criticized As He Bans Players From Locker Room, Is Duke’s Program Imploding? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Police: Florida Woman Used Machete To Threaten Daycare Worker Crime 3 0 0 January 18, 2017 Police: Florida Woman Used Machete To Threaten Daycare Worker Chelsea Hoffman A Florida woman has been arrested after authorities say she brandished a deadly weapon during an incident at a Sunrise daycare facility. The Palm Beach Post reports that 25-year-old Ashley Dailey tried to pick a child up from the center, but she did not have custody of the child — nor did she have legal clearance to remove the child from the premises. These facts resulted in an incident that could have potentially ended violently. Police say that Ashley Dailey was told by a daycare worker that she would not be permitted to remove a child from their care. This reported rejection angered the Florida woman, who allegedly pulled a machete on the worker in an attempt to intimidate her. WSVN News reports that the woman also threatened the daycare worker while brandishing the bladed weapon. Witnesses say that Dailey did not assault the daycare worker, but she did flee from the scene — hitting a car in the parking lot in the process, once authorities showed up to investigate the incident. Police say the Florida woman sped away from the scene of the alleged crime, leading them on a chase that resulted in the closure of I-95. Ultimately, officers had to bust the window out of Dailey’s car in order to arrest her. It’s fortunate that this incident ended on the note that it did, especially with it being an alleged parental kidnapping attempt. Police say that Ashley Dailey does not have legal custody of her children, and that she was trying to kidnap them on the day of the incident. Mother accuses daycare of forcing her four-year-old son to kiss boy https://t.co/OVlq5n38aQ via @MailOnline — Bo Snerdley (@BoSnerdley) January 14, 2017 Sadly enough, this isn’t the first time a woman has made a scene at a school, daycare or other areas where weapons aren’t welcome. In 2015, a Connecticut woman made headlines when she was arrested for making violent threats against daycare workers. CBS News reports that 36-year-old Kristy Ellison allegedly threatened to “shoot up the place” during a heated exchange with a daycare employee. This resulted in the woman being charged with second-degree breach of peace and second-degree threatening. Florida woman crashes her car while shaving her genitals https://t.co/Rgrqsh8JMW — Captain Florida (@CaptFlorida) January 6, 2017 Last year, an Alabama couple was arrested after police say they planted a fake bomb at an elementary school. ABC 33 News reports that Zachary Edwards and Raphel Dillgard allegedly did this so they could shoot any officers responding to the incident. Fortunately, the duo was apprehended. Tragic. A young boy at a daycare inside a federal building died after choking on a meatball during lunch. https://t.co/Cbw5oKrIto — Angie (@OhMyGOFF) January 18, 2017 Also last year, a Niagara Falls woman was arrested for allegedly making bomb threats toward an area school. TWC News reports that 28-year-old Caqua Bembo was charged with falsely reporting an incident— a charge that stems from the discovery that no bomb existed in reality. According to reports, the woman had become angry and made the threat during a phone call with an employee of the school. Fortunately, no destructive devices or weapons were found in association with the incident, and no children were harmed. Florida woman accused of getting drunk at Walmart, grabbing EMT’s groin https://t.co/ELKcGKPuEk pic.twitter.com/lU2PlMHeXq — 48 Hours (@48hours) January 11, 2017 As for this latest case out of Florida, police have charged Ashley Dailey with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. She’s also been charged with battery, attempted kidnapping of a minor and fleeing the scene of an officer. Furthermore, police have charged the Florida woman with resisting an officer and an assortment of other crimes. It certainly seems like authorities are taking Dailey to task for the alleged daycare incident. [Featured Image by Geralt/13503 Images (public domain)/Pixabay] Now Watch This: Wife Of Orlando Nightclub Shooter Arrested By FBI Now Read This: Danielle Stislicki Missing: Self-Defense Fundraiser To Raise Money In Search For Farmington Hills Woman Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Chelsea Hoffman Tags: Crime News, florida crime news, true crime, Weird News January 27, 2017 A Dog’s Purpose Review Roundup: Did Controversy Mar Critics’ Opinions? January 26, 2017 ‘Donnie Darko 3’ Release Date Being Planned With Original Director, Could Be Years Away Comments LATEST HEADLINES Barron Trump Character In Comedy Show: Despite Choppy Waters Show Opens Saturday Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski Criticized As He Bans Players From Locker Room, Is Duke’s Program Imploding? WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Drew Barrymore Admits She’s Still ‘Not Open’ To Dating Vicki Gunvalson And Kelly Dodd Will Reportedly Return To ‘RHOC’ For Season 12 NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Backup Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 0 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 0 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 0 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 0 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 0 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
