CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Monday, April 24, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns Policy Education Walmart $1 million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns By Kenneth Mallory - 10:00pm October 26, 2011 1230 18 SHARE Facebook Twitter Walmart’s recent $1 million grant to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is an injection of sorely needed funding to support the organizations’ highly coveted Emerging Leaders Internship program. A Walmart official stated the company was “honored” to partner with the CBCF. “Diversity is core to Walmart’s success and we are always honored to partner with organizations that share our commitment to helping minority students succeed in life. The congressional internship program is a wonderful example of an initiative for African-American students that works,” said Kimberly Woodard, Walmart’s director of federal government relations and CBCF board member, in a statement. “The program’s success over the last six years has raised the bar for congressional internships and we commend the CBCF for its commitment to promoting diversity on the Hill.” According to information provided by the CBCF, Walmart has provided $2 million to support the program since 2006. Traci L. Hughes, Communications Director for the CBCF, told Politic365 in a phone interview that Walmart’s monetary support was “invaluable.” “More than 80 of our students have benefited from the internship program and clearly the training and exposure they have received served them well,” said Hughes. “Many of them have gone on to work on Capitol Hill. They’re currently earning law degrees, MBAs, and have even started their own companies.” The internship program spans a semester and CBCF says the program “… prepares participating students for careers in public service or the private sector.  As a result of Walmart’s funding, interns also receive a stipend and housing during their internships.” According to the CBCF, Walmart’s funding will also help sponsor its Semester in Washington internship program, a project formed through a partnership with the George Washington University. Former CBCF intern and Hampton University graduate Darien E. Nolin — now a financial analyst for a federal agency and MBA candidate at the Johns Hopkins University — spoke to Politic365 about the value of the CBCF’s internship programs. Nolin said that his CBCF internship afforded him an opportunity to develop more professional relationships with other interns and those working in Congress as he benefited from “… the amount of exposure that it brought and the amount of confidence it gave [him] to pursue other things.” And it appears that Nolin is among CBCF intern alums making remarkable educational and professional strides. “When you look at today’s economy and see what our former interns are doing and where they are working, it affirms the quality and reputation of our program as the best training ground for college students interested in public and civic service,” said Muriel Cooper, CBCF Senior Media Manager, in an email to Politic365. CBCF provided the following list of the CBCF’s Class of 2009 Walmart Emerging Leaders and the different educational and professional endeavors they are currently engaged in: Keith Benjamin: Legislative Associate for the Transport Workers Union of America, AFL-CIO and co-Chair of The Young & Powerful Group DC Chapter. Dshawna Bernard: Co-President of CoverME TTT designed to assist children in low income communities throughout the nation. Former protocol consular officer with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trinidad and Tobago’s foreign service. Ayianna A. Kennerly: Field and Constituent Services Representative for Senator Al Franken (D-MN) Cedric Haynes: 2nd year, full scholarship law student at Mississippi College School of Law, Frederick Douglass Moot Court competitor, and at Morgan & Morgan as a law clerk. Niara Phillips: Homeland Security analyst with Booz Allen Hamilton Danielle Bowers: Research Analyst for Rep. Ronald Waters, Chairman of the Pennsylvania Legislative Black Caucus (PLBC). Also a 2nd year graduate student in the MPA program at Penn State University. Carlissia Graham: Scheduler to Senator Kirsten Gillibrand and very involved with sex trafficking organizations in DC, including Courtney’s House. Charlin Caster: Contractor/Consultant for a government agency working on labor and economic publications, including researching marketing efforts to deliver career information to Hispanic communities and corresponding with incarcerated persons seeking career and re-entry information. Delvin Champagne: Occupational Therapist, also just elected as the DC Representative to the American Occupational Therapy Association. LaShaunta Williams: Independent Research Assistant for Dr. Patrick Wolf, Endowed Chair of School Choice at the University of Arkansas. Brice Sikuade: Special Projects/Events Director, Office of Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-District of Columbia TAGS $1 million African-American award Congressional Black Caucus Foundation emerging leaders Experience Exposure grant HBCUs internship policy Students Walmart SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleIs Spectrum Really Important to Hispanics? Next articleMexico Saves the NBA Kenneth Mallory Kenneth Mallory, a political correspondent for Politic365, is an award-winning journalist and attorney who has free-lanced for several publications, in addition to serving as a general assignment reporter for the Washington Afro-American Newspaper. He earned his B.A. magna cum laude from University of Maryland, Baltimore County, in addition to his J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Education Text of Executive Order on #HBCUS Signed by President Trump on February 28 Education Rep. Alma Adams’ HBCU Capital Financing Bill Passes House Education Report: Increases in Spending on Corrections Far Outpace Education 18 COMMENTS Walmart Community » Blog Archive » Walmart $1 Million Grant to CBCF Supports Interns 4:51pm October 28, 2011 at 4:51 pm […] Read more at Politic365 […] Reply 名牌汇，博客，幽默，恐怖，故事，惊悚， 5:05pm November 9, 2011 at 5:05 pm I like the valuable information you provide on your articles. I?ll bookmark your blog and take a look at once more here regularly. I am quite certain I?ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next! Reply keotitmakara 1:06am January 30, 2016 at 1:06 am Nice article Reply Mark SaKa 6:35am March 6, 2016 at 6:35 am let me know about your facebook page if you had it. Reply Rich Phal 6:36am March 6, 2016 at 6:36 am what is your twitter’s name? Reply Da Mo 12:04pm April 1, 2016 at 12:04 pm let me know your facebook page? Reply SVann 11:19am May 9, 2016 at 11:19 am Well said. I love Walmart anyway because it’s also 1 of the best online some among Amazon, Ebay, Alibaba, Aliexpress, etc. Reply Maurice 7:08am September 7, 2016 at 7:08 am Great job walmart! Reply leng koechenda 12:24pm October 26, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love Walmart but 1 million just little for them Reply Solida 12:02pm November 28, 2016 at 12:02 pm Great article and Thanks for sharing:) Reply Eva Mali 12:43am December 2, 2016 at 12:43 am So interesting article, good site! Thanks for share Reply Mark 6:56am January 12, 2017 at 6:56 am Walmart is kind of generous to help CBCF’s internship programs. And I really appreciate that. It gives the African-American students the opportunities to gain more experiences, develop their capacity and strengthen the confidence for their next careers. I hope it will continue to contribute to such a program. Reply Daniel 2:43am March 1, 2017 at 2:43 am You got very interesting content here , really appreciate thanks for you article , Thanks for sharing !!!!! Reply Jen Hoo 9:11am March 4, 2017 at 9:11 am Nice blog, really interesting. thank for sharing Reply jennifer juna 12:45pm March 15, 2017 at 12:45 pm Well done! Nice post! you have done a great job. Hoping, that you will continue doing like this some day for a next time. Thanks a lot!. Reply Melody Josten 3:57am March 29, 2017 at 3:57 am I have read your article, it is very great article. Thanks for sharing this with us. Reply Jhon Tom 9:05am April 18, 2017 at 9:05 am I love Walmart and i am sure Walmart’s success always Reply Monerath 10:19pm April 23, 2017 at 10:19 pm I must say you have very interesting content here. Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks President Obama on Budget Compromise to Avoid Government Shutdown Politic365 Staff - 1:00pm April 9, 2011 Nina Tassler Politic365 Staff - 11:30am November 2, 2012 Sen. Durbin Says Loretta Lynch “Asked to Sit in the Back of the Bus” Lauren Victoria Burke - 5:44pm March 18, 2015 About Time: Harriet Tubman Movie Being Planned Lauren Victoria Burke - 10:20am May 5, 2016 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Underdogs Prevail at FCC Incentive Auction 12:52pm April 18, 2017 The Surprising Environmental Hazard Lurking In Your Home 11:06am April 17, 2017 Game Over? Race for Virginia Lt. Gov. Features Candidate with $95,000... 10:48am April 17, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2245 Politics1997 National1949 News1259 Culture1026 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Make your home safer in wicked weather Sponsor Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NASCAR Rain washes out NASCAR race at Bristol until Monday Soccer Taste of the Triangle: NC Courage downs Portland 1-0 in home opener Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Public window on financial complaints could be closing soon Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Real 'cap' for N.C. class size Editorial: Running our state into the ground Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Family This Arizona woman announced her pregnancy using a Unicorn Frappuccino Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About 'Empire' star has North Carolina roots Entertainment Seasonal tips for warm weather fashions Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Community sees vacant Durham land as opportunity for advancement Pets April 23 Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 53° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 53° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 86 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert. Details Published: 2017-04-23 13:04:00 Updated: 2017-04-23 21:06:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Steak 'N Shake gift card deal Tags: Freebies Posted 1:04 p.m. yesterday Updated 9:06 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17uIK Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Steak 'N Shake Offer If you love Steak 'N Shake, this offer is for you. Get 15% cash back when you purchase Steak 'N Shake gift cards from MyGiftCardsPlus, which is a site that gives you cash back when you buy gift cards to your favorite retailers. The cash back is paid in the form of SB points on Swagbucks, which you can turn into free gift cards to places like Amazon, Walmart, Target, Starbucks, PayPal and many more. You can take advantage of this deal by clicking HERE and if you don't already have a Swagbucks account, you can create one there so you get your SB points for your purchase! See below for a new member sign-up bonus code. This is a limited time offer that's good through this April 30th or until supplies run out, whichever happens first! See all the details at Swagbucks HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. The "as low as" rate is at 3.96% APR (30 yr.) Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Documentaries Meet the team at Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Arkansas prepares for 1st double execution in US since 2000 Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Amazing: Child will 'be ok' after falling from back of bus NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina civil rights center faces conservative ire Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists National News Federal judges deny efforts to delay Arkansas executions Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Harris Teeter discontinues weekly Meal Deals SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Local billboard rules targeted in House bills SmartShopper Luvs diapers only $3.99 at Harris Teeter SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Documentaries Meet the team at Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Arkansas prepares for 1st double execution in US since 2000 Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Amazing: Child will 'be ok' after falling from back of bus NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina civil rights center faces conservative ire Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists National News Federal judges deny efforts to delay Arkansas executions Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Harris Teeter discontinues weekly Meal Deals SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Local billboard rules targeted in House bills SmartShopper Luvs diapers only $3.99 at Harris Teeter WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact DVD BEACHES Starring Nia Long and Idina Menzel Arrives on DVD May 9th By Tom Stockman | April 23, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Idina Menzel and Nia Long star in the powerful story of lifelong friendship in an all-new remake of the classic movie when BEACHES arrives on DVD at Walmart on May 9 from Lionsgate. Relive the powerful story of lifelong friendship in an all-new remake of the classic movie when Beaches arrives on DVD at Walmart on May 9 from Lionsgate. Tony Award® winner Idina Menzel and NAACP Image Award Winner Nia Long star as two very different women who share an unexpected friendship that, even with its ups and downs, lasts for decades. This new version of the 1988 film includes performances by Menzel of iconic songs from the original movie such as “Wind Beneath My Wings” and “The Glory of Love,” in addition to Menzel’s new original song, “Last Time.” The Beaches DVD will be available at Walmart for the suggested retail price of $14.98. OFFICIAL SYNOPSIS In this contemporary remake, Beaches follows the serendipitous meeting of two young girls on the Venice Beach Boardwalk, who, though worlds apart in lifestyle, embark on an unexpected and lifelong friendship. CC (Idina Menzel) is an aspiring singer trying to make it in Los Angeles when she is discovered by a director who gives her her first big shot. Hillary (Nia Long), the daughter of a prominent civil rights lawyer, struggles to find her own destiny. Their friendship — even with its ups and downs — sustains them for decades. Gabriella Pizzolo, Grace Capeless, Jodi Capeless, Sanai Victoria, and Antonio Cupo costar. CAST Idina Menzel                          Frozen, Enchanted, Rent Nia Long                                The Best Man Holiday, Big Momma’s House, Friday Related ItemsBeachesIdina MenzelNia Long Tom Stockman ← Previous Story Steven Spielberg, Jordan Peele, Will Packer, Jason Blum Help Universal CityWalk Inaugurate Universal Cinema Next Story → CARRIE (1976) Midnights This Weekend at The Moolah You may also like... Watch The New Trailer For Chris Buck’s And Jennifer Lee’s FROZEN FEVER Head Back To Arendelle in New FROZEN FEVER Photos & Featurette ABC To Air “The Story of Frozen: Making a Disney Animated Classic” Tuesday, Sept 2 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News Disconnect HAL Midnights at The Tivoli this Weekend – 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY ALPHA AND OMEGA: JOURNEY TO BEAR KINGDOM Arrives on DVD, Digital HD and On Demand May 9th CARRIE (1976) Midnights This Weekend at The Moolah BEACHES Starring Nia Long and Idina Menzel Arrives on DVD May 9th Cute Photos Of Chris Pratt, Anna Faris And Son At Walk of Fame Star Ceremony GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 CD Score From Composer Tyler Bates Available On April 28 Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg Oscars michael bay saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen Samuel L Jackson mark wahlberg Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Quentin Tarantino Gary Oldman Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com "Science March" morons don't realize they are made of CARBON Walmart to unveil SEDENTARY shopping where you don’t even have to walk the store… flying DRONES bring all the products to your basket Sunday, April 23, 2017 by: Jayson Veley Tags: drones, health, technology, Walmart (Natural News) Humans and technology have a bittersweet relationship with one another. One the one hand, it makes our lives more convenient. If you need to know the ingredients for homemade mac and cheese, all you have to do is speak into your phone’s web browser and you’ll have the information you need within seconds. If you come home late at night and can’t find the light switch in your dark house, there is software that allows you to turn on the lights by simply saying the words “lights on.” In this way, things that were once challenging and required a certain amount of effort are now incredibly simplistic and call for virtually no effort whatsoever – which brings us to the “bitter” part of the bittersweet relationship. Even though most forms of technology make our lives exponentially easier, some of it is having a lasting effect on our physical health and wellbeing. To give just one simple example, the invention of elevators and escalators has resulted in fewer people using the stairs, because stairs are no longer the most effortless and convenient method of going up and down. Additionally, most supermarkets today have motorized scooters available for those who can’t walk through the aisles. Even though there are people out there who are legitimately immobile due to an injury or medical condition, there are no doubt people who use the scooters because it’s easier to pull down on a throttle then it is to walk. Incredibly, new technology is now in the works that would allow Walmart shoppers to retrieve the items they need without even moving an inch. The Arkansas-based Corporation recently received a patent for in-store drones that would be used to transport items from one department to another, thus eliminating the need for shoppers to walk across the stores to find what they are looking for. “Sadly, this invention will only contribute to the sedentary lifestyles of Walmart shoppers, many of whom are already obese and diabetic,” added Mike Adams, the Health Ranger. “For far too many Americans, walking the store aisles to shop for disease-promoting processed foods is the only real form of exercise they ever get.” The patent is officially entitled “Method to carry an item within a retail shopping facility.” Amazon is currently testing similar technology, although Walmart will be the first corporation to use drones to enhance the experience of in-store shoppers. The delivery process would start with a customer making a request to a Walmart employee via a text message. The employee would then manually attach the item to the drone, which would then be directed to the drop off point via a central computer system. According to the patent, “The departing airborne drone can be directed to another similar task if desired, or tasked in some other regards, or directed to a staging area to await a new task and/or to recharge its on-board batteries.” Of course, the airspace inside of Walmart facilities isn’t completely free of obstacles. Often times there are shelves and displays that tower high above the ground. This is why the in-store drones will be equipped with “one or more on-board sensors” that allows it to detect and move around obstacles on its way to an item or to a customer. It may also use GPS and 3D mapping technology to help the drone find its way around the store. The patent also suggests that Walmart may use windows to allow the drone to fly between the store’s shopping area and the storage area that isn’t accessible to the public. “By one approach such a window 208 is at least twice the width of the wingspan of the airborne drone 212 and at least four times as high as the airborne drone,” the patent says. Even though this idea seems like an extremely positive step in the direction of a technologically advanced future, we must also keep in mind our physical health and wellbeing, both on an individual basis and collectively as a country. Less walking and exercise could lead to obesity, high blood pressure, stroke and even certain diseases like diabetes. America could be the most advanced nation on planet earth, but if all of its citizens are overweight and unhealthy, then what is the point? Sources Dailymail.co.uk Fortune.com Previous :14 Blatant lies about psychotropic drugs the FDA teaches medical students Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on drones Walmart to unveil SEDENTARY shopping where you don’t even have to walk the store… flying DRONES bring all the products to your basket Total hypocrisy: Obama routinely bombed 5 out of the 7 countries Trump just banned, but the media said nothing The Titanic sails at dawn: Warning signs point to danger ahead in 2017 Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-23-walmart-to-unveil-sedentary-shopping-where-you-dont-even-have-to-walk-the-store-flying-drones-bring-all-the-products-to-your-basket.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-23-walmart-to-unveil-sedentary-shopping-where-you-dont-even-have-to-walk-the-store-flying-drones-bring-all-the-products-to-your-basket.html">Walmart to unveil SEDENTARY shopping where you don’t even have to walk the store… flying DRONES bring all the products to your basket</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com 3 Off-grid ways to save money on your electric bill - NaturalNews.com Age defying 80-year-old personal trainer keeping older Americans in fighting shape - NaturalNews.com Dietary myth BUSTED: Eating more salt does NOT make you drink more water… you actually use LESS water as a result - NaturalNews.com Grid down in San Fran, NYC and LA - what happens when ALL major cities lose power? - NaturalNews.com Patients found to recover more quickly once they remove hospital gowns - NaturalNews.com Chiropractors speaking out against vaccines Vaccines cause sudden death, proves document hidden by Big Pharma for two years 14 Blatant lies about psychotropic drugs the FDA teaches medical students - NaturalNews.com PURE EVIL: How Google steals content, crushes small publishers and monopolizes the internet for profit - NaturalNews.com Deep breathing leads to stress relief, researchers find - NaturalNews.com Super bedbugs now emerging everywhere thanks to global travelers who carry the pests at the speed of jet travel - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Losing weight can be as easy as starting a vegan diet - NaturalNews.com Unhealthy food cravings are a sign of mineral deficiencies 63% of Americans are FINALLY concerned with the quality of their drinking water - NaturalNews.com Elephants are conscious beings with BODY awareness, new experiments reveal… are they smarter than humans? - NaturalNews.com FDA okays do-it-yourself DNA tests for 10 diseases… but genetics alone can’t control your health - NaturalNews.com Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? - NaturalNews.com ‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com Feed your furry friend a tablespoon of organic coconut oil to unlock these amazing health benefits…. - NaturalNews.com Game Changer: Cash-only doctors are causing panic in the insurance industry - NaturalNews.com PURE EVIL: How Google steals content, crushes small publishers and monopolizes the internet for profit - NaturalNews.com Lyme disease is about to explode across North America….with no cures in sight - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to discover the human body is full of “mini brains” that function without using the Central Nervous System - NaturalNews.com Ease the load on your liver with these 7 foods - NaturalNews.com Pentagon unveils kinetic energy weapon that Health Ranger accurately detailed two years earlier - NaturalNews.com Alert: 134 pro-vaccine bills are active in 35 states - NaturalNews.com 3 Off-grid ways to save money on your electric bill - NaturalNews.com Mad scientists create a chicken that has a dinosaur face in shocking new experiment - NaturalNews.com Shocking study finds that penicillin changes childrens’ brains, causing them to grow up angry and violent - NaturalNews.com Breast cancer BOMBSHELL: Women being CONNED into mastectomy surgery by doctors who SCARE them with false genetic testing results, warn Stanford medical researchers - NaturalNews.com SHOCK: Drug overdose deaths now kill more Americans every year than the entire Vietnam War… after Democrats refused to protect the border from drug cartels - NaturalNews.com Shocking study reveals your doctor is WRONG 88% of the time… second opinions rarely agree with your first diagnosis - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Obama officials caught red-handed in most explosive abuse of power in U.S. history… bigger than Watergate… is Susan Rice going to prison? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC Fall from grace? Whole Foods losing staggering number of customers - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com In plain sight: How to stay hidden during a crisis - NaturalNews.com Vaccination detoxification - How to remove heavy metals and other vaccine toxins 95% of status quo scientists FAIL this simple SCIENCE QUIZ… (take it yourself and see why) - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government 10 health benefits of cucumbers Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Eating clean, unprocessed foods is now a dangerous "cult," declares idiotic mainstream media (with a little help from the dirty diary industry) (Naturalnews.com) 14 Blatant lies about psychotropic drugs the FDA teaches medical students (Naturalnews.com) Horrific spider bite may cause man to lose his arms and legs (Newstarget.com) There are far more vaccine-damaged children in America than chemical weapons-damaged children in Syria (Newstarget.com) Confirmed: Bacteria in your mouth can "ignite" cancer throughout your body... oral health should be part of every prevention strategy (Naturalnews.com) 100 shocking studies prove cannabis can help cure cancer (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 50 49 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Tax refund advances get big marketing push in 2017 Get ready to be deluged with pitches for fast-cash, refund-related loans at 0%.  Post to Facebook Tax refund advances get big marketing push in 2017 Get ready to be deluged with pitches for fast-cash, refund-related loans at 0%.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2izUdBW {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Tax refund advances get big marketing push in 2017 Susan Tompor , Detroit Free Press 1:04 p.m. ET Jan. 15, 2017 H&R Block promotes its Refund Advance program on storefront windows, like one in Hazel Park in early January. (Photo: Susan Tompor) 50 CONNECTTWEET 49 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE It's going to be hard to turn on the TV, drive past a tax preparation storefront or walk into a Walmart early into this tax season and not be deluged with pitches for fast-cash, refund-related loans at 0%. H&R Block, Jackson Hewitt and others are fighting for market share and trying to lock in customers who might otherwise turn to an online competitor, like TurboTax. The strategy is to heavily market easy money loans for a limited time — typically through February — to struggling tax filers who benefit from the Earned Income Tax Credit but now face added delays for early refund money. Consumers who might receive refunds of $4,000 or more thanks to the Earned Income Tax Credit now are told not to expect refund money until Feb. 27, a few weeks later than usual. Experts say early filers still should file in January and February, like usual, as waiting might drag out the process even more. The 0% pitches come at a time when the working poor and moderate-income families are particularly vulnerable because they turn to early tax refunds to cover winter heating bills and other expenses. "They expect refunds at a certain time," said Chi Chi Wu, staff attorney for the National Consumer Law Center. "These are families who can use every penny they can get." But the rules changed this tax season, thanks to a push in Congress to combat fraud and crooks who steal IDs to file fake tax returns that tap into generous tax credits, like the EITC, to rip off the federal government. H&R Block estimates some 15 million tax filers who receive the EITC and often file early could face delays. "With this client, there are real needs for cash," said William Cobb, CEO of H&R Block. On Monday, H&R Block rolled out its Refund Advance product,  which is being pitched as a 0% interest loan with no finance charges. The H&R Block tax-related loan will be made in the amounts of $500, $750, or $1,250 upfront, based on the eligibility of the client. Refund Advance is offered by H&R Block through a partnership with MetaBank, a federal savings bank based in Sioux Falls, S.D., which can provide up to $1.6 billion of such loans to H&R Block customers. The loan itself is available if the tax filer is projected to have a tax refund of at least $1,000. The H&R Block loan is only available in H&R Block offices, not online. "We're driven to get more clients," Cobb said. "This is about as consumer-friendly as you can get." Refunds will be later This tax season, many tax filers on the edge could very well take a second look at such products. Beginning this year, the IRS by law cannot release tax refunds for returns that claim Earned Income Tax Credit or the Additional Child Tax Credit until Feb. 15. The Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 — known as the PATH Act — put these extra hurdles into place as a way to combat fraud and ID theft. Realistically, tax experts say it could be until Feb. 27 or so by the time many early tax filers receive their refund cash. It's not a small point for many families. "For most Americans who file in January and February, they really rely on their refund as one of their biggest checks of the year," said David Prokupek, CEO of Jackson Hewitt. Prokupek said some $50 billion of refunds could be delayed as a result of the new law and many consumers will want some product to deal with those kind of numbers. "No one has that much spare change lying around," Prokupek said. Jackson Hewitt offers loans Jackson Hewitt's Express Refund Advance is marketed as a loan with no fees, a 0% annual percentage rate and no credit check. Jackson Hewitt's Express Refund Advance offers loans in amounts of $250, $500, $750, $1,000 and $1,300 — again depending on what the customer is approved for by MetaBank. For example, someone who is likely to get a $500 tax refund might qualify for a $250 advance. Jackson Hewitt kicked off its tax season in late November by offering a way for taxpayers to prequalify for an Express Refund Advance by answering a few questions on www.ExpressRefundAdvance.com. Early loans could even be granted with just a pay stub — not W-2s, which are to be out by Jan. 31. Shoppers at Walmart — Jackson Hewitt has tax service operations in 3,000 Walmart stores — are seeing signs in the store promoting the new refund advance product. Again, the advance loans are only available if you go to a Walmart location or one of Jackson Hewitt's storefronts. You cannot obtain the loans online. "Handing out money over the Internet without seeing your face or ID is not something we want to do," Prokupek said. To get the loan, you will have to pay to file your taxes with Jackson Hewitt. And if you take out a refund advance at H&R Block, you'd have to file your taxes with H&R Block. The advances would be repaid with actual tax refund money when that's issued. If you qualify for the Jackson Hewitt advance product, customers can receive the money via direct deposit or loaded onto an American Express Serve Card at no charge. One promotion offers customers who opt for the American Express prepaid card a $50 Walmart gift card. "Consumers are spending their refund dollars at Walmart," Prokupek said. With the American Express Serve card, consumers can withdraw cash for free at MoneyPass-branded ATMs, which are listed online at www.moneypass.com. Consumers would pay a $3.50 American Express Serve fee for withdrawing cash at non-MoneyPass ATMs. And it's possible that the ATM operator may also charge a fee. The H&R Block loan is loaded onto a H&R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard. You'd pay a $3 fee at ATMs for withdrawing cash. You can avoid added surcharge fees by getting cash at MoneyPass ATMs or Allpoint ATMs in 7-Eleven and CVS stores. Ask before you sign up So what are the questions consumers need to ask, if they're tempted by 0% refund advances? One concern: How much will tax preparation services cost you? Financially strapped tax filers could be tempted to pay up to a few hundred dollars or so for tax preparation services instead of using free services, if they want to gain access to advance loans. Tax filers who qualify for the Earned Income Tax Credit  risk forgoing free tax preparation services via volunteer tax assistance programs, such as those offered by AARP and the Accounting Aid Society.  DETROIT FREE PRESS More W-2s to have a 16-digit code to fight tax fraud In addition, the Internal Revenue Service estimates that 70% of the nation’s taxpayers are eligible for IRS Free File where software is available to those with incomes of $64,000 or less. See www.irs.gov. "A taxpayer should ask about the costs involved with their tax preparation and any related products offered so they can make informed decisions," said Marshall Hunt, certified public accountant and director of tax policy for the Accounting Aid Society's tax assistance program in Detroit. DETROIT FREE PRESS Some families can't bank on a tax refund before Feb. 27 Other potential costs: How much will it cost you to get your money via a prepaid card? While many cards offer services with no fees, review potential fees with the card, including what it would cost you to go to an ATM to get money. For example, the Jackson Hewitt product offers no-fee transactions at MoneyPass ATMs but transactions at non-MoneyPass ATMs have a $3.50 American Express Serve fee. And it's possible that the operator of the ATM you use also charges another fee. If you don't use one of these prepaid cards for two months or so, you could be hit with inactivity fees each month. Wu, of the National Consumer Law Center, says there's always a concern that unscrupulous tax preparers could pad fees to borrowers. And she warns that consumers would want to consider any hidden fees and possible add-on fees if they opted for another product, like a refund anticipation check. In some cases, advocates warned that consumers can be hit with fees of $25 to $60 for refund anticipation checks. Consumers who face delays should consider contingency plans. Prioritize paying rent and utilities. Do not expect a tax refund to arrive like it did last year to pay those bills, especially if you receive the EITC. Even with the advance loans, consumers need to realize that there are limits on how much advance cash will be available. Contact Susan Tompor: stompor@freepress.com or 313-222-8876. Follow her on Twitter @Tompor.  50 CONNECTTWEET 49 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2izUdBW
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society BENTONVILLE, Ark., Apr. 20 /CSRwire/ – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency.   “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business, and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart:  In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers.  Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute.  Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals:  Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available.  Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals.   In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer: Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Disney Conservation Fund Names the Recipients of its 2016-2017 Grants Next PostNext Comcast NBCUniversal Celebrates Year-Round Commitment to Volunteerism During Annual Cares Day Search Recent Posts Statement by High Representative/Vice-President Federica Mogherini on the killing of an OSCE SMM monitor in a non-government Use of Extended-Pulsed Regimen with DIFICLIR[TM] (fidaxomicin) is More Effective Than Standard vancomycin in Achieving Sustained Cure of Clostridium difficile Infection (CDI) and Preventing Recurrence[1] Suzy Lamplugh Trust: Research Shows Intent Behind Stalking is an Indicator for Future Violence and Should be Investigated at Early Stages to Prevent Domestic Homicides Interview with Miranda Devine, The Daily Telegraph Remarks – Meeting with The Honorable Michael R. Pence, Vice President of the United States of America Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Shares Bought by Creative Planning QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Stake Increased by Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Cut by Charter Trust Co. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Sells 2,214 Shares of International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Shares Sold by Atlas Brown Inc. Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Reduced by Rathbone Brothers plc Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Short Interest Update Movado Group, Inc (MOV) Short Interest Up 53.9% in March Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $4.119 Million Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Macquarie Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Position in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Force Capital Management LLC Has $6.618 Million Position in Visa Inc (V) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $718,000 Stake in Visa Inc (V) Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $13.803 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Position Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 19,411 Shares of Twitter Inc (TWTR) Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 41,279 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Cut by Charter Trust Co. April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Charter Trust Co. lowered its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 46.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 21,949 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 19,037 shares during the period. Charter Trust Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,582,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 85,035 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,133,000 after buying an additional 1,022 shares in the last quarter. Payden & Rygel increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.8% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,216,073 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $231,943,000 after buying an additional 698,654 shares during the period. Finally, Nuance Investments LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.3% in the third quarter. Nuance Investments LLC now owns 240,323 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $17,332,000 after buying an additional 12,159 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 74.94 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $227.29 billion, a PE ratio of 17.11 and a beta of 0.09. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $71.41 and its 200 day moving average price is $69.88. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Thursday. Stock investors purchased 35,280 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 383% compared to the average daily volume of 7,309 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.49 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.72%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Cut by Charter Trust Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-cut-by-charter-trust-co.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the stock. KeyCorp reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Wednesday. BMO Capital Markets reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Telsey Advisory Group raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $73.00 to $82.00 in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.33. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $754,306,647.33. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact


MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada Fort McMurray One Year Later: 'We had nothing.' One family on rebuilding life post-fire The Hanifan family lost everything when wildfires devastated Fort McMurray. Despite that, they are committed to rebuilding their lives and their community. Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Alex Boyd / Metro Order this photo Rodney and Gail Hanifan lost everything in the wildfires of Fort McMurray, Alta. But they count themselves among the lucky ones. By: Alex Boyd Metro Published on Sitting in the parking lot of an Edmonton Wal-Mart, her family’s home in flames 400 km away down a jammed highway, it all caught up with Gail Hanifan. Her sister went in to grab supplies, but Gail was frozen. “I just said, ‘What am I going to get?’” she recalled, before pausing, her voice quiet. “I knew in my heart that we had nothing.”  So began the Hanifans journey to rebuilding their life in Fort McMurray. It’s been almost a year since a runaway wildfire changed course and smashed into the northern Alberta city, forcing the rushed evacuation of almost 90,000 people and causing more damage than any other disaster in Canadian history. While stories abound of people choosing not to go back, the Hanifan family remains committed to the town they say is unlike anywhere else. Gail and Rodney Hanifan, with their children Gail and Rodney Jr., pictured in Waterways, their former Fort McMurray neighbourhood. Originally from New Brunswick, Gail and her husband Rodney first moved west for the jobs almost 20 years ago. They went back east once, but returned for good because of what they say is an unusually hardworking, family-oriented community. “I have so much love for this place, it changed my life like no other,” Gail said, recounting the events of last May from their new rental home in the city they were once forced to flee. Their two kids, aged 15 and 12, were born in Fort McMurray, and she credits the boomtown with making them a family. Waiting out the evacuation first in an Edmonton hotel, then in a borrowed camper, Rodney says they never talked about whether or not they’d come back. It was just a fact. They stress they are among the lucky ones. Their kids were safe, and they were able to grab their two small dogs before running out the door. But they lost almost everything in their house. Gail’s hunch that it was all gone was confirmed when a pilot friend snapped pictures of where their house once stood in the Waterways neighbourhood. The only things visible were iron skeletons of their cars sticking out of a pile of ash. After a month the family could head back north, but undamaged rental properties were few and far between. They were always renters in Fort Mac, and in hindsight consider themselves lucky they aren’t fighting with insurance companies like so many of their neighbours. Though they're looking now to buy a house, they found a rental in the meantime and got to work replacing what they could, from the plates and dishes in the kitchen to the leafy houseplant in the living room. But the irreplaceable things — their wedding video, the letter Gail wrote for her daughter when she was a baby, or the video diary she made for her son — are gone. “Those things I grieved the most for,” she said. Jennifer Friesen/For Metro Gail Hanifan reflects on some of the irreplaceable things lost in the Fort McMurray fire. Luck has given them a hand, though. When they were first married Rodney bought a painting for Gail, of a view of the beach, looking out a window. It was one of the lost things that made her sad, so one day she did a quick Kijiji search — and an identical print popped up. She tracked down the seller, and now it hangs in their kitchen. “There's not many days that you don't think about what happened, but it doesn't rule your life, it doesn’t shape who you are,” Rodney said. He tires of the negative stereotypes of Fort McMurray, that it’s just a soulless industry town, and says they’re dedicated to rebuilding the place they know, the one that made them a family. One of the first steps: marking almost one year since the fires broke out by hosting 20 friends for an Easter feast. “We've had bigger events here than the fire.” About this series: every day this week Metro is going back to Fort McMurray, one year after the costliest disaster Canada has ever seen, to check in on the successes, challenges and future of rebuilding. Editors' Picks Power of female surgeons unmasked thanks to a magazine cover Great Barrier Grief: Australia's treasure is dying Video: Rare drone footage shows why blue whales can be such picky eaters 'Operation Vandelay Industries' nabs fake architect named Newman More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Seven warning signs of a bad debt customer 10 ways university has changed in the last 10 Years British Columbia researchers want to use psychedelics to treat addiction Edmonton police arrest suspects following investigation into toddler's death Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Three Hard Lessons the Internet Is Teaching Traditional Stores ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Three Hard Lessons the Internet Is Teaching Traditional Stores By Christopher Mims Published April 23, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print With brick and mortar stores shuttering at a record pace, retail in the U.S. feels like it's at a tipping point. Many of the stores that once filled the malls of America have become "zombies," while online retailers capture ever more of the most valuable consumers -- the young and affluent. Continue Reading Below Legacy retailers are trying to play catch-up, but they're saddled by huge fixed costs, investors who prefer dividends to innovations, and CEOs incentivized to focus on the next quarter, not the next decade. It's only a matter of time before Amazon.com's army of physical retail formats turn into an existential threat to everyone from Mom and Pop to Kroger and Wal-Mart. That doesn't mean retailers are taking this lying down. As online brands begin to build physical shops, the old guard is taking notes -- and in many cases, writing checks. Wal-Mart, for example, has been on an acquisition binge of late. It's now in talks to buy men's clothier Bonobos for $300 million. After surveying analysts and CEOs, I learned the three biggest lessons physical retailers are grappling with as they face this rocky transition. Data is King When I asked Target, Walgreens and grocery chain Giant Food about loyalty programs and the fate of customers' purchasing data -- which is the in-store equivalent of your web browsing history -- they all declined to comment. Why so cagey? Perhaps because of the uproar that occurred when Target sent coupons for baby clothes and cribs to the home of a teenage girl, alerting her family she was pregnant, says Michelle Evans, an analyst at consumer research firm Euromonitor. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Data has been a vital part of Amazon's retail revolution, just as it was with Netflix's media revolution and Google and Facebook's advertising revolution. For brick-and-mortar retailers, purchasing data doesn't just help them compete with online adversaries; it has also become an alternate revenue source when profit margins are razor thin. For example, Unilever might buy store sales data to figure out which products are in high demand and when people buy them. (Ms. Evans says that when retailers sell data, it's anonymized and not linked to individual consumers.) Physical retailers must catch up to online retailers in collecting rich data without making it feel so intrusive. Why, exactly, does my grocery store need my phone number? Personalization + Automation = Profits There's a debate in the auto industry: Can Tesla get good at making cars faster than Ford, General Motors and Toyota can get good at making self-driving electric vehicles? The same applies to retail: Can physical retailers build intimate digital relationships with their customers -- and use that data to update their stores -- faster than online-first retailers can learn how to lease property, handle inventory and manage retail workers? Online retailers know what's popular, and how customers who like one item tend to like certain others. So Amazon's physical bookstores can put out fewer books with more prominently displayed covers. Bonobos doesn't even sell clothes in its stores, which it calls "guideshops." Instead, customers go there to try clothes on, and their selections are delivered through the company's existing e-commerce system. Amazon's upcoming Go convenience stores, selling groceries and meal kits, don't even require cashiers. That's the sort of automation that could position Amazon to reap margins -- or slash prices -- to a degree unprecedented for retailers in traditionally low-margin categories like food and packaged goods. While online retailers are accustomed to updating inventory and prices by the hour, physical retailers simply don't have the data or the systems to keep up, and tend to buy and stock on cycles as long as a year, says George Faigen, a retail consultant at Oliver Wyman. Some legacy retailers are getting around this by teaming up with online players. Target stocks men's shaving supplies from not one but two online upstarts, Harry's and Bevel. Target has said that, as a result, more customers are coming in to buy razors, increasing the sales of every brand on that aisle -- even good old Gillette. Retailers have long relied on manufacturers to drive customers to stores by marketing their goods and even managing in-store displays. The difference is this: In the past, new brands had to persuade store buyers to dole out precious shelf space; now the brands can prove themselves online first. Legacy Tech Won't Cut It Perhaps the biggest challenge for existing retailers, says Euromonitor's Ms. Evans, is finding the money to transition to this hybrid online-offline model. While Target has announced it will spend $7 billion over the next three years to revamp its stores, investors fled the stock in February after Target reported 2017 profits might be 25% less than expected. When Warby Parker, the online eyeglasses retailer, set out to launch stores across the U.S., the company looked for in-store sales software that could integrate with its existing e-commerce systems. It couldn't find a system up to the task, so it built one from scratch. These kinds of systems allow salespeople to know what customers have bought both online and off, and what they might be nudged toward on that day. "We call it the 'point of everything' system," says David Gilboa, co-founder and co-chief executive. Having this much customer knowledge available instantly is critical, but it's precisely what existing retailers struggle with, Mr. Faigen says. Even Amazon is experiencing brick-and-mortar difficulties. In March, The Wall Street Journal reported that the Go stores would be delayed because of kinks in the point-of-sale software system. Andy Katz-Mayfield, co-founder and co-chief executive of Harry's, is skeptical that traditional retailers like Wal-Mart can make the leap, even if they invest heavily in technology. The problem, he says, is that selling online isn't just about taking orders through a website. Companies that succeed are good at selling direct to consumers -- building technology from the ground up, integrating teams skilled at navigating online marketing's ever-shifting terrain and managing the experience through fulfillment and delivery, Mr. Katz-Mayfield says. That e-commerce startups are so confident about their own future doesn't mean they are right about the fate of traditional retailers, however. A report from Merrill Lynch argues Wal-Mart is embarking on a period of 20% to 30% growth for its e-commerce business. A spokesman for the company said that in addition to acquisitions, the company is focused on growing its e-commerce business organically. It isn't hard to picture today's e-commerce companies becoming brick-and-mortar retailers. It's harder to bet on traditional retailers becoming as tech savvy as their e-competition. (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 23, 2017 07:14 ET (11:14 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Trump relies on magic wand of growth to pay for tax cuts World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Euro jumps as Macron emerges as favorite to lead France Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Silicon Valley's Dark Secret Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Should I invest my retirement savings in gold? Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Million-dollar startups: These firms scored big sales their first year Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury Ex-Tesla exec aims to outdo Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz There is a retail bubble -- and it's bursting by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz March 9, 2017: 11:46 AM ET America's top retailers in trouble America has way too many stores -- at a time when consumers are increasingly shopping online instead of at the mall. One retail CEO even compared the state of retail today to the housing bubble back in the mid-2000s. Urban Outfitters, Staples, Dick's (DKS) and Men's Wearhouse/Jos. A Bank owner Tailored Brands (TLRD) all reported disappointing quarterly results this week. Women's apparel retailer J. Jill (JILL) went public on Thursday and found few interested shoppers. The stock fell -- after pricing its offering below its expected range. Handbag retailer Vera Bradley (VRA) underwhelmed Wall Street too. RadioShack just went bankrupt. Again. And Sears (SHLD) continues to hemorrhage red ink. The story is the same for these and other struggling chains like Macy's (M), JCPenney (JCP), Barnes & Noble (BKS), Victoria's Secret owner L Brands (LB) and Target (TGT). Shoppers are more inclined to click and order than visit bricks and mortar. Amazon (AMZN, Tech30), of course, is the biggest beneficiary of this trend. Its stock is up almost 15% this year and is trading near an all-time high. The company is worth nearly $410 billion -- almost double the market value of Walmart (WMT). So, to quote King George III in Hamilton: What comes next? Many retailers may be forced to shut even more stores and bulk up on their online commerce sites and mobile apps. Related: Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 The head of Urban Outfitters (URBN) had a blunt, and scary, assessment of the retail situation earlier this week. During a conference call with analysts on Tuesday, CEO Richard Hayne compared the state of retail to the housing glut last decade that helped bring about the Great Recession. "Retail square feet per capita in the United States is more than six times that of Europe or Japan. And this doesn't count digital commerce," Hayne said. "Our industry, not unlike the housing industry, saw too much square footage capacity added in the 1990s and early 2000s." "Thousands of new doors opened and rents soared. This created a bubble, and like housing, that bubble has now burst," he added. "We are seeing the results: doors shuttering and rents retreating. This trend will continue for the foreseeable future and may even accelerate." It already is accelerating. Staples (SPLS) announced more store closures on Thursday. It joins a growing list of big retailers that are shutting stores, which includes both Sears and its subsidiary Kmart, Macy's, JCPenney and Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF). Electronics retailer hhgregg is closing many stores too after filing for bankruptcy this week. Wet Seal, American Apparel, Sports Authority and The Limited are closing all their stores after bankruptcy filings. Related: Move over, Amazon: Here comes Walmart Of course, not all retailers are bowled over by Amazon. Walmart, thanks in part to its purchase of e-commerce startup Jet last year, is starting to gain momentum in digital commerce. Shares of Best Buy (BBY) and Costco (COST) are both up this year as well, despite increased competition from both Amazon and Walmart. Home Depot (HD) and Lowe's (LOW) are holding up nicely too. And it sort of makes sense. Builders are probably more inclined to buy plywood and other supplies at a big store than online. Children's Place (PLCE) was also a retail standout, reporting results earlier this week that topped forecasts. The stock surged nearly 20% on the news. And there are several mall-based apparel chains that are still doing quite well, most notably fast fashion stalwarts H&M, Zara and Forever 21. Related: Here's why Amazon could buy a big retail chain But the dominance of Amazon is clearly taking its toll on the weakest links of the retail industry. So don't be surprised to see even more store closures and bankruptcies. Moody's said in a report this week that Sears, J. Crew, Payless and Gymboree were among 19 retailers that it considers to be financially distressed. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 9, 2017: 11:02 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Trump's new problem: Americans aren't shopping No shrimp today: Maine's waters are warming and it's costing fishermen money Bebe is closing all its stores, the latest casualty in retail Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner 36-year-old CEO bets $560,100,000 on 1 Stock This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Alert 53° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 53° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Tyheim Battle, top left, Brian Strickland, top right, Garrett Batcheler, bottom left, Keontre Brooks, bottom right. CCBI Crime April 23, 2017 6:01 PM 4 charged in series of purse snatchings By Charles Duncan cduncan@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story RALEIGH Four teenagers are in jail after police accused them of a series of daytime purse-snatching incidents last week near the Triangle Town Center mall in North Raleigh. Police say there have been other purse snatchings on New Bern Avenue and Falls of Neuse Road recently, but those remain unsolved. The first incident was outside the Walmart on Town Drive at about 1:15 p.m. Wednesday, according to the police report, when a purse was stolen from a 58-year-old woman. Two incidents were on Friday. First, police allege, a 33-year-old woman was targeted at the same Walmart at about 12:45 p.m. Then, a purse was stolen from Karen Kvam, 25, less than two miles away and about 15 minutes later at the BJ’s Wholesale Club near Triangle Town Center, police records show. Kvam told ABC11 that she was walking toward the BJ’s when, she said, “I felt this huge bang on my back like somebody just pounded me and yanked on my pocketbook and took off.” She said she tried to chase after the thieves but could not keep up. “I’ve never been hit like that before,” Kvam told the television station. Raleigh police spokeswoman Laura Hourigan said police arrested four boys, all 17 years old, in connection with the purse-snatching incidents. She said it appears the four were working together. On Friday, a woman who says her husband is a police officer began posting on social media about the purse-snatching incidents. She wrote, “There has been an alarming amount of women being assaulted in parking lots in Raleigh on New Bern Ave, Falls of Neuse, and most recently the Triangle Town Center shopping area in the last couple of days.” “Women are being thrown to the ground and their purses stolen,” she said on Facebook. Hourigan confirmed in an email, “There were other purse snatching incidents that occurred on New Bern Ave and Falls of Neuse.” “Detectives always investigate the possibility that there may be connections between crimes and will also do so in this case,” she added. Duncan: 919-829-4880, @duncanreporting LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Police chiefs, residents stress trust, cooperation in PSA video 1:00 2 days ago Police chiefs, residents stress trust, cooperation in PSA video 1:12 11 days ago Wake DA: 'This is the kind of person that does not need to wear a badge' 0:34 13 days ago Homeowner reacts after Kelly sentenced for HOA embezzlement View More Video Crime One injured in Raleigh shooting Raleigh police: No charges in fatal shooting by tow-truck driver SBI to put retired agents, law students on old homicide cases 2 men shot in Durham; police say they may have wounded each other PSA video aims to build trust between police and southern Wake residents Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Coupon Mom: Shoppers Are the Winners in Grocery Price Wars Stephanie Nelson Even the busiest shoppers can save dramatically with new easy methods available” said Coupon Mom Stephanie Nelson. “Our members report saving 25% to 50% off their groceries by using the website every week. (PRWEB) April 23, 2017 The fierce competition between the major grocery players has reduced average grocery prices significantly as compared to a year ago. Today the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart is investing heavily in having the lowest grocery prices in its markets, which has resulted in average price declines of 3 to 6% as compared to one year ago, depending on the market. Wolfe Research compared a basket of typical grocery items and found they were 5.8% less expensive than a year ago in Philadelphia, 4.9% less in Atlanta, and 2.7% less in Southern California. According to the USDA, a family of four spends an average of $881 on groceries per month ranging from $653 to $1300, depending on the family’s spending habits. A 5% decrease in grocery prices translates to an annual savings of $392 to $780 per year for a family of four. Across all stores and all markets, the Labor Department’s consumer price index showed a 1.3% decline in grocery prices in 2016, which is the first decline since 1959. Annual grocery price increases have been the norm, increasing from 1 to 17% annually since 1959. CouponMom.com makes it easy for shoppers to find the best deals and coupons at Walmart, Kroger, CVS, Target and dozens of major stores by providing store lists of the best deals, updated weekly. The free service has over seven million members who take advantage of the site’s coupons and store research to save time and money. “Even the busiest shoppers can save dramatically with new easy methods” said Coupon Mom Stephanie Nelson. “Our members report saving 25% to 50% off their groceries by using the website every week.” It’s realistic for a family of four to cut their annual grocery spending by $3000 or more, without compromising quality standards. When shoppers combine sale prices with coupons, digital coupons in store apps, automatic rebates and promotions, they can buy brand name items 50% or more off the retail prices. Being able to cut grocery spending by a conservative 25% translates into an annual savings of $3,000 for the average household, and as much as $4,000 for the highest-spending households. Stephanie Nelson is the Coupon Mom. With more than 7 million members, Coupon Mom gives members access to thousands of printable coupons for groceries, restaurants and more. As the nation’s top expert in couponing across the country, Stephanie has been on every major national television talk show and taught millions how to save money for the past 16 years. She has been called ‘”the rock star of the recession” by the Washington Post and her book, The Coupon Mom’s Guide to Cutting Your Grocery Bills in Half, is a New York Times best seller. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ChyronHego Introduces Click Effects PRIME Next PostNext Ortho Phenyl Phenol (OPP) Market 2017-2022 Review & Forecasts Research Report Search Recent Posts Global Dermatology Diagnostic Device Market Size is expected to reach USD 1 Billion by 2022 Photomultiplier Tube Market Size, Share Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Electrochromic Smart Glass Market Profits Estimated to be Generated During 2015 to 2021 Opto-Spectrum Generator Market Forecast to 2021 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and SWOT Analysis Global Protein Therapeutics Market 2017: Global Industry Analysis By Top Company (AbbVie, Amgen, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Novo Nordisk), Research Forecast, Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Coupon Mom: Shoppers Are the Winners in Grocery Price Wars Coupon Mom: Shoppers Are the Winners in Grocery Price Wars Posted on April 23, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Grocery Prices Dropped For First Time Since 1959. (PRWEB) April 23, 2017 The fierce competition between the major grocery players has reduced average grocery prices significantly as compared to a year ago. Today the Wall Street Journal reported that Walmart is investing heavily in having the lowest grocery prices in its markets, which has resulted in average price declines of 3 to 6% as compared to one year ago, depending on the market. Wolfe Research compared a basket of typical grocery items and found they were 5.8% less expensive than a year ago in Philadelphia, 4.9% less in Atlanta, and 2.7% less in Southern California. According to the USDA, a family of four spends an average of $881 on groceries per month ranging from $653 to $1300, depending on the family’s spending habits. A 5% decrease in grocery prices translates to an annual savings of $392 to $780 per year for a family of four. Across all stores and all markets, the Labor Department’s consumer price index showed a 1.3% decline in grocery prices in 2016, which is the first decline since 1959. Annual grocery price increases have been the norm, increasing from 1 to 17% annually since 1959. CouponMom.com makes it easy for shoppers to find the best deals and coupons at Walmart, Kroger, CVS, Target and dozens of major stores by providing store lists of the best deals, updated weekly. The free service has over seven million members who take advantage of the site’s coupons and store research to save time and money. “Even the busiest shoppers can save dramatically with new easy methods” said Coupon Mom Stephanie Nelson. “Our members report saving 25% to 50% off their groceries by using the website every week.” It’s realistic for a family of four to cut their annual grocery spending by $3000 or more, without compromising quality standards. When shoppers combine sale prices with coupons, digital coupons in store apps, automatic rebates and promotions, they can buy brand name items 50% or more off the retail prices. Being able to cut grocery spending by a conservative 25% translates into an annual savings of $3,000 for the average household, and as much as $4,000 for the highest-spending households. Stephanie Nelson is the Coupon Mom. With more than 7 million members, Coupon Mom gives members access to thousands of printable coupons for groceries, restaurants and more. As the nation’s top expert in couponing across the country, Stephanie has been on every major national television talk show and taught millions how to save money for the past 16 years. She has been called ‘”the rock star of the recession” by the Washington Post and her book, The Coupon Mom’s Guide to Cutting Your Grocery Bills in Half, is a New York Times best seller. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14267547.htm Latest News Coupon Mom: Shoppers Are the Winners in Grocery Price Wars ChyronHego Introduces Click Effects PRIME noax Technologies’ S21WP Industrial PC Named “Best of 2017” RACK59 Adds Bandwidth Capabilities to 7725 Connect Nicol Development Teams Up with Shatterbox Mallard Creek Polymers Announces Participation in TAPPI and PaperCon 2017, April 23-26 in Minneapolis, MN Worklogic HR Announces New Senior Human Resource Manager EzPaycheck 2017 Payroll Software Developers Have Added Features For More Versatility French Study Latest to Confirm Potential Benefits of Curcumin for Mesothelioma, According to Surviving Mesothelioma Long-time Technology Editor Scott Mace Accepts Newly Formed Role as Senior Custom Editor at H3.Group © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina's long summer vacations are being challenged Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Make your home safer in wicked weather Sponsor Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists DUALDoppler5000 WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NASCAR Rain washes out NASCAR race at Bristol until Monday Soccer Taste of the Triangle: NC Courage downs Portland 1-0 in home opener Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Public window on financial complaints could be closing soon Entertainment Who are the 100 most influential people in the world? It's 'more complicated' than you think Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Real 'cap' for N.C. class size Editorial: Running our state into the ground Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Family This Arizona woman announced her pregnancy using a Unicorn Frappuccino Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Complete Coverage See the latest › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About 'Empire' star has North Carolina roots Entertainment Seasonal tips for warm weather fashions Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Community sees vacant Durham land as opportunity for advancement Pets April 23 Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Out & About TV Watch the latest videos › 53° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 53° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 86 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert. Details Published: 2017-04-23 09:00:00 Updated: 2017-04-23 13:04:00 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm Tags: Freebies Posted 9:00 a.m. yesterday Updated 1:04 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17uAG Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks.com website Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 1 pm to 3 pm for 2 SB points! The Code is: SundayGoal Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Garner Appliance & Mattress Spring Sale Apr 21-29 Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Free Credit Score - No Card Required! 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper Apr 23, 7:29 p.m. labs - you are welcome! QUOTE Report as abuse labs Apr 23, 1:28 p.m. Thank you QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Documentaries Meet the team at Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Arkansas prepares for 1st double execution in US since 2000 Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Amazing: Child will 'be ok' after falling from back of bus NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina civil rights center faces conservative ire Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists National News Federal judges deny efforts to delay Arkansas executions Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Harris Teeter discontinues weekly Meal Deals SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Local billboard rules targeted in House bills SmartShopper Luvs diapers only $3.99 at Harris Teeter SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Documentaries Meet the team at Bitty & Beau's Coffee National News Arkansas prepares for 1st double execution in US since 2000 Lifestyles 10 things that could actually give you cancer Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Amazing: Child will 'be ok' after falling from back of bus NC Wanted NC Wanted: Vance County man dies in mysterious fire Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Out and About Photos: Brewgaloo 2017 Entertainment Steel Panther rocks The Ritz Pets Duke Lemur Center hosts Earth Day open house Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show Go Ask Mom 10 things parents should know about suicide if your teen's watching '13 Reasons Why' Local News 4 arrested after series of 'purse-snatchings' at Raleigh mall State News North Carolina civil rights center faces conservative ire Weather Steady rain, storms will last for days as flood watch persists National News Federal judges deny efforts to delay Arkansas executions Local News Land, vacant for 10 years, causes frustration for Durham residents SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Harris Teeter discontinues weekly Meal Deals SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend @NCCapitol Local billboard rules targeted in House bills SmartShopper Luvs diapers only $3.99 at Harris Teeter WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Apr 24, 2017 - Page 15　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Wal-Mart wants suppliers to reduce greenhouse gases Bloomberg Wal-Mart Stores Inc, long known for squeezing its suppliers on prices, is now pressuring companies including Unilever PLC and Colgate-Palmolive Co to help the world’s biggest retailer remove 1 billion metric tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions from its supply chain by 2030. The retailer’s target for “Project Gigaton” equates to taking 211 million passenger vehicles off the road for a year, according to a statement from the company. As part of the goal, Wal-Mart says is to also reduce emissions in its own operations by 18 percent by 2025. The bulk of the reduction will come from suppliers, Wal-Mart senior vice president for sustainability Laura Phillips said. “We’ve made progress in our own operations, but this is taking us deeper into our supply chain,” Phillips said in an interview on Tuesday. “We need our top suppliers to take more action.” The 1 billion-tonne target represents a significant step up from Wal-Mart’s previous goal to eliminate 20 million tonnes of emissions by the end of 2015, which it surpassed. The retailer boosted its broader sustainability targets in November last year, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025, up from 25 percent. Wal-Mart has identified six areas where suppliers could focus their “clean” energy efforts: agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation and product use and design. Reducing emissions beyond a company’s own operations can be challenging, as Dove soap maker Unilever has found. The company pledged in 2010 to halve the greenhouse gas impact of its products by 2020, by asking consumers to do things like take shorter showers, but it has since pushed that target back to 2030 as the company found it difficult to influence consumer behavior. To make sure everyone is meeting those goals, Wal-Mart is working with nongovernmental organizations including the WWF and the Environmental Defense Fund to help suppliers track their progress. This story has been viewed 1983 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-17 to 2017-04-24 Most read Most e-mailed 1 NWL collected NT$24bn in taxes, committee says 2 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Berry delicious: Japanese kyoho grapes right here in Changhua 彰化大村體驗採葡萄樂 5 Safety, cleanliness of Japan are major lures for travelers MORE  1 Cabinet approves bill to attract skilled foreigners 2 N Korea issue cannot be outsourced 3 Maori king ‘useless’ comment probed 4 Lee Hsi-ming to head military: ministry 5 The only way is up for NT dollar MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus VPN News Black Friday 2017: what to expect and where to find the best deals Black Friday 2017: what to expect and where to find the best deals By Gary Marshall Mobile phones   Looking ahead to the biggest shopping day of the year Shares Black Friday is the biggest shopping day of the year, and it’s a really big deal: in 2016 in the UK, we spent a whopping £1.23 billion - and over the Black Friday week, we spent £6.45 billion. On Black Friday 2016 Target was shifting 3,200 TVs per minute, and in the first few hours of Black Friday Amazon had sold over 100,000 children’s toys. In the US, Adobe reports that online sales hit $3.34 billion, with $1.2 billion of that coming from people using mobile devices. The most popular purchases? iPads and 4K Samsung TVs. It’s ironic that Black Friday drives so much traffic to websites, because it used to be about more traditional traffic: the name was used by US police to describe the chaos when everybody hit the sales on the same day. Black Friday still happens on the High Street, but increasingly the best deals - and the most shoppers - are online. When is Black Friday 2017? Black Friday is the Friday immediately after the Thanksgiving holiday in the US, so Black Friday 2017 will be on November 24th. It’s the starting gun of the Christmas shopping season, and it’s famous for what retailers call “ doorbusters”: deals so good that shoppers will try and break down the front doors to get at them. Inevitably that means it’s also famous for shoppers battling one another, with each Black Friday bringing a new bunch of YouTube clips showing people fighting over flat-screen TVs. Things got so bad on Black Friday 2014 that ASDA, Wal-Mart’s UK brand and the firm largely responsible for bringing Black Friday to the UK, decided not to do Black Friday 2015 or Black Friday 2016 at all. That proved to be an expensive decision. Like for like sales in the 13 weeks to January 1 2016 were down 5.8%, the firm’s worst quarterly sales ever. By comparison, in 2014 John Lewis UK reported that its Black Friday sales were the highest weekly sales in the company’s 150-year history. Why Black Friday matters Black Friday has transformed the Christmas shopping season, for better and for worse. James Miller, senior retail consultant at Experian Marketing Services, told the BBC that “there is little doubt Black Friday has dramatically changed the way people shop in the run-up to Christmas and has created an expectation of deep discounts that arguably did not exist before,” while a report by LCP Consulting found that nearly one-third of UK and US retailers believe that Black Friday is “unprofitable and unsustainable." Before Black Friday became a big deal, the run-up to Christmas was a great period for retailers: we’d buy loads of presents for others and for ourselves, and retailers would make huge piles of money. Then Black Friday happened, and all of a sudden many of us were browsing the bargains for the presents to put in Santa’s sack. Money spent on deeply discounted products in November is money that won’t be spent on more profitable products in December. According to research by Verdict Retail, there is “no evidence” that Black Friday “stimulated demand”: Black Friday is essentially a black hole that sucks in a big part of people’s pre-Christmas shopping. We buy more but pay less for it. According to Mike Watkins of Nielsen UK, “Whilst Nielsen analysis shows that Black Friday in November 2014 did not deliver incremental food sales it did serve to kick start what was the slowest start to Christmas trading in over 10 years. Perhaps that’s the primary objective in these changing times.” Gary Booker, CMO at Dixons Retail, told Marketing Week that Black Friday negatively affects purchases in the following weeks: “It takes sales out of what would have been key early weeks in December,” he said, and multiple reports show that since Black Friday has taken off in the UK we’re spending less money on Boxing Day, our previous favourite for bargain hunting. That means retailers need to think very carefully about Black Friday: they can discount in the hope they’ll make up for the lower margins with higher volumes, or they can decide not to take part in Black Friday and potentially lose sales to rivals who do. Black Friday 2017 won't be so crazy Black Friday 2014 was particularly silly in the UK: while grown men and women knocked each other over to try and get cheap Polaroid TVs in supermarkets, men and women knocked over loads of websites too. Many retailers weren’t prepared for the volume of online traffic and their servers couldn’t cope. Other firms that hadn’t thought Black Friday was a particularly big deal tried to get in on the action. The result felt rather like some firms were running around with a pricing gun, discounting whatever they spotted. Black Friday 2015 was very different. Websites coped just fine - although some raised eyebrows with “oh! We’re so busy you’ll have to queue!” warnings that seemed more about marketing than reflecting actual demand - and retailers had a strategy in place. Where previous Black Fridays were crazy, Black Friday 2015 was calm. The difference? Planning. Retailers knew what to expect, had struck deals with suppliers well in advance and approached Black Friday like any other shopping event. There were still bargains to be had, but it certainly didn’t feel like bargain-conscious customers were getting one over on panicking retailers. Black Friday 2016 was different again: for many big-name retailers, instead of everything happening on one day, their sales were spread over an entire week from the Monday before Black Friday to Cyber Monday, the Monday immediately after. Cyber Monday used to be a separate event, the day everybody panicked and thought “oh no! It’s nearly Christmas and I haven’t bought any presents!” before visiting Amazon on their work PCs. But in 2016 it was just another part of Black Friday Deals Week. As Experian’s Richard Jenkings told the BBC, “The Black Friday promotions at the end of November are the start of a longer, more drawn-out peak season, which begins with most of the activity online and then moves in-store as we get closer and closer to Christmas day.” The best Black Friday deals from last year: Every year, we load up with pizza and energy drinks to scour the entire internet for Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals. These were some of our favourite deals from Black Friday 2016. £125 off the iPhone 7 Apple’s iPhone 7 may have been new but that didn’t mean you couldn’t get a Black Friday deal. With the code BLACKNOV125 you could get £125 off the up-front cost of an iPhone 7 - and no, the contract wasn’t more expensive to compensate. £130 off the PS4 The PlayStation 4 is a brilliant console, and last Black Friday it was a brilliant bargain too: there was £130 off the 1TB model and bundles costing as little as £189. Very chopped 34% off the price of some of its PS4 bundles and Amazon cut 20%. £40 off the iPad Air There were lots of iPad bargains on Black Friday 2016 including £40 off the iPad Air, £30 off iPad Pros and up to £50 off iPad Minis. Apple wasn’t offering those discounts, but it did bundle gift cards with various products. £900 off an LG OLED TV How’s this for a discount: Black Friday meant a massive £900 off the LG OLED55B6V TV, bringing its price down to a much less frightening £1,899. There was also £550 off Sony 4K TVs and up to £300 off Panasonic TVs. Huge savings on Xbox One bundles The 4K Xbox One S was just £199 with Minecraft and Forza Horizon thrown in, and prices were slashed all over the place for every conceivable combination of console, controllers and games. There were good deals to be had on accessories too. Why to expect from Black Friday 2017: The last few Black Friday deals periods saw many retailers taking baby steps, but in 2017 they’re all grown up. That means they’ve been poring over their spreadsheet models since the last Black Friday, and they know exactly what they’ll be doing this year. And the first thing they’ll be doing is trying to beat Black Friday by starting their deals early. What started as Black Friday weekend became Black Friday week, and this year we expect some big-name retailers to start discounting long before that. That makes sense for many reasons: it spreads the load on their websites and shops, and more importantly it means the news of their deals won’t be buried amid the avalanche of Black Friday announcements. So keep your eyes peeled - and keep visiting our deals page - from early November, and maybe even earlier than that. Something we saw a lot of in 2016 and expect to see even more of in 2017 is a sliding scale of discounting: we noticed deals got bigger and better as the month progressed. That’s likely to recur in 2017, with reasonable deals at the beginning of the Black Friday period and more exciting but limited quantity deals on Black Friday itself. The emphasis will be on the more expensive products where retailers can cut prices but still make a decent profit. Predicting the best Black Friday deals of 2017: iPhone 8 We know that Apple’s 2017 iPhone 8 is likely to be dramatically different from the current model, we can reasonably expect it to go on sale in September or October at the latest, and we know that iPhone 8 Black Friday deals will be very popular - so this one’s a slam-dunk. Expect similar discounts to 2016 chopping £100-plus off the up-front price, and Apple to offer gift cards across the range. We’d expect some decent deals on iPads too as Apple refreshes the line-up this year. Samsung Galaxy S8 Black Friday 2016 saw really good deals on the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, with the Black Friday voucher code BLACKFRI2 wiping out the upfront cost altogether on a £29.99 per month contract. That was a fantastic deal, and we’re expecting to see similarly great Galaxy deals on the Samsung Galaxy S8 in 2017. PS4 Pro Black Friday 2016 was all about the PS4 Slim, and Black Friday 2017 will be all about the PS4 Pro. As with 2016 we’d expect the very best deals to be on bundles, with some of them costing only a little more than the PS4 Pro itself, so start working on your game wish list: a bundle’s only a good deal if it includes the games you actually want to play. Up to now, the PS4 Pro is holding its RRP but you can expect that to change later this year, particularly when Microsoft has launched Scorpio... Xbox One + Project Scorpio Microsoft’s got a pro console too, and unless something goes wrong with the release schedule it should be on sale long before Black Friday 2017. As with the Xbox One in 2016 we’d expect to see the very best deals on bundles, rather than on the console itself: there’s more wiggle room for the retailer there, so they can afford to be more daring with the discounts. 4K HDR OLED TVs Black Friday 2016 was positively packed with TV deals, including nearly half-price deals on selected OLED TVs. High-end sets are where the really expensive RRPs are, and the ever-advancing world of telly tech means those prices can only be sustained for a fairly short time. If you’re in the market for the kind of TV whose price tag wouldn’t look out of place on a car, Black Friday 2017 could be a very good day for you indeed. Black Friday 2017 FAQ: what it is, when it happens and where to get the best deals What is Black Friday? Black Friday is the Friday immediately after Thanksgiving. It’s a day when retailers offer big discounts to kick-start the holiday shopping season. When is Black Friday 2017? Black Friday 2017 will be Friday, 24 November.What is Cyber Monday?Cyber Monday is the Monday immediately after Black Friday. When is Cyber Monday 2017? Cyber Monday 2017 will be on Monday, 27 November.What is Black Friday deals week?It’s the week that includes Black Friday. Retailers are increasingly offering deals before and after Black Friday itself so they stand out from the crowd. Are Black Friday deals real? Yes, although in some cases the discounts have been negotiated well in advance with suppliers. As with any sales you’ll see a mix of genuine bargains, discounted end-of-line stock and mysterious things found in the back of a warehouse somewhere. In 2016, consumer magazine Which? accused retailers of some pretty dodgy behaviour. Where can I find the best Black Friday deals? Right here on TechRadar of course! We scour all the top retailers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals so that you don’t have to - and we tell you whether the deals are worth getting excited about too. Whether it’s a 4K HDR OLED TV or an Xbox One controller, if it’s discounted we’ll have the details here. How do I get the best Black Friday 2017 deals? Know what you want, know what you can afford to spend and know the market: you’ll often spot retailers charging higher than usual prices in October so they can offer amazing discounts on Black Friday. Pay particular attention to real prices, not RRPs: TVs are particularly bad for this, with sets whose RRP is eleventy billion pounds routinely selling for five hundred quid. Sites such as CamelCamelCamel and PriceSpy enable you to tell if you’re looking at a legitimate bargain or some timed tomfoolery. It’s also a very good idea to be flexible: for example, if you fancy a Sony 4K TV then think about the features you want rather than a specific model number: the BRV123ABD54-88C-9218-B may not be discounted on Black Friday, but an almost identical set with the specification you want probably will be. Can I get cashback on Black Friday deals? Sometimes, yes. Your debit card or credit card may offer cashback on purchases, and sites such as Quidco often offer cashback for new customers of big-name online shops. It’s definitely worth looking into, not just for Black Friday but for any online shopping. Am I protected when I buy on Black Friday? Yes. In the UK, anything you buy from a company online is covered by a wealth of consumer protection legislation including the Consumer Contracts regulations, which give you the same rights as with any other online purchasing. How can I stay safe on Black Friday? Black Friday brings out the scammers as well as the sellers, so be wary of unsolicited emails or links to deals on social media no matter how legitimate they look: anything asking for card details or login details is a scam. Phishing sites do big business on Black Friday, so be extra suspicious - and if you’re on a PC, make sure your security software is up to date. Many suites automatically block known scam sites. The best Black Friday deals from last year: iPhone 7 32GB |   £200 £125 upfront |Unlimited calls and texts | 5GB data | £30.99 per month - save £75! This is the best Black Friday iPhone 7 deal - it stands head and shoulders above the other options. Use the voucher code BLACKNOV125 to wipe £75 off the upfront cost of the phone and get it for £125 upfront. Then pay just £30.99 per month on EE for 5GB data and unlimited calls and texts. This is the Black Friday iPhone 7 deal we've been waiting for - and it's finally cheaper than buying the phone on its own for £599 with an equivalent SIM only deal. Total cost over 24 months is £868.76 View this deal: Black | Silver | Gold | Rose Gold Voucher code: BLACKNOV125 ID Mobile SIM only 4G | 5GB data | 500 minutes | 5000 texts | One month | £10 per month Yes you read that right, and this deal is available exclusively to TechRadar readers. This deal gives you 5GB data, 500 minutes and 5000 texts for just £10 per month and it only locks you in for 30 days at a time. Most competing deals are more expensive and will lock you into a longer contract so there really is nothing to dislike about this deal. The next best £10 SIM only deal is also at ID mobile, but offers you less data - 4GB instead of 5GB. ID is Carphone Warehouse's own network and piggybacks on Three's 4G network. Fill your boots! View this deal: at ID Mobile Top Black Friday deals GAME BLACK FRIDAY DEALS: Game.co.uk's Black Friday sale is running all weekend and there are still loads of amazing deals on PS4 and Xbox One as well as accessories, games and much more. Check out all of the GAME deals right here Xbox One S: Get the new 4K version of the Xbox One with Minecraft and Forza Horizon 3 for just £199.99! MacBook Pro 13-inch: get one for just £899 at Currys Star Wars: the Star Wars: The Force Awakes interactive Kylo Ren is down to £24.99 from £119.99 at Argos. Star Wars: Get the Star Wars: The Force Awakens Interactive Darth Vader for just £24.99 at Argos - reduced from £119.99! Sony PS4 Slim: Get the Sony PS4 Slim with Uncharted 4 and FIFA 17 for just £194.99 at Zavvi Sonos PLAY:1 Save 18% and get the SONO PLAY:! smart speaker for just £139 at Amazon! LG 4K TV: Get the 43-inch LG 43UH610V Ultra HD HDR TV for just £369.95 at John Lewis Sony PS4 Slim: Pick up the PS4 Slim in 500GB trim with a copy of Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare for just £209.95 at John Lewis TV & video deals Now TV Box with 6 month Entertainment pass: Now TV boxes are frequently discounted, but the great thing about this £19 deal at Currys is the 6 month Entertainment pass that's included, which would normally retail for over £40 (based on an Entertainment pass being £6.99 a month).  LG Soundbar: This LG SH5 soundbar comes complete with a wireless subwoofer, and is 25% off at £149.95 at John Lewis.  LG OLED 4K TV: This LG OLED55B6V TV, which we gave 4.5 stars, is discounted by a massive £900. It's still £1,899, which is expensive whichever way you look at it, but it's a massive saving if you've been waiting for OLED technology to get at least somewhat affordable.  Panasonic 4K TV: The smaller 40-inch version is of the DX700B, the TX-40DX700B is also discounted by £250 to £499. In our review we noted that the HDR functionality wasn't exceptional, but the 4K detail is strong.   Panasonic 4K TV: If you're willing to put up with some slightly narrow viewing angles then the TX-58DX700B from Panasonic has great blacks and colour accuracy and is a great buy at a £300 discount down to £799 on Amazon.  Sony 4K TV: This 65-inch Sony Bravia KD65XD7504BU includes HDR functionality, and is down to £1,149.00, a massive saving of £550. It's smaller 49 and 55-inch versions are also discounted to £550 and £749 respectively.  LG 4K TV: Pick up the 43-inch LG 43UH603V TV with Freeview Play and 4K HDR screen - it's only £349 at ao.com! LG 4K TV: You can get the 49-inch LG 49UH770V 4K HDR TV with Freeview HD and Freesat HD tuners as well as Freeview Play smart TV - all for just £649 at ao.com Sony 4K Curved: Pick up the Sony KD50SD8005 50-inch TV with a £200 saving - it's down to £799 at ao.com Samsung 4K Curved: Get the 49-inch Samsung UE49KU6100 curved 4K TV with HDR for just £499 at ao.com Samsung 4K TV: If Samsung is your brand, you can get similar discounts on the Samsung KU6670 4K HDR TVs. The 49-inch model can be yours for £699 while the super-size 55-incher is down to £849 at Currys Samsung 4K TV: Get the 5-star Samsung UE55KS7000 4K HDR TV for £89 cheaper than the Amazon price. This is a stunning TV that punches well above itse weight and it's now down to £949 at Currys Cheap 4K TV: If you're after a cheap 4K TV, Argos has discounted two options from Hitachi. It has a 48-inch model going for just £349.99 and a 55-inch version on sale for £449.99. Obviously these TV's aren't going to be leaders in picture quality but you can't argue with those prices at Currys Cheap TV: Get this SEIKI 32-inch 720p TV for less than £100. Not an incredible home cinema TV by anymeans but it'll do a job as a second screen and it's now down to £119.99 at Argos LG 4K TV: Get Black Friday discounts on the LG UH850V series of 4K and HDR TVs. The 49-inch model is now down to £699 while the bigger 55-inch version is going for £899 at Currys Panasonic TV: Get the Panasonic 50DX802B at John Lewis  Gaming deals Black Friday PS4 deals 500GB PS4 Slim: Get a PS4 and add Uncharted 4 and FIFA 17 to your basket for FREE! You can then add Mafia 3, Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2 or Dishonored 2 for just £20 extra each if you want! Get Tesco's crazy PS4 deal here from £199.99. 500GB PS4 Slim: Get a PS4 with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare for just £199.99! You can then add Mafia 3, Battlefield 1, Titanfall 2 or Dishonored 2 for just £20 extra each if you want! Tesco's Call of Duty PS4 bundle from £199.99. 500GB PS4 Slim: with Uncharted 4 and FIFA 17 just £197.86 @ ShopTo 1TB PS4 Slim: with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and Modern Warfare Remastered now £249.85 at ShopTo 500GB PS4 Slim: with Watch Dogs 1 and 2 only £197.86 @ ShopTo 500GB PS4 Slim: with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare and FIFA 17 £209.99 @ Zavvi 500GB PS4 Slim: with Uncharted 4 and FIFA 17 only £194.99 @ Zavvi 500GB PS4 Slim: with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare only £189 at ShopTo eBay 500GB PS4 Slim: with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, FIFA 17 and Now TV down to £219.99 @ Game 500GB PS4 Slim: with Overwatch, Ratchet & Clank and Now TV only £199.99 @ Game 500GB PS4 Slim: with Uncharted 4, FIFA 17 and Now TV sub for £199.99 @ Game. 500GB PS4 Slim: Get Uncharted 4 and FIFA 17 in this superb Zavvi deal for just £194.99. 500GB PS4 Slim: Get the brand new Call of Duty game with a PS4 Slim for about £50 less than normal price of the new PS4 Slim. PS4 with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare £199.99 @ Tesco  1TB PS4 Slim: This was £300 a few months ago, but you can save £50 today! 1TB PS4 with Lego Star Wars bundle and Force Awakens blu-ray £249.99 @ Tesco  1TB PS4 Slim: An ace three game bundle with Driveclub, Uncharted 4 and The Last of Us: Remastered for the same price the PS4 was on its own was a few weeks ago. 1TB PS4 Slim, Driveclub, Uncharted 4, The Last of Us £249.99 @ Tesco Alternative deal: Swap out The Last of Us for Ratchet & Clank for a tenner less at ShopTo's eBay site.  1TB PS4 Slim: Need a larger PS4 and a lot of Call of Duty? This is a great deal with the Legacy Edition of Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare as it includes Modern Warfare Remastered too. 1TB PS4 Slim with Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Legacy Edition £249.85 @ ShopTo  The best PS4 Pro deals for Black Friday 2016 1TB PS4 Pro: John Lewis has the best deal so far for a standalone PS4 Pro. This is the one for you 4K HDR fans. 1TB PS4 Pro £332.49 @ John Lewis 1TB PS4 Pro: Infamous: Second Son is getting a 4K patch soon, Fallout 4 will last you a small eternity and there's a Now TV pass too. PS4 Pro, Infamous: Second Son, Fallout 4, Now TV £349.99 @ Game  1TB PS4 Pro: Dishonored 2 has just launched and The Division and Fallout 4 will last well into the new year. Don't forget the Now TV pass too! PS4 Pro, Dishonored 2, The Division, Fallout 4 and Now TV £399.99 @ Game  Black Friday Xbox One deals Xbox One S: with Minecraft Favourites and Forza Horizon 3 was £261.48, now just £199.99 Xbox One S: with Minecraft Favourites and extra official controller down from £229.99 to £204.99. Xbox One S: with Minecraft Favourites, extra official controller and Forza Horizon 3 was £254.99, now only £229.99  Xbox One S: with FIFA 17 (then add Forza Horizon 3 manually for free).  Add other Mafia 3, Titanfall 2, Call of Duity: Infinite Warfare, Battlefield 1, Dishonored 2 or controller just £20 extra each. Get this from just £229 @ Tesco 1TB Xbox One S: with FIFA 17 (then add Forza Horizon 3 manually for free).  Add other Mafia 3, Titanfall 2, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Battlefield 1, Dishonored 2 or controller just £20 extra each. Get this from just £279 @ Tesco 500GB Xbox One S: with Minecraft Favourites (then add Forza Horizon 3 manually for free).  Add other Mafia 3, Titanfall 2, Call of Duity: Infinite Warfare, Battlefield 1, Dishonored 2 or controller just £20 extra each. Get this from just £199 @ Tesco 1TB Xbox One S: with Gears of War 4 (then add Forza Horizon 3 manually for free).  Add other Mafia 3, Titanfall 2, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Battlefield 1, Dishonored 2 or controller just £20 extra each. Get this from just £279 @ Tesco  500GB Xbox One S:  with FIFA 17 and Forza Horizon 3 (add Forza manually to basket) down to £229 @ Tesco 500GB Xbox One S: with Minecraft Favorites, Forza Horizon 3 and Now TVOW TV 2 Month Sky Cinema Pass only £199.99 @ Game 500GB Xbox One S: Don't fancy spending a little bit extra for the Forza-inclusive deal? Then this FIFA 17 Xbox One S bundle is a bit cheaper with this £237.49 @ Amazon deal. 1TB Xbox One S:  You can get a 1TB console with FIFA for not much more than the regular 500GB model. It's worth it. Trust us. Grab your 1TB Xbox One S with FIFA 17 for @ £234.99 @ Amazon. Xbox Live Gold: Need to top up your Xbox Live Gold membership? Don't pay the default automatic renewal price, head on over to CD Keys, where you can usually get a great 12 month Xbox Live Gold deal for cheaper than anywhere else. Xbox One controller deals Dawn Shadow (Magenta) Xbox One controller - £54.99 @ Microsoft Dusk Shadow (Blue) Xbox One controller - £47.49 @ Tesco Copper Shadow Orange Xbox One controller - £49.99 @ Argos Gears of War 4 JD Fenix limited edition Xbox One controller - £44.99 @ Game Gears of War 4 Crimson Omen limited edition Xbox One controller - £54.99 @ 365games Xbox One controller (White) - £34.99 @ Amazon Elite Xbox One controller - £99.99 @ Amazon - Save £10 Want to check out the prices on the competition? See the best available PS4 deals Laptop & Macbook deals Dell: save 12% on all Dell laptops and computers with the code SAVE12 until the November 28 and this includes TechRadar's favourite laptop - the Dell XPS 13 Apple MacBook Pro: The brand new MacBook Pro has had its price cut in time for Black Friday. An Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and a 256GB hard drive makes this a brilliant laptop at a fantastic price - now only £1,349 from John Lewis Microsoft Surface Book: Get Microsoft's amazing laptop with the Arc Touch Mouse, Surface Pen stylus and a classy carry case this Black Friday and save yourself a nice £400 - now £1,399 from John Lewis ASUS Zenbook Flip: Get this elegant 13.3-inch laptop that converts into a tablet-like device for an amazing £200 off of its usual asking price. An Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB SSD and Windows 10 power this device - now just £599.99 from Amazon Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Pick up Microsoft's awesome computing marvel from just £549.99 at Amazon Acer Chromebook: get the 11.6-inch Acer Chromebook for £10 cheaper than the in-store price, now down to £139.99 for Black Friday at Currys Acer Chromebook R: Get the touchscreen Acer Chromebook R for a low-cost laptop/tablet hybrid experience, now £179.99 at Currys Lenovo IdeaPad 510S: Get this fast laptop with a saving of £70.99 - it comes with an Intel Core i5 CPU, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 and 6 hours battery life and it's down to £549 at Currys Lenovo IdeaPad 510: Get the slightly cheaper version of the above laptop, with Intel Core i3 CPU and a 1TB HDD - now £299 for Black Friday at Currys  See more cheap Laptop deals Smartphone deals ID Mobile SIM only 4G | 5GB data | 500 minutes | 5000 texts | One month | £10 per month Yes you read that right, and this deal is available exclusively to TechRadar readers. This deal gives you 5GB data, 500 minutes and 5000 texts for just £10 per month and it only locks you in for 30 days at a time. Most competing deals are more expensive and will lock you into a longer contract so there really is nothing to dislike about this deal. The next best £10 SIM only deal is also at ID mobile, but offers you less data - 4GB instead of 5GB. ID is Carphone Warehouse's own network and piggybacks on Three's 4G network. Fill your boots! View this deal: at ID Mobile iPhone 7 32GB |   £200 £125 upfront |Unlimited calls and texts | 5GB data | £30.99 per month - save £75! This is the best Black Friday iPhone 7 deal - it stands head and shoulders above the other options. Use the voucher code BLACKNOV125 to wipe £75 off the upfront cost of the phone and get it for £125 upfront. Then pay just £30.99 per month on EE for 5GB data and unlimited calls and texts. This is the Black Friday iPhone 7 deal we've been waiting for - and it's finally cheaper than buying the phone on its own for £599 with an equivalent SIM only deal. Total cost over 24 months is £868.76 View this deal: Black | Silver | Gold | Rose Gold Voucher code: BLACKNOV125 iPhone 7 Plus 128GB |   £359.99 £150 upfront |1000 mins | Unlimited texts | 2GB data | £33.99 per month - save £209.99! Mobiles.co.uk and EE have teamed up to offer this massive discount on the iPhone 7 Plus. It comes on the superior 128GB version which means you get loads of storage space for pictures, music and movies. Use the voucher code BLACKNOV210 to wipe £209.99 off the upfront cost and get the phone for £150 upfront. Then it's just £33.49 per month for 2GB data on EE! View this deal: Black | Jet Black |Silver | Gold | Rose Gold Voucher code: BLACKNOV210 Samsung Galaxy S7 | 4G | £29.99 FREE upfront | 8GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £31 per month Get Samsung's flagship phone at an incredible price! Use the voucher code BLACKFRI2 to wipe out the upfront cost and get the handset for FREE. We're far more used to seeing deals like this cost over £30 a month or feature a heavy upfront cost for just a couple of gigabytes. When compared to other deals on all networks, this one works out the cheapest. Take a look at the comparison chart below to shop around for similar deals. Total cost over 24 months is £744. View this deal: Black | White | Gold Voucher code: BLACKFRI2 Huawei P9 | £24.99 FREE upfront | 8GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £26 per month Here's a market leading deal on Huawei's flagship Android phone! Use the voucher code BLACKFRI3 to wipe away the upfront cost and get it for free instead. Then it's just £26 per month for unlimited calls and texts and a whopping 8GB data. This is the best Huawei P9 deal out there at the moment. Total cost over 24 months is £624. View this deal: Black Voucher code: BLACKFRI3 iPhone SE | £29.99 FREE upfront | 8GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £26 per month This is the same Three tariff as above, but instead of the Huawei P9 you're getting the Apple iPhone SE instead! Use the voucher code BLACKFRI4 to get the iPhone SE for free, and then pay just £26 per month for 8GB data and unlimited everything else. Total cost over 24 months is £624 View this deal: Space Grey | Silver | Gold | Rose Gold Voucher code: BLACKFRI4 Sony Xperia E5  | £38.99 FREE upfront | 250 mins | 5000 texts | 500MB data | £7.50 per month This is a cracking deal if you're after a decent Android phone at a rock-bottom price. The voucher code BLACKFRI5 will remove the upfront fee to leave you with a free phone, and after that you pay just £7.50 per month for 250 minutes, 5000 texts and 500MB data. That's not a big allowance but if you just need a basic handset with a basic allowance, this is a super cheap deal that should appeal. The phone on its own costs £140 at Amazon so you're paying just £50 over two years for calls, texts and data. Total cost over 24 months is £180 View this deal: Black Voucher code: BLACKFRI5 Samsung Galaxy S7 Black Friday deals: Samsung Galaxy S7 | £29.99 FREE upfront | 8GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £31 per month Use the voucher code BLACKFRI2 to wipe out the upfront cost and get the handset for FREE. We're far more used to seeing deals like this cost over £30 a month or feature a heavy upfront cost. When compared to other deals on all networks, this one works out the cheapest. Take a look at the comparison chart below to shop around for similar deals. Total cost over 24 months is £744. Voucher code: BLACKFRI2 View this deal: Black | White | Gold Samsung Galaxy S7 | £35 FREE upfront | 3GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £28.50 per month Use the voucher code S735OFF to wipe out the upfront cost and get the handset for FREE. We're far more used to seeing deals like this cost over £30 a month or feature a heavy upfront cost. When compared to other deals on all networks, this one works out the cheapest. Take a look at the comparison chart below to shop around for similar deals. Total cost over 24 months is £684. Voucher code: S735OFF View this deal: Black | Silver | White | Pink Gold | Gold Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Black Friday deal: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge | £75 upfront | 5GB data | Unlimited calls and texts | £30.99 per month @ Mobiles.co.uk Simply put, the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is one of the best phones ever made. Thanks to that curved edge screen, which frankly ruins other phones, it's a phone you'll never tire of. The internal spec shows it's got more than just looks too as it's still a fantastically sharp performer. As for this contract, you're looking at a fantastic deal as we're used to seeing 5GB deals go for well over £1000. This is the cheapest deal on any network so you can enjoy EE's superfast 4G network at no additional charge. Total cost over 24 months is £818.76. View this deal: Black | Pink Gold | Gold iPad & tablet deals iPad deals: Apple iPad mini 2: If you don't mind a smaller - and older - iPad, then you can get some fantastic prices. This 32GB iPad mini 2 tablet isn't the newest iPad, but it's still a great device - now just £219 from Currys with voucher code IPAD20 at checkout Apple iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi 32GB: This is a great deal if you don't mind a slightly older model of the iPad Mini. This deal knocks off £39 for the 32GB version - now just £219.99 from Argos Apple iPad mini 4: If you're after Apple's smaller 7.9-inch tablet, then John Lewis has got a great Black Friday deal for the iPad mini 4 - now just £359 from John Lewis Apple iPad 4 Refurbished: One of the best ways to save even more money on Black Friday is by buying refurbished gadgets. These are pre-owned devices that have been repaired and refreshed by Apple, making sure they meet its stringent quality checks - now £239 from Tesco Direct  Apple iPad Air 2: The Apple iPad Air 2 with Apple A8X CPU, 9.7-inch screen, Wi-Fi & Cellular, 128GB storage in gold has had its price dropped for Black Friday - get the iPad Air 2 for between £539 - £589 from John Lewis Apple iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi 128GB: This deal is selling out fast so make sure you move quickly! With £40 knocked off the price, this 128GB iPad Air 2 is a must buy - now just £469 from Argos Apple iPad Pro: Apple's king-size iPad has had its price slashed by £30 for the 128GB version. Be quick to jump on this deal - now £589 from John Lewis Apple iPad Pro: Get £30 off the 32GB Gold version of the iPad Pro - now just £549 from Currys Android tablet deals Samsung Galaxy Tab A: The price of this 7-inch tablet from Samsung has now fallen below £100, so now's the perfect time to pick it up - now just £99.99 from Argos Samsung Galaxy Tab A: Get this 10.1-inch Android tablet with a larger 16GB of storage with £50 off - get it for £159 from John Lewis Samsung Galaxy Tab S2: Save £30 this Black Friday on Samsung's 9.7-inch tablet in Gold with 32GB internal storage - now £369.99 from Currys Amazon Fire Tablet 7-inch: Unsurprisingly, Amazon have been very generous this Black Friday with its own range of Fire Tablets. This Wi-Fi version with 8GB of storage is now £20 cheaper - get it for just £29.99 from Amazon Amazon Fire Tablet 7-inch: Amazon isn't the only retailer that's slashing the prices of its Amazon Fire tablets - Argos has got in on the act as well, cutting £20 off the asking price - now just £29.99 Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro Tablet: This unique tablet comes with a 10.1-inch screen, Wi-Fi, 2GB of RAM, 32GB storage and a built in projector! Great for watching videos and presentations - now £349.95 from John Lewis Acer Iconia One 7-inch: If you're after a decent tablet, then this is a great deal. It comes with a 6 hour battery life, 16GB storage and runs Android 6 Marshmallow - buy now for just £79 from AO.com Acer Iconia One 8-inch: Fancy a tablet with a larger screen? For just £10 extra you can get an 8-inch HD screen - now just £89 from AO.com Huawei MediaPad T1: This budget 10-inch tablet comes with a microSD slot, 16GB storage and it's now £50 cheaper for Black Friday - get it for £99.99 from Currys while stocks last Windows tablet deals Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Amazon has knocked off a huge £250 off of this brilliant tablet. It comes with an Intel Core M processor, 128GB storage and 4GB RAM - now just £549.99 from Amazon Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Microsoft's gorgeous Surface Pro tablet gets some lovely deals this Black Friday, so if you're looking for the best Windows tablet on the market today, this is the deal for you - now £599 from John Lewis Windows Connect 9-inch Tablet: Non-Surface Windows tablets may not be the top of your 'must have' list, but they can be powerful and versatile devices. This 9-inch tablet is a good example - it's got £70 off and comes with a quad-core processor and the Windows 10 operating system - now just £59 from Tesco Direct Toys & LEGO deals Nerf: Get the Nerf Modulus Tri Strike blaster with a 33% saving - now £39.99 at Argos Nerf: Pick up the Doomlands Vagabond Blaster which is now 66% the original price - it's down to £14.24 at Amazon.co.uk Nerf: Buy the Nerf Rival Zeus MXV-1200 blaster gun for half price - it's down to £29.99 at Argos Thomas and Friends: get the Diesel v Steamies value pack playset with two free engines for just £20.89 at Argos Minions: Get the Tumbling Stuart toy for half the price of anywhere else - now £9.99 at Argos Minions: Get the Despicable Me Minions Build-A-Minion set for £14.99 at Argos LEGO: get the Nexo Macy's Thunder Macee LEGO set from the NEXO Knights series for £11.99 at Argos Star Wars BB-8: Get a remote control Star Wars BB-8 droid with a saving of £17 - it's now £42.99 at Argos Playmobil: get this 123 Police and Ambulance play set for less than half price - now £13.99 at Argos Peppa Pig: get the Peppa Pig Lighthouse Mega Set for £13.99 until stock runs out at Argos Disney's Frozen: get this light-up Elsa doll for £27.99 at Argos Disney's Frozen: Get the Giant Olaf 24-inch plush toy for just £9.99 at Argos Zoomer Chimp: Go bananas with this "lifelike" smart chimp who knows over 100 tricks and makes over 200 sounds and voice commands - down to £79.99 at Argos Play-Doh: get the super colour kit with 16 tools and accessories for £7.99 at Argos Scalextric: get the Rally Racers set with two cars and an awesome track for £11 off - now £28.99 at Argos Trampoline: Get the Chad Valley 6ft trampoline - ideal for little ones - for just £69.99 at Argos Trampoline: Get this high-end trampoline, great for kids big and small - in fact great for the whole family! Save 10% and get it for £377.99 at Argos Trampoline: Get a cheaper alternative to the above with this Jumpking 7x10ft oval combo trampoline - save 50% and get it for £124.50 at Tesco Direct Trampoline: Get the very trampoline as seen in the John Lewis Christmas advert! Not cheap but it is awesome - it's £229.99 at John Lewis (of course) Bouncy Castle: make a saving on this garden bouncy castle - it's down to £65 Bouncy Castle: get this 6ft bouncy castle, ideal if you don't have the space for a trampoline - this one is down to just £69.99 at Toys R Us EverEarth: Pick up this rather fancy kitchen for the little'uns - it's the EverEarth children's wooden brick oven set and it's down to £69.99 at Amazon.co.uk Peppa Pig: Get this play kitchen, based on Peppa's own home kitchen! It even comes with some cool accessories and a 50% saving - it's down to £49.99 at Argos Little Tykes: Grab the Little Tykes Gourmet Prep 'n' Serve kitchen - it's 50% off and going for £74.99 at Toys R Us Bike: Get the Huffy 18-inch bike for boys 5-years and up - it's half price and going for £69.99 at Argos Bike: Get the Avigo 20-inch girls BMX spin biike with a 65% saving - it's £69.99 at Toys R Us Bike: Get the Ultimate Spider-Man bike - need we say more?! - with a 50% saving, it's down to £49.99 at Amazon.co.uk Bike: Get the Finding Dorey bike - ideal for fans of Disney. It's a 10-inch toddler bike and ideal as a cute first bike - save 25% and get it for £37.50 at Tesco Direct Scooter: It's a Star Wars Stormtrooper electric scooter. That means you're obligated to buy it immediately - save 51% and get it for £97.49 at Argos Kitchen & Home deals Dysons Dyson's small ball multi floor vacuum is available from John Lewis for £249.99 Dyson DC40 Animal bagless vacuum cleaner is now just £199.99 at Argos. Dyson V6 Flexi Cordless vacuum cleaner can be had for £189.99 at Argos. Dyson V6 Fluffy Cordless Handstick Vacuum Cleaner is ready to be vacuumed up for £229.99 at Argos. Dyson AM09 Hot and Cool Fan Heater is super-stylish and is down to £249 in black/nickel or white/silver - that's £150 off at Argos. Dyson V6 Absolute cordless vacuum has a saving of £170 and get it for £279 at Currys. Vacuums Bosch Athlet Upright Cordless 0.9L Black Vacuum Cleaner: 56% off, was £239.99, now £105.99 at Amazon. Bosch Athlet Upright Cordless 0.9L White Vacuum Cleaner: 59% off, was £289.99, now £124.99 at Amazon. Vax handheld vacuum cleaner: Tired of lugging the hoover up the stairs or untangling the cable for just a quick clean up? Then grab this super cheap vacuum cleaner for just £24.50. Appliances De'Longhi P80T5A Standard microwave: is super-smart in stainless steel is half price at £54.99 from Argos.//Kitchen and home appliances Breville 3-in-1 hand blender: was £50, now £25 at Debenhams. Nutribullet: a favourite from last year's Black Friday sale, get the Nutribullet Deluxe 600 Series blender for £69.99 from Argos. Fridges Kenwood fridge freezers: Save 10% at Currys until Monday. Hisense RQ560N4WC1: In the market for a new fridge? This American Fridge Freezer is down to £529.99 - that's a saving of £270 on the regular price at Argos. Washing machines Samsung Ecobubble washer: Save £200.99 on Samsung's washing machines and get the 8KG machine for £349 at Currys. Samsung WF80F5E0W2W: Clean your clothes the smart way with this 8KG 1200 Spin Washing Machine - now down to £329.99 at Argos. Personal Care Appliances Philips AquaTouch Wet and Dry Men's Electric Shaver: was £160, now £48.99 at Amazon. Scholl Velvet Smooth Diamond Pedi Electric Hard Skin Remover: was £39.99, now £14.99 at Amazon. Oral-B Pro 3000 CrossAction Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush: was £90, now £40.49 at Amazon. Silk Epil 9-961e Skin Spa Women's Wet and Dry Cordless Epilator: was 99.57, now £89.99 at Amazon. Scholl Velvet Smooth Wet & Dry Pedi Rechargeable Electric Hard Skin Remover: was £59.99, now £27.59 at Amazon. Oral-B Pro 650: black electric toothbrush and 'Pro-Expert' toothpaste 75ml - was £50, now 50% off for a £25 bargain at Debenhams. Other home tech Sealy Duvet and Mattress Topper: Up to 50% off the range at Amazon. Coffee machine deals Krups: The Dolce Gusto Melody 3 manual coffee machine is on sale at Amazon.co.uk for £39.99. It's temporarily out of stock, but order now and it'll be delivered when more arrive in Amazon's warehouse. Bosch: Get cafe-quality tea, coffee, hot chocolate and other drinks whenever you like with the Bosch TAS4502GB Tassimo Joy 2 Hot Drinks and Coffee Machine - reduced to £59.99 at Amazon. That's a saving of £80! Bosch: Enjoy smooth Costa coffee at home with the Bosch Tassimo Amia TAS2002gb Hot Drinks Machine for £29 at Currys. Bosch: Fancy your morning coffee with an extra shot of colour? The Bosch Tassimo Vivy II TAS1255GB Hot Drinks Machine is available in blue, pink and lime green for £34.99 at Currys, including a two-year guarantee. Ninja: Not just a coffee machine - a whole coffee bar for your kitchen. Get the smart, sleek Ninja CF060UK Coffee Machine for £99.99 at Argos. Krups: The Dolce Gusto by Krups Melody 3 Hot Drinks Machine makes perfect coffee, tea and hot chocolate, and is now on sale for £39.99 at Currys. Lavazza: Make yours a latte with £50 off the Lavazza A Modo Mio Fantasia LM7000 Cappuccino Latte Coffee Machine - now reduced to £109.95 at John Lewis. The saving applies to the cream and black models. Morphy Richards: Fancy an espresso? The Morphy Richards 172004 Accents Espresso Coffee Maker is £64.99 at Amazon.co.uk. That's less than half price! De'Longhi: The De'Longhi EC271 Espresso Pump Coffee Machine is down to £44.99 at Currys - a saving of £85! De'Longhi: If you're serious about your coffee, the De'Longhi Magnifica S ECAM 22.360.S Bean to Cup coffee machine is the one for you. This multi-function coffee maker with built-in grinder and milk-frother is £349 at Currys - a saving of £380.99. Milk frother: For the perfect cappuccino, get the Lavazza milk frother in black for £29.95 - that's half price! Camera & accessories deals Jessops Black Friday camera sale Park Cameras Black Friday deals WEX Photographic Black Friday deals John Lewis cameras Price Match Compact camera deals Fuji X70: Brilliant APS-C compact camera, now with £100 off at £449 from Camera World Sony HX90V: This great superzoom travel compact now has £100, now only £269 at Wex Photographic Sony RX10 II: Stunning bridge camera with a 1-inch sensor and high-quality zoom lens. Save £300, now only £999 at Camera World Sony RX100 IV: Save £80 on this premium compact camera, now only £749 at John Lewis DSLR deals Canon EOS 1300D: Twin lens kit with 18-55mm and brilliant 'nifty fifty' 50mm f/1.8 STM lens for only £299 from Jessops Canon EOS 6D: Get yourself this full-frame DSLR for the same price as some APS-C DSLRs, saving £200 at Wex Photographic Canon EOS 5D Mark III: Pick up this brilliant full-frame DSLR with an instant £150 off now only £2,349 from Clifton Cameras using code BF5D3. Canon EOS 5D Mark IV: One of the best DSLRs out there right now has £400 off, now £3,199 at Camera World Nikon D3400: Nikon's latest entry-level DSLR now has £110 off and comes bundled with an 18-55mm VR lens and accessory kit, now only £377 from Camera World Nikon D500: Nikon's long awaited D300s follow-up was worth the wait and now only £1,649 at Camera World Pentax K-50: Entry-level DSLR with 18-55mm lens and the choice of either a 35mm or 50mm prime lens for only £349 from Clifton Cameras Mirrorless deals Fuji X-Pro2: Bundled with the excellent 35mm f/1.4, it can be snapped up with a £100 discount and a further £280 cashback, meaning you only end up paying £1,478 at Clifton Cameras Leica T: Save £281 on this premium mirrorless camera, now only £999 at Clifton Cameras Olympus OM-D E-M10 II: A brilliant mirrorless camera with a £229 (£75 cashback) saving is down to £420 at Camera World Olympus Pen-F: This wonderful retro-inspired camera and 17mm lens bundle now has £220 with code BF-PENF-220, now only £979 at Park Cameras   Panasonic GF7: £50 off this neat entry-level mirrorless camera with a 12-35mm lens - now only £249 at Jessops Lens deals Canon L-series lenses: Get 5% off when you buy a Canon L-series lens from Wex Photographic Nikon 50mm f/1.8: £30 off this must-have lens for Nikon owners, now only £169 from Jessops Pentax 16-50mm f/2.8: Save £450 on this high end standard zoom for Pentax DSLRs, now only £599 from Park Cameras Pentax 50-135mm f/2.8: Save £400 on this pro-spec telephoto zoom lens for Pentax DSLRs, now only £699 from Park Cameras Sigma 105mm f/2.8 Macro: Save £350 on this Canon-fit prime macro lens, down to £299 at Park Cameras Sigma 105mm f/2.8 Macro: Save £350 on this Nikon-fit prime macro lens, down to £299 at Park Cameras Sigma 10-20mm f/3.5: A massive £350 off one of our favourite wide-angle zoom lenses. Canon-fit version now only £299 at Park Cameras Sigma 10-20mm f/3.5: A massive £350 off one of our favourite wide-angle zoom lenses. Nikon-fit version now only £299 at Park Cameras Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Sport: £400 off this monster telephoto zoom lens. Canon-fit version now only £1,099 at Park Cameras Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Sport: £400 off this monster telephoto zoom lens. Nikon-fit version now only £1,099 at Park Cameras Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Contemporary: £510.99 saving to be made on this great telephoto zoom lens. Canon-fit version now down to just £689.99 at Park Cameras Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Contemporary: £510.99 saving to be made on this great telephoto zoom lens. Nikon-fit version now down to just £689 at Park Cameras Camera accessories deals DJI Phantom 4 drone: 4K camera drone has £190 off, now only £1,099 at Clifton Cameras Domke F-803 shoulder bag: Lovely rugged camera bag with £50 off, now only £99 from Park Cameras Manfrotto accessories: 20% off all Manfrotto tripods and bags at Wex Photographic  Manfrotto 190 Go! tripod: Perfect set of legs for new photographers. £60 saving, now only £119 from Clifton Cameras Headphone & audio deals Headphones Sennheiser HD 598 Cs Closed Back Headphones Black are reduced to £89 from £199.99 at Amazon B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen Beoplay H3 ANC In-Ear Headphones - Gunmetal Grey are reduced to £109 from £199 at Amazon  B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen Beoplay H2 On-Ear Headphones - Silver are reduced to £99 from £169 at Amazon Bose SoundSport Audio Only In-Ear Headphones- Charcoal are reduced to £39.99 from £79.99 at Argos Beats Solo 2 Wireless Headphones- Active Collection - Blue are reduced to £149.95 from £235 at Argos  Sennheiser Momentum 2 Around Ear Android Headphones - Black AND Sennheiser Momentum M2 In Ear Wired Apple iOS Headphones for just £199, saving £139.99 at Argos Sennheiser Momentum 2 Around Ear Android Headphones - Black are reduced to £199 from £269 at Argos Sennheiser Momentum M2 In Ear Wired Apple iOS Headphones are just £69.99 reduced from £89.99 at Argos  Sennheiser IE 80 Ear Canal Headphones, Black are just £134.97, 50% saving at John Lewis  Speakers Amazon Echo Smart Speaker now £119.99, saving £30 at Amazon Amazon Echo Dot now £39.99, saving £10 at Amazon Sonos PLAY:1 Smart Speaker, Black now £139, saving £30 at John Lewis   UE MEGABOOM by Ultimate Ears Bluetooth NFC Portable Speaker, Black now £149.95, saving £100 at John Lewis B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen Beoplay A2 Portable Bluetooth Speaker, Blue now £239, saving £60 at John Lewis B&O PLAY by Bang & Olufsen Beolit15 Bluetooth Speaker, Ice Blue now £299, saving £100 at John Lewis  SONY GTK-XB7B Wireless Megasound Hi-Fi System - Black now £179, saving £100 at Currys  SAMSUNG R Lite Audio 360 Wireless Smart Sound Multi-Room Speaker now £84.99, saving £85 at Currys PANASONIC SC-HC397EB-K Wireless Flat Panel Hi-Fi System - Grey now £159.99, saving £40 at Currys  Wearables deals SONY SmartWatch 3 Classic SWR50 - Black now £69.99, save £30 at Currys APPLE Watch Series 1 - 38 mm now £269.00, save £20 at Currys  APPLE Watch Series 1 - 42 mm now £299.00, save £20 at Currys Apple Watch 1st Gen 42mm Stainless Steel Case & Woven Nylon Band now £329.00, save £100 at John Lewis Huawei W1 Stainless Steel Classic Smartwatch with Leather Strap now £167.99 from £239.00 (back in stock 1 December) at Amazon Withings Activity Steel, now £87.99 from £139.95 at Amazon Withings Sapphire Activity, now £175.99 from £320 at Amazon Withings Activity Pop, now £74.99 from £119.95 at Amazon Garmin Forerunner 235, now £229.99, save £20 at John Lewis Garmin Fenix 3 GPS Multisport Watch, Grey, now £289.99, save £85 at John Lewis  TomTom Golfer 2 GPS Watch, Black now £149.99, save £50 at John Lewis TomTom Touch Fitness Tracker, Black now £99.99, save £30 at John Lewis Withings Pulse Ox now £39.99, save £30 at John Lewis  Related news Who'll be first to Mars? Silicon Valley Comic Con 2017 in photos London Marathon 2017: do runners really care about tech? Download of the day: Shotcut See more Mobile phones news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 2 iPhone 7S release date, news and rumors 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 Google Pixel 2 release date, news and rumors 5 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review 1 Three UK apologies for network issues affecting calls and texts 2 Samsung VP on TVs: 'The discussion about picture quality will become obsolete' 3 The 5 best Linux laptops of 2017 4 10 forgotten gaming classics that we'd love to see rebooted 5 Here's another look at the potential design for the iPhone 8 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Labor Driverless Future? If they ever get the bugs out, autonomous cars will put a lot of human drivers out of work. By Steven Greenhouse / The American Prospect April 23, 2017 Print Comments automobile congestion in the morning rush hour Photo Credit: chuyuss/Shutterstock Five to ten years from now, Uber hopes, the following will be an everyday occurrence: A driverless Uber car pulls up at Nick and Nicole Smith’s house at 7:30 in the morning. Their two kids, Julia, 16, and Joey, 14, hop into the car, and it then drops them off at school. The Uber car returns to the Smiths’ suburban home, picks up Nick and Nicole, and drops Nicole at the train station to catch the 7:55 into the city. The car then drives 40 minutes to drop off Nick at his company’s headquarters nestled in an office park. During the drive, Nick uses his laptop to answer emails and finish a PowerPoint. At 5:00 that afternoon, a driverless Uber car picks up Julia from field hockey practice and Joey from baseball practice and takes them home. Meanwhile, Uber has sent another car to pick up Dad at the office park at 5:30, and that car makes it to the train station in time to pick up Nicole, who’s due on the 6:15. The car then stops at a Chinese restaurant so the Smiths can pick up a takeout dinner. It waits while Nick runs in to get the food, and it then drops off the Smiths at home. Welcome to the brave new world of driverless cars and trucks. In this not-too-distant future, many Americans are likely to conclude that they no longer need—or want—to own a car. No more worrying about tune-ups or getting gas or shopping for auto insurance or renewing registrations. Uber’s controversial co-founder and CEO, Travis Kalanick, is very high on driverless technology, saying, “When there’s no other dude [i.e a driver] in the car, the cost of taking an Uber anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle.” And Uber is far from the only player. Ford Motor and BMW say they’ll have driverless cars on the road within five years. General Motors invested $500 million in Lyft (obtaining a 10 percent stake) to help it develop driverless cars. Tesla, Volvo, Daimler, Toyota, Fiat Chrysler, Google, and Apple have also joined the race. And now mighty Intel, eager to get into a new, fast-growing sector, jumped into the fray in March by announcing a $15.3 billion deal to acquire Mobileye, an Israeli company that is a leader in making sensors and cameras for self-driving vehicles. Depending on how things shake out, Ford or Fiat Chrysler may own and manage self-driving fleets that compete head to head with Uber. The coming of driverless cars and trucks raises several big questions. How long will the transition to these vehicles take? What will be the benefits and the costs to society? Who will be the winners and who the losers (and it seems clear that many of the five million people who work as drivers will be losers)? And what role should the government play in managing and regulating the arrival of this new technology, or should all this be left to the free market to sort out? Also, what role should government take to help the millions of truck drivers, taxi drivers, and others who might lose their jobs, or should these displaced workers be left to fend for themselves? Should society require the winners from this new technology—most likely some giant corporations and the consuming public—to somehow share their gains with the losers, perhaps through some special levy on these new vehicles to finance programs to help the losers? The shift to driverless cars and trucks will be one of the most important new technologies since the horseless carriage replaced buggies. Yet the advent of self-driving vehicles will be different from the arrival of many previous technologies. Because we can see this technology coming years ahead of its arrival, we as a nation are in a position to take some smart policy steps to prepare and help the many people who will lose their jobs as a result of this new technology. But given America’s dismal history with easing economic transitions, such smart steps may not be taken, despite years of advance warning. Self-driving vehicles will threaten the jobs of as many as five million people—workers who make a living as taxi drivers, long-haul truckers, Uber and Lyft drivers, local delivery drivers, limo chauffeurs, and even many bus drivers. Beyond that, driverless cars could mean an end to many gas stations, auto repair shops, car washes, auto dealers, commercial parking lots, and car rental agencies, not to mention traditional auto insurance. Moreover, because this new technology will lead to a more efficient use of cars, the nation could well need fewer autos—and that could reduce overall car production. These cars will benefit the public in ways that many people don’t yet appreciate. “Most of us in the U.S. commute all alone in a single car—the average American driver spends 51 minutes to and from work every day,” says Raj Rajkumar, a professor of electrical and computer engineering at Carnegie Mellon University. “This is wasted time and wasted productivity. Driverless cars would be a big win for productivity. You can spend 45 minutes doing something productive, including taking a nap.” Rajkumar also sees a sharp drop in auto accidents. “About 1.3 million people die every year worldwide from auto accidents,” he says. “In the U.S., it’s about 38,000. Most of these accidents are caused by human error. Most of these lives would be saved with driverless technology.” Rajkumar adds that autonomous cars would be a godsend for blind, disabled, and elderly Americans who can’t drive. “These people would gain mobility,” he says. “It would greatly help the 1.5 million legally blind Americans and the more than five million disabled people who can’t drive.” Autonomous cars will make it far easier and, in theory, cheaper for many disabled people to get to work. And they will make it easier for many elderly and disabled people to go to movies or parks or shopping, and for the elderly to see their grandchildren and care for them after school. LAWRENCE KATZ, A LABOR ECONOMIST at Harvard, says there’s no denying that this radical new technology will imperil many jobs. The five million drivers who could lose their jobs, he says, represent almost 3 percent of the workforce and don’t, as a group, have bright prospects if they get laid off. “It’s disproportionately male, disproportionately non-college,” he says. Five million jobs, he explains, “is about the same size as the decline in manufacturing jobs since 2000. It’s a comparable potential shock.” The move to self-driving cars will of course produce some new jobs—in engineering, software, and marketing. But displaced former drivers generally won’t qualify for these white-collar jobs. Instead, they could find themselves with lower-paying jobs at Walmart or Target, or they could be trained for something better. According to Katz, there are two big reasons that the economic pain from losing five million driving jobs will be less than from losing five million factory jobs. First, drivers’ jobs are spread fairly evenly across the United States, while manufacturing jobs were concentrated in one devastated region, the Midwest. The more-even geographic distribution should make it easier for laid-off drivers to find jobs. Second, Katz noted, because factory workers average around $20 an hour, while drivers average $13, laid-off drivers would take less of a hit than factory workers if forced to take $10-an-hour jobs at Walmart. Still, Katz added, “This will be a shock to the labor market for non-college men. They’re already in tough shape.” Bhairavi Desai, executive director of the New York Taxi Workers Alliance, which has 19,000 taxi, Uber, and Lyft drivers as members, shares these concerns. “Our people see this as a threat, and we know it’s closer than we realize,” she says. “These are workers on the margins, with language issues and low wages. Drivers are an older workforce. It’s people who are mainly in their forties and fifties and older. It’s going to be really hard to relocate these people within the economy.” “It’s going to be very disruptive,” says Erik Brynjolfsson, director of the MIT Initiative on the Digital Economy. “It’s going to happen faster than a lot of people realize.” How fast will it happen? Some companies, like Uber and Ford, see driverless cars becoming popular within five years, while some skeptical experts say it will take 20 or 30 years not just to develop a truly safe self-driving technology, but also to get needed government permissions, and to overcome public anxiety that could morph into public resistance. Moody’s Investors Service predicts that self-driving technology will not become a common option in conventional vehicles until 2030, and not become standard in all vehicles until 2035. Moody’s further predicts that not until 2045 will a majority of vehicles be driverless and that by 2055, they will become nearly universal. Uber and Google have prototypes on the road now. It’s one thing, though, to have a few dozen or hundred closely supervised experimental vehicles on the road, but a very different thing to have several million self-driving cars on streets and highways across America. Karl Brauer, executive publisher at Kelley Blue Book, an auto research firm, predicted that such cars would become mainstream across America in four to ten years. But Joan Claybrook, former head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, says it could take 10, 20, even 30 years of tinkering with and improving self-driving technology until it is truly safer than human drivers. In terms of its impact on the job market, “a huge amount depends upon the rate of change,” says David Autor, an MIT economics professor. “If this is gradual, it’s not a big deal,” he adds, explaining that if this happens over 15 or 20 years, many drivers should have time to retrain and the economy should be able to absorb them without major problems. “But if this happens overnight, it’s a very big deal.” FOR THE MOMENT, THIS technology still faces sizable hurdles. It doesn’t work when snow covers lane markers, and there’s considerable worry about what happens if the internet system controlling these cars suddenly crashes. Government approvals could be delayed for years if there are more fatalities like that of the Tesla test driver who died in May 2016 when a truck cut in front of his self-driving vehicle. To help make sure that driverless vehicles are safe, huge infrastructure spending will be needed, such as installing road signs that communicate with these vehicles and upgrading GPS systems so they are accurate to within a few inches to help self-driving cars stay in their lanes. The huge outlays needed to finance these infrastructure improvements raise concerns about cost and about fairness. Supporters of driverless cars argue that such cars will help consumers—affluent and non-affluent—because they will in theory be cheaper than using today’s taxis. In some ways, however, the public investment needed to make a nationwide system of driverless cars possible will be a subsidy for affluent families like the Smiths who will be able to afford to use them far more than poorer families. The billions that government spends on infrastructure to make driverless vehicles safe and reliable could crowd out spending for mass transit, hurting less-affluent families who rely on subways, trains, and buses. Many technology experts say major infrastructure improvements will be needed to ensure that driverless cars are safe. The electronic equipment—sensors, cameras, radar, lasers—that keeps self-driving cars from hitting other cars relies on lane markings to operate, but when there is fog or when snow covers lanes or when there is blinding glare from the sun, those sensors often can’t function. To remedy this problem, there is a push to develop a far more accurate GPS system that can locate vehicles to within four inches—helping keep them in lanes. This upgraded GPS will likely need an expensive, elaborate, and frequently updated mapping of the terrain. As a further step to ensure safety and guide these cars, industry experts are calling for a new generation of road signs and traffic lights that contain elaborate electronics to communicate with driverless cars—perhaps telling them exactly where the next exit is or warning of construction ahead or an upcoming lane merger. These infrastructure improvements will be expensive, and one can be sure that the industries rushing to introduce driverless cars will want the government to pay. In the past, the government has paid for GPS satellites and highway signs. Another infrastructure requirement: The millions of autonomous cars that will eventually be on the road will need to communicate with the cloud, and that will mean significantly expanding the capacities of the cloud. This cost is likely to be borne by companies like Uber, Google, and Ford, and not by taxpayers. Brauer of Kelley Blue Book has other, nagging fears, among them that computer hackers might sabotage a car’s computer controls. For example, hackers might direct 20 driverless cars on a bridge to suddenly turn right, and they then disastrously plunge off the bridge. Or there might be an unexpected technical glitch that causes five cars to blow through an intersection and take out a group of pedestrians. Such a serious glitch or hacking incident could traumatize the public and cause regulators to delay for years giving needed government permissions. Brauer sees another obstacle to rolling out this new technology. “A lot of people won’t buy into it on a philosophy and on a trust level,” he says. That creates another challenge—many traditionalists may shun driverless cars and keep on driving their own cars. That could mean big problems meshing the supposedly safer driverless technology with cars driven by often-flawed human beings, some of whom will inevitably drive drunk or carelessly change lanes and crash into a self-driving car in their blind spot. There is also the big issue of how driverless cars should be regulated. Autonomous cars present an auto-safety issue far more momentous than the battles over airbags or cameras for when one drives in reverse. But in the face of industry eagerness and rapidly changing technology, the Obama administration punted. Without much public debate, the administration gave a fairly bright green light to driverless cars in September 2016, when the Department of Transportation issued guidelines permitting self-driving cars. These guidelines call for driverless cars to meet 15 safety standards and called for the 50 states to develop uniform regulations for these cars. There was no notice of rulemaking, and no formal set of rules. Under these guidelines, Uber, Google, Ford, and other companies could move ahead in introducing driverless cars onto the roads, without any further federal authorization needed—although the government emphasized that it would look over the companies’ shoulder and intervene if it saw safety problems with this radical new technology. In the event of safety problems arising, the government reserved the right to step in and set standards for some technologies, like electronic sensors, that autonomous cars rely on. Perhaps predictably, some auto industry executives protested that these guidelines were too strict because they raised the possibility that the government would delay or block some new self-driving technologies if it saw safety problems. Currently, the auto industry self-regulates in introducing new technologies, like automatic braking, under the belief that automakers—not wanting to hurt their image or sales—wouldn’t add a new technology unless they were convinced it was safe. But in light of the industry’s checkered history on safety, some skeptics are calling for greater regulation of self-driving vehicles. In Claybrook’s view, the Obama administration was far too hasty. “There will be some good actors and some bad actors,” she says. “The question is whether the public can rely on anything.” States have asserted some regulatory authority, but that is largely being preempted by Washington. The states will continue to be responsible for inspecting cars and licensing drivers and insurance. “The way it’s going to work,” Claybrook says, “if the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration does nothing more, the industry can do whatever it wants on driverless cars. The federal government will have opted out.” And of course the Trump administration is even less likely to intervene. TRUCKING PRESENTS A paradoxical variation on the theme. Last summer, Michael Belzer, a professor at Wayne State University and one of the nation’s leading academic authorities on the trucking industry, was predicting that self-driving trucks wouldn’t arrive for 20 years. He said in an interview back then, “The technology is just not there.” But now Belzer says self-driving trucks might arrive in ten years, perhaps sooner. This past October, Uber’s Otto subsidiary caused Belzer to shorten his timeframe when an Otto self-driving truck equipped with $30,000 in software and hardware hauled 50,000 cans of Budweiser from Fort Collins to Colorado Springs. With a human driver sitting in the cab as a backup, the truck drove 120 miles on I-25, although the human did get the truck onto the interstate and took over again before the truck exited back onto city streets. Some experts predict that self-driving trucks will become widespread before self-driving cars do, because trucking companies are so eager to cut costs and have these expensive vehicles run nearly around the clock. “The trucking industry has a huge interest in not having to pay for drivers,” Claybrook tells me. For some long-distance trucking trips, companies may cut back from two drivers in the cab to one, and there’s talk of having convoys with two or three trucks, with a driver in the front truck, and one or two autonomous trucks following right behind. “One of the big questions should be what’s going to happen to this workforce,” Belzer adds. “A lot of these drivers voted for Trump. What’s going to happen to them? Our tradition in the United States is to hell with these workers and dump them. We get rid of that work, get rid of those jobs, and you, the worker, figure out what to do.” For now at least, officials with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters aren’t voicing much alarm about the possibility of truck drivers losing jobs. The reason: Teamster officials assert that self-driving trucks will continue to need a driver to help out in case of emergencies, to handle paperwork, to assure the safety of the cargo, to pull a truck into a warehouse. An analogy is aircraft. Planes have had autopilots for generations. Today, aircraft can virtually fly themselves—and do so in bad weather. But despite futuristic projections of pilotless planes, no serious person is pushing to have commercial jetliners without human crews capable of taking the controls. Kara Deniz, a Teamsters spokesperson, says, “We don’t see anything indicating that these vehicles will be able to function in real-life conditions, go long distances, especially through a city environment, without a human being. You hear these doomsday scenarios about jobs, but there are so many questions that still need to be addressed, like not knowing the reliability and safety, and then there are hacking issues.” Sam Loesche, a Teamsters lobbyist, adds, “We have not seen a situation where any responsible operator would agree that there’s a role for this technology without an operator in the cab. Our view is [that] the best piece of safety technology is the driver.” While insisting that drivers will continue to be needed, Loesche switches gears and says that in any conversation about self-driving vehicles, “workers’ jobs need to be a top issue.” He adds, “You can’t have the number of job losses you did in other industries and not see a role for policymakers and the government.” The main industry group, the American Trucking Associations, shares some of the Teamsters’ views. Pointing to issues like hazardous cargo, driving in cities, and interacting with warehouses and stores receiving merchandise, Chris Spear, the association’s president, told a federal transportation panel in January that ATA believes drivers “will retain an important role in trucking for the foreseeable future, even with automated trucks, just as pilots are still present in airline cockpits.” Kalanick, Uber’s CEO, has a surprisingly optimistic—though somewhat self-contradicting—take on what driverless technology will mean for jobs. He says that in years to come, Uber will offer a mix of rides, some provided by drivers, some by self-driving cars. Kalanick foresees skyrocketing demand for improved transportation and says this would mean a continued need for drivers—for instance, to help many disabled or elderly passengers in and out of vehicles. “Many people predicted that the ATM would spell doom for bank tellers,” Kalanick says. “In fact, ATMs cut the cost of running a local bank so more branches opened, employing more people.” Kalanick adds, “Self-driving Ubers, for example, will be on the road 24 hours a day, which means they’ll need a lot more human maintenance than cars today.” NUMEROUS CORPORATIONS stand to make a fortune from this new technology, and many consumers will benefit, too. “Well-funded companies see a lot of potential revenues at the end of this rainbow, and they all want to get there first,” says Brauer of Kelley Blue Book. “There’s lots of money to be made producing the cars, controlling them, managing their data systems, and collecting information about passengers. Companies will know when he’s going, where he’s going, what he’s doing. Talk about opportunities for targeted advertising.” Once autonomous cars become popular, Brauer adds, “there will be an explosion of new business models with billions of dollars up for grabs.” With driverless cars, Uber and Lyft won’t have hard-working drivers keeping 60 percent to 80 percent of the fares. Instead, Uber and Lyft will keep the lion’s share of fares, although some might go to taxes and fees and some might go to Google or whichever company runs the driverless cars’ data systems. “Their business model would go from having huge profit potential to having massive profit potential,” Brauer says. “The fight over whether the drivers are independent contractors or employees and the related litigation, all that goes away. It becomes an extremely desirable business model.” In their book, Driverless: Intelligent Cars and the Road Ahead, Hod Lipson and Melba Kurman point to another problematic effect of driverless cars—companies and their shareholders will grow richer as drivers grow poorer. “As machines take away human jobs,” they write, “one potentially devastating effect will be to further exacerbate the trend toward inequality, a growing global problem.” MIT’s Brynjolfsson argues that we as a nation should make sure we find a way to share this prosperity and progress with the displaced drivers. The most important step, he said, will be to provide first-class retraining for them. Many economists say bigger and better retraining programs will be the key, even though the nation’s retraining programs have a less-than-stellar history because they often train unemployed workers for fields where there aren’t enough job openings. Help for laid-off drivers can take many other forms, perhaps including something akin to the trade adjustment assistance received by factory workers who lose their jobs to imports. A beefed-up version would be desirable, because trade adjustment assistance has often been underfunded and has not done enough to support and retrain laid-off workers. Harvard’s Lawrence Katz offers several other suggestions: wage subsidies, an increased earned income tax credit, and, if need be, a government-backed public jobs program. (That last idea is anathema to conservatives.) A big question is where we, in tax-averse America, would find the money to finance programs to assist displaced drivers. One option would be to impose a tax on self-driving vehicles—perhaps a tax on every mile traveled. At some point, Congress could step in and tell the many corporations eager to introduce—and cash in on—this technology that it will agree to a nationwide green light for all 50 states on one condition: that it enacts a law creating a special per-mile tax to finance programs that aid and retrain displaced drivers. “Even though this may not lead to mass dislocation,” Autor says, “it may further constrict the set of opportunities for people who don’t have specialized skills. Not to say that driving doesn’t require specialized skills, but it’s not up there with engineers or computer programmers.” Autor sees demand for skilled construction workers, skilled medical technicians, and skilled repairmen as opportunities for displaced drivers. As for those who do not retrain and develop special skills, Autor says, they might have to turn to lower-paying jobs as home health aides, security guards, or food service or cleaning workers. Brynjolfsson believes laid-off drivers should be retrained for many “different kinds of jobs and industries.” Many could be trained for sales or marketing jobs, he says, adding that there are huge unmet needs, in particular, in health care and other nurturing and caring jobs. But, he acknowledges, “a lot of truck drivers aren’t going to find much of this appealing. It will be a rough transition.” America’s retraining programs have often fallen short because they failed to place workers in jobs after months or years of retraining—often because the programs ignored whether there were opportunities in the fields for which laid-off workers were being trained. While education—whether obtaining vocational training or associate’s or bachelor’s degrees—would of course help laid-off drivers, it could prove frustrating if there aren’t enough jobs out there. An ambitious program to address the nation’s urgent infrastructure problems is badly needed, and that could create a million or more construction jobs, as well as long-term jobs maintaining and operating all manner of “smart” infrastructure systems, not to mention the newfangled auto repair stations and parking lots that will be needed for company-owned fleets of driverless cars. The nation’s renewed focus on preserving and creating factory jobs could also provide valuable opportunities for laid-off drivers. And it is of course important to strive for a full-employment, higher-wage economy that offers job opportunities not just for laid-off drivers, but for everyone. This is a long-term planning challenge that goes well beyond the question of how to re-employ the upcoming wave of displaced drivers. No one should expect a seamless transition for the many drivers whose jobs get run over by driverless technology. That’s where wage subsidies, earned income tax credits, extended unemployment insurance, and some form of adjustment assistance might come into play. Some advocates argue that universal basic income would be an ideal program for drivers thrown out of work and having a hellish time finding another job. But most drivers are eager to work and probably won’t want to just get by on a modest UBI. The development of driverless cars is a perfect opportunity for some smart public policy. We as a nation have years to plan, and there will be a rich revenue stream to draw from. Let’s hope that we, the world’s richest nation, adopt some smart, foresighted policies so that millions of drivers don’t get banged up in a head-on collision when this radical new technology takes the road.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg It's Official: Top Psychiatrists at Yale Conference Warn That Trump Has a 'Dangerous Mental Illness' Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/21/2017 - 12:59 America Is Regressing into a Developing Nation for Most People Lynn Stuart Parramore / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sat, 04/22/2017 - 07:49 Trump's Organized Crime Ties Bring Blackmail to the White House Jefferson Morley / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/21/2017 - 13:18 Melania Trump Profile Says She’s ‘Frosty’ With Ivanka and ‘Never Had Any Interest’ in First Lady Job David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/23/2017 - 08:09 6 Times Donald Trump Goofed Up the Simple Stuff Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/23/2017 - 11:54 Solarcoaster: Workers Very Unhappy With Elon Musk-Owned Solar City and Chaos in the Industry Jessica Goodheart / Capital and Main Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/23/2017 - 10:12 Diehard O'Reilly Fans Are Boycotting Fox News for Letting the Embattled Host Go Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/21/2017 - 06:13 Donald Trump Jr. Is Going to Montana to Kill Pregnant Prairie Dogs Reynard Loki / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/21/2017 - 23:45 Might the 5 Ex-Presidents Prevent Trump From Making the U.S. Unrecognizable by 2020? Arthur J. Magida / The Washington Spectator Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 04/23/2017 - 08:33 Remake of Classic 'Your Brain on Drugs' Ad Slams Disastrous Drug War Tony Newman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 04/21/2017 - 05:53 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Here Comes the Big Assault on Workers' Rights Election 2016 6 Times Donald Trump Goofed Up the Simple Stuff Environment The Bizarre Experience of Watching Cable News in America on Earth Day News & Politics With Le Pen, Trump (and Putin) Are Still Pushing Fascist 'Nationalism' News & Politics Bill O'Reilly Ruined the News: 10 Ways He and Fox News Harassed Us All News & Politics Might the 5 Ex-Presidents Prevent Trump From Making the U.S. Unrecognizable by 2020? News & Politics Believe It or Not: The New Age and Occult Underpinnings of Trump and Bannon's Ideology News & Politics Melania Trump Profile Says She’s ‘Frosty’ With Ivanka and ‘Never Had Any Interest’ in First Lady Job Education Trump's Education Budget Will Undermine Teaching and Schools Food If You Simply Must Have a Late-Night Snack, Try These Healthy Options News & Politics Donald Trump's 100 Days Flip-Flop: After Campaigning on A '100-Day Plan,' Trump Now Calls It a 'Ridiculous Standard' Activism Artist Ravi Zupa Takes on Racist Police Killings Investigations Brave New Films: Trump Bombing Afghanistan to Look Strong Is Picking on One of the World's Poorest Nations News & Politics 'Phony Numbers and Front Groups': Trump's Inaugural Donor List Contains Massive Evidence of Fraud News & Politics 100 Days of Deconstruction: Part One Labor Driverless Future? Sex & Relationships Budweiser Wants You to Sext More Economy Solarcoaster: Workers Very Unhappy With Elon Musk-Owned Solar City and Chaos in the Industry FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Monsanto Has Violated the Basic Human Right to a Healthy Environment and Food America's Second-Largest School District Says No to McDonald's McTeacher's Nights Thousands of Big Cats Are Suffering in Inhumane Roadside Zoos Across the U.S. ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, April 24, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Digibus takes technology to citizens By CARMEN GEORGE The Fresno Bee (TNS) This article was published April 23, 2017 at 2:01 a.m. Comments aAFont Size FRESNO, Calif. -- Librarian Shannon Morrison recently drove a large bus into a Wal-Mart parking lot while wearing a long blue skirt covered with prints of Hawaiian hibiscus flowers. "She's one to try anything," says fellow Fresno County community librarian Michelle Gordon. "She's very adventurous." Hearing this across the parking lot, the normally soft-spoken Morrison raises her library voice to project excitement: "I think that's part of why I find it so much fun -- it's like an adventure!" Morrison is no ordinary librarian, and she drives no ordinary bus. She's the guardian of the Digibus -- a mobile computer classroom staffed by librarians who hit the road at the end of January bound for Fresno County communities with the aim of offering computer literacy and job-search skills to all. "I never thought in a million years that I'd be driving a Winnebago that's almost 40 feet around the community," Morrison says, "but it really fits my personality. ... A lot of people don't realize how much I'm outgoing, and how much I like to come to them and be really with them and care for them and be a part of who they are -- not so much waiting for them to come to me." Morrison and her Digibus came to the aid of people in Kerman, Calif., recently. Maria Batres was among those who boarded the bus parked in the Wal-Mart parking lot. The 43-year-old mother of five and grandmother of three is working to better understand how to use a computer so she can access online resources to help her learn English and study to become a U.S. citizen. Batres used a computer for the first time two years ago. She says many of her friends and family members don't have a computer at home and are also still learning how to use them. Batres has seasonal work driving a truck. She says she likes truck driving, but hopes more education can help her get a better job working at a restaurant. During her Digibus visit, Batres was assisted by Maria Conchas, a bilingual instructor and interpreter. Three other women -- one with a baby in a stroller -- boarded the bus after Batres to use some of the 12 computer tablets with keyboards. The bus was donated by Reading and Beyond and was transformed into a mobile computer classroom last year thanks to a $90,000 state library grant, with matched funds from the county. The transformation includes a futuristic blue paint job featuring computer coding. The Digibus has stops scheduled through June, but Morrison expects its travels to continue long into the future. It now visits two communities a month for one week each. Digibus services, all provided at no cost, include teaching basic computer skills, such as how to use email and browse the internet, along with job preparedness -- including resume writing and searching and applying for jobs online. Morrison says a future bus tour could include more advanced training, like how to create videos and apps, but before that happens, a number of young people surveyed asked librarians to first focus on helping their parents with "digital literacy." One recent Digibus visitor didn't know how to use a computer mouse. The Digibus is part of Fresno County Library's WoW! program -- which stands for a library "without walls." Among the WoW! projects is a mobile library that travels to senior living facilities and schools. One of Morrison's most rewarding experiences on the Digibus was helping a farm worker finish her resume to apply for new work. The woman was able to print her resume on the bus and leave with it in hand. Morrison hopes to help many more on her Digibus adventures. "Drop all hinderances, approach the bus," Morrison says to all. "Come in, we're friendly, we're nice, we want to serve you. It's here for you." High Profile on 04/23/2017 Print Headline: Digibus takes technology to citizens Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Pocket squares are optional DEAR ABBY: In-laws up in arms over rate of mo... Equine excitement Living Legacy Awards honor 3 for service to c... Digibus takes technology to citizens Bolo Bash 'feeder' lives up to its name with ... Auxiliary has food, fun for hospital's fundra... Clothes just part of Ebony Fashion Fair Store helps shorter men fit in Comments on: Digibus takes technology to citizens To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rally at Capitol promotes science (11 comments) Doctor's arrest brings attention to U.S. female circumcisions (2 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (30 comments) Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research (17 comments) Former Arkansas college student could face death penalty in triple killing (2 comments) Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations (38 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, April 24, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS This article was published April 23, 2017 at 2:01 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Pulaski County real estate transactions of $150,000 or more, deeds recorded 03/20/2017 through 03/24/2017: JWL I Limited Partnership to Modern Storage Maumelle Blvd LLC, L2, Lusk Commercial; L1, Lusk Commercial, $3,300,000. CGP Maumelle MF LLC to Vic and Victoria J. Alberti, L7AR, Wal-Mart Commercial Replat, $2,570,000. Ben E. Keith Co. to Sage V Foods LLC, N/2 SE 17-1N-11W; NE SE 17-1N-11W; Tracts A & B Area 201, Little Rock Port Industrial Park, $1,750,000. 1515 Holdings Inc. to Pierce Smith LLC, 1515 E. Fourth St., Little Rock, L2 B16, Garland, $1,385,426. Stuart P. and Mitzi K. Miller to Christie and Deno Grumbos, 12 Somersett Court, Roland, L19R, Somersett Estates, $730,000. P-Americas LLC and Mid-South Bottling Company and Burke Beverage Co. and Arkansas Beverage Co. to MPV Leasing & Rentals LLC, 6200 Patterson Road, Little Rock, Lots Q & F, Little Rock Industrial District, $675,000. Tyler Kirk to Jeanne Z. and Henry A. Barham III, 4801 Crestwood Drive, Little Rock, L102, Cliffewood, $655,000. R&L Properties to Chick-Fil-A Inc., L4R, Maumelle Town Center Replat, $606,000. Sharlow Builders & Developers LLC to Anthony A. and Mary S. Hilliard, 38 Mirabel Court, Little Rock, L8 B105, Chenal Valley, $535,000. Lorraine Funk Hannah Revocable Trust and Lorraine F. Hannah to Alan B. Whisenhunt Jr., 43 Pinehurst Circle, Little Rock, L11 B6, Pleasant Valley, $530,000. Charles E. and Gloria J. Jordan to DiAnnette Scott-Finks and Hayward Finks Jr., 46 Cobblestone Way, Little Rock, L27, The Ranch, $461,000. Harold Gwatney Chevrolet Co. to Elson Properties LLC, L2, Gene Wilson Commercial Development, $435,000. Merilou S. Love and The Merilou Shoop Love Revocable Trust to Bradley and Holly Reding, 9 Glenridge Road, Little Rock, L80, Robinwood, $425,000. Drew W. Jansen and James O. Martin III to Lorraine F. Hannah and The Lorraine Funk Hannah Revocable Trust, Apt. A-401, Treetops HPR, $425,000. Brett A. and Shenene L. Dingler to Brett A. Dingler and Shenene Dingler and The Brett & Shenene L. Dingler Family Trust, 315 Rock St. Unit 910, Little Rock, L910, River Market Tower HPR, $400,000. Budco Inc. to Hannah Cooper, 9708 Oak Heights Drive, Sherwood, L62, Miller Heights, $399,000. William W. and Lisa H. Blevins to Gary W. and Kimberly A. Holland, 403 Wellington Woods Loop, Little Rock, L46 B11, Villages Of Wellington, $389,900. Midsouth Property Management LLC to Monica Wood, 87 Clervaux Drive, Little Rock, L3 B77, Chenal Valley, $360,000. Robert and Mary Tellez to Anthony Newkirk and Joanna Hladun-Newkirk, L2 B3, Shady Valley, $350,000. Alan W. Eastham and Carolyn L. Eastham and The Eastham Family Trust to Patrick J. and Becky W. Keogh, 7 Woodsong Drive, Roland, L4, Woodsong, $345,000. Jim Pace Homes LLC to Sri R. Appalaneni and Sushma Motupalli, 26 Drew Drive, Little Rock, L23, Georganne Estates, $335,000. GrubCo Construction LLC to Jason and Colleen B. Kordsmeier, 2803 Hidden Valley, Little Rock, L8 B32, Pleasant Valley, $325,000. Bryan J. and April C. Smith to Matthew E. and Karen D. Mitchell, 15 Clervaux Drive, Little Rock, L50 B73, Chenal Valley, $322,500. Andy Terry to T. Keith and Tami M. Jones, L5 B1, Wildwood Ridge Phase I, $320,000. Michael E. Vick Jr. to 3200 Myers Street Partners LLC, 3800 W. 31st St, Little Rock, Ls6-12 B3 & Ls1-15 B8, Dickinson Mill; NE NW 17-1N-12W, $317,500. ODS Enterprises LLC to Carlton E. and Gwendlyon F. Brown, 12720 Secretariat Drive, Scott, L136, Ashley Downs Phase I, $304,000. E-Co Residential Builders Inc. to Philip A. and Rebecca A. Rogers, 8616 Trail Creek Drive, Sherwood, L37 B4, Creekside, $289,950. Thomas A. and Heather Davis to Mark and Marda Isbell, L12 B23, Overbrook, $282,500. Jacob W. and Elizabeth M. Morris to Lorraine McKelvey and Mark A. Thompson Jr., 4624 Kenyon Drive, Little Rock, Ls9-11 B8, Hillcrest, $280,000. Linda L. Lee to Clifton Family LLLP, L6 B1, Overview Lot 5 Block 1, $275,000. Susan C. Izard and John D. Izard and The Susan C. Izard Family Trust to Maria I. and Hamid Habibi, L699, St. Charles, $273,500. Julianne C. DeLong (aka Julianne Dissinger) and Dennis A. DeLong and Bridget Bowman to Jeffrey P. and Amy Hough, 27 Bugle Court, Little Rock, L220, Foxcroft 4th Replat, $271,000. Karen L. Steelman to Randy Coleman and The Travis Dale Gray Revocable Trust, 113 Summit Drive, Maumelle, L50 B5, Maumelle Valley Estates, $267,000. Craig S. and Sara E. Matthews to Alyssa C. and Clarence A. Matthews III, 202 Hidden Valley Loop, Maumelle, L1 B4, Maumelle Valley Estates, $263,000. Aubrey J. Hough Jr. to Robert H. and Amber B. Goff, 13902 Saint Charles Blvd., Little Rock, L202, St Charles, $254,000. Linda S. Craig to Witson R. and Rebecca F. Moore, 6 Chatel Drive, Little Rock, L62 B19, Chenal Valley, $249,900. Ranch West Villas LLC to Alfred and Mary Norah, 406 Valley Ranch Circle, Little Rock, L3, Ranch West Villas, $245,900. Graham Smith Construction LLC to Gina Johnson, 14918 Pride Valley Road, Little Rock, L7 B2, Kanis Creek, $244,900. Philip A. and Rebecca A. Rogers to Pamela A. Walden-Leech, L15 B2, Lakewood Northeast, $236,900. Brian D. and Melissa E. House to Sharon Stelter and Thomas M. Wadley, 2916 Kellogg Acres Road, Sherwood, L10 B6, Kellogg, $227,000. John P. Leoncavallo Jr. to Alyssa J. Broyles, 145 Ridge Road, Little Rock, L417, Kingwood Place, $225,000. Kenneth W. Hartter and Peggy J. Hartter and The Ken & Peggy Hartter Revocable Living Trust Agreement to John C. Harris and Megan Harris, 1414 Cherry Brook Drive, Little Rock, L10 B2, Cherry Creek, $221,000. Matthew B. and Jeana N. Wilson to Callie S. Neel, 8605 Leatrice Drive, Little Rock, L82, Leawood Mountain, $220,000. Mll Properties Inc. to Kevin Walker, 12 Rosewall Lane, Little Rock, L30, Otter Creek Community Phase XI, $220,000. Aaron Dreyer to Relo Direct Inc., 233 Feldspar Drive, Sherwood, L11 B10, Stonehill Phase IV, $219,900. James A. Walker Jr. and Mattie L. Walker and The Mattie Lou Walker Revocable Trust to Sarah Kline and Benjamin Thesing, 8020 Guenther Road, Roland, SE NW 10-2N-14W; L2, West Pinnacle Manor, $218,500. Jill R. and Byron D. Bryant (aka B. David Bryant) to James A. Tillman Jr. and The James A. Tillman Jr. Revocable Trust, L897, Fairway Woods Phase II- Otter Creek Community, $214,000. Relo Direct Inc. to Christopher T. and Kimberly D. Brown, 233 Feldspar Drive, Sherwood, L11 B10, Stonehill Phase IV, $207,000. Kenneth F. and Shirley K. Mark to Christopher L. Boswell, 5305 Cypress Drive, Jacksonville, LF63, Oak Ridge Ranch Lots 1-22 23F-35F 36-38 39F-43F, $205,000. Bat Rep LLC to Chick-Fil-A Inc., L4R, Maumelle Town Center Replat, $202,000. WMBS LLC to Chick-Fil-A Inc., L4R, Maumelle Town Center Replat, $202,000. AGM Properties LLC to Matthew and Heather A. Knef, 2 Forest Maple Court, Little Rock, L367, Pleasant View Phase VI-A, $199,500. Caroline Sorrells McGill and The Caroline Sorrells McGill Revocable Trust to Erin Purkiss, 2304 Stoney Creek Drive, Little Rock, L68 B13, Cherry Creek, $197,500. Darby Brighton to Michael T. Seaman, L147, North Ridge, $196,500. Jessica L. and Oliver Berkow to Racheal L. Carter-Ragan and Herbert H. Ragan IV, 24 Flag Road, Little Rock, L154, Briarwood, $193,900. Pamela L. and Rita J. Jernigan to Tammy L. Johnson and Stacy D. Fletcher, 12 Oakwood Road, Little Rock, L16, Cedar Hill Terrace, $190,000. Carolyn J. Henry and Daniel E. Henry Sr. and The Henry Family Revocable Trust to The Keith Allan Boyd Gift Trust, L2, Foxcroft Village, $190,000. Country Club LLC to Matthew R. Barboza, 118 Chambery Drive, Maumelle, L1367, Montmartre Ph 21 Lt 1351 Ph 3B Replat Maumelle, $190,000. Daniel A. and Connie J. Baw to Travis T. and Cindy W. Mikeal, 3304 Bunker Hill Drive, North Little Rock, L2 B62, Lakewood, $189,950. Marla P. McClendon-Popa and Dennis J. Popa (deceased) to Westwood Real Estate Development Company LLC, L9 B3, Cherry Creek, $189,500. Alison L. Bussard to Jeremy L. and Heather R. Rogers, 1400 Dovecote Lane, Sherwood, L18 B13, East Meadow, $185,000. Helen R. Ward to Elizabeth J. Vance, 2408 Grist Mill Road, Little Rock, L276, Sturbridge Phase IV, $185,000. CBL Properties LLC to Kellie Sheffield, L18 B2, Northbrook, $179,900. Layzinvestments LLC to Sunny A. Bradley, 9717 Treasure Hill Road, Little Rock, L66, Treasure Hill, $179,000. Allen W. Bird II and The Estate Of Betty Cole Drake (deceased) to Chris and Christy Milligan, L79, Cammack Woods, $177,500. Phyllis K. Ray and Tyler L. Ray and Kaylyn L. Ray and The Howard Lee Webb Family Trust to Zachary Fendley and Lauren Boyles, 3713 Sevier Drive, North Little Rock, L27 B53, Lakewood, $177,000. W. Towner Cowles to Philip A. and Maria I. Goodhart, 13118 Morrison Road, Little Rock, L258, Marlowe Manor Phase IV, $175,000. Rachel Y. Tipton and David D. Thiedig to Cotter S. Collins, 12741 Southridge Drive, Little Rock, L28 B2, Walton Heights, $175,000. J. M. Crites Builder Inc. to Amber L. Marcantel and Ryan A. Scott, 5940 Allwood Drive, North Little Rock, L13 B3, Countryside, $174,900. Tyler and Tiffany L. Blue (aka Tiffany Lee) to Brooke Tabke, 57 Emerald Drive, Maumelle, L138, North Pointe, $166,000. Bank Of Ozarks to Michael J. and Michelle L. Reed, 23 Mountain Vista Drive, Alexander, L48, Vista Pointe, $165,000. Rausch Coleman Mid-Ark LLC to David and Kaelyn A. Tang, 5800 Willow Way, Sherwood, L608, Trammel Estates Phase IV, $160,873. Heather and Jeremy Rogers to Debbie A. Hinkelman, 14900 Gorgeous View Trail, Little Rock, L113, Spring Valley Manor Section E, $160,000. Mark G. Mann to Janesa L. Hudson, 14304 Ridgewood Drive, Little Rock, L10 B3, Sandpiper West, $159,900. Gary W. and Heidi T. Hodge to Leslie Waite, 12240 Southridge Drive, Little Rock, L26 B4, Walton Heights, $159,900. Leslie Waite to Jeff Fuller Homes LLC, 6508 Kenwood Road, Cammack Village, L117, Cammack Woods, $155,000. Charity S. and Matt Headley to Richard D. and Haleigh C. Herring, 2 Hayley Cove, Maumelle, L1, Hayley Heights, $154,000. Commissioner In Circuit to Haybar Properties LLC, 1817 Broadway, Little Rock, Ls1-3 & 10 B2, Fulton, $151,000. Witson R. and Rebecca F. Moore to Margaret E. Peach and Laura Peach, 6716 Evergreen Drive, Little Rock, L5, Pinewood Hills, $151,000. SundayMonday Business on 04/23/2017 Print Headline: REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Luxury-vehicle sales on the move in China PATENTS AWARDED BUILDING PERMITS OIL AND GAS REPORT REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS BUSINESS PEOPLE Year in to new regime, Brazil still strained ON THE AGENDA INCORPORATIONS More Business stories > Comments on: REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rally at Capitol promotes science (11 comments) Doctor's arrest brings attention to U.S. female circumcisions (2 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (30 comments) Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research (17 comments) Former Arkansas college student could face death penalty in triple killing (2 comments) Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations (38 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories Mergers, acquisitions and new contracts across metro Detroit Integration of behavioral, physical health systems moves forward Detroit velodrome to host track championships in 2017, 2018 Michigan tests 'pay-for-success' model for diabetes prevention Budget proposal includes spending cuts, making room for tax cut or debt payments After false starts, an opportunity for McLouth Steel site What's in store for retail? Closings, job losses aren't the whole story Keeping news media strong is a win for everyone The challenge of ethics: Instill a healthy corporate culture so associates meet goals honestly, experts say Oakland University selects finalists for president post Special Report The challenge of ethics: Instilling a healthy corporate culture × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries April 23, 2017 Updated Keith Crain: Will brick and mortar go away? By Keith Crain It wasn't that many years ago when Wal-Mart changed the face of America. What had been a small, Arkansas-based retail chain of "big box" stores went national in the 1970s, putting a lot of small retailers out of business with a combination of merchandise under one roof. That was one revolution. We may be poised for a another. An Amazon revolution. Shoppers are diminishing dramatically in many bricks-and-mortar stores. Many folks are shopping online. No one is quite sure they know what to do … Subscribe now to keep reading Subscribe now for just $5 and get digital access for 5 weeks. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Manage your Crain's emails Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE April 23, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton Police Department Parking lot incident extends from Murphy USA to Long John Silvers John Thompson • Apr 21, 2017 at 10:07 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — There are a lot of interconnecting parking lots in the west end of Elizabethton from Walmart through the Elk Crossing Shopping Center, but police said they were still able to capture a man who they said was trying to elude them in the spacious lots. Police identified the driver as Jason Edwards, 38, 151 Sarah Annie Drive, Johnson City. He was eventually taken into custody and transported to Sycamore Shoals Hospital for medical evaluation. His vehicle was seized because his driver's license was reportedly revoked on a DUI charge. Witnesses said the incident began at the Murphy USA gas station at 998 Overmountain Drive, when a gray Oldsmobile pulled out of a parking space and struck a vehicle that was being fueled at the gas pump. The owner of the damaged vehicle said the driver of the Oldsmobile was slumped in his seat and denied striking any vehicles. Witnesses reported the Oldsmobile headed east toward Lowe’s Home Improvement. Officers then reported seeing the vehicle driving east in the parking lot of Big Lots, 791 W. Elk Ave. Elizabethton Police Officer James Stevens conducted a traffic stop in the Big Lots parking lot, but before he could get out of his vehicle, he said the Oldsmobile sped away, heading toward Elk Crossing. Stevens then followed at a safe distance and speed. Officer Dustin Johnson said he saw the Oldsmobile enter the Elk Crossing parking lot very recklessly and at a high rate of speed. Johnson said he turned on his siren and emergency lights, but he said the driver of the Oldsmobile did not obey the emergency signals and continued to travel through the parking lot at a high rate of speed to Zaxby’s and around the front to the Cash for Gold building. Johnson said the vehicle then turned eastbound on West Elk Avenue. Cpl. Trevor Salyer said the vehicle then turned into the old Long John Silver's parking lot, striking a curb, then crashed into a sidewalk and handrail. Charges in the incident were pending Edwards’ release from the hospital. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Post Register Monday April 24, 2017 42 °F SERVICES TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE. CALL 208-542-6777 | Search Services | Log In News Top Headlines Local News West Nation & World Commentary Learning The News Business Shoptalk People in Business Food & Home Outdoors Idaho Trails In the Woods Ticket Smart Living Sports High School College Pro PR Preps Obituaries Farm & Ranch Classifieds Announcements Automotive Employment Farm & Agriculture Merchandise Pets & Supplies Real Estate Recreational Vehicles Rentals Service Directory Jobs Real Estate Local Local First Events Restaurants Weather More Legal Notices Photos eBooks Contact Us Newsroom Staff Letters to the Editor Advertising Staff Circulation Staff Printing Services General Careers Subscribe Some Rexburg residents long for a simpler time Posted: April 22, 2017 7:44 p.m. Merrill By KEVIN TREVELLYAN and LINDSEY JOHNSON news@postregister.com REXBURG — Some long-time residents miss Rexburg as it existed before the influx of college students altered its composition and character. Bobbette Carlson, 76, has spent most of her life here. She served on the Rexburg Area Chamber of Commerce board of directors and the Rexburg Planning and Zoning Commission. Carlson’s father operated the Rexburg Food Center grocery store, which opened on Main Street in the early 1950s. Carlson ran the store, too, before it closed and was replaced by a Broulim’s Supermarket in 1997. Carlson remembers selling three dozen eggs for $1. She also recalls people loitering in the store, eyes fixed to one of the town’s first televisions. Back then, her family knew most store patrons. “You’d see parents pushing carts, then years later, their kids would be grown up and pushing carts, then next thing you know their kids were pushing carts,” Carlson said. That community atmosphere extended to family-owned independent businesses on Main Street, where Carlson window-shopped as a kid on balmy summer nights. Some of those shops shuttered following damage from the Teton Dam collapse in 1976. Others couldn’t compete with big-box stores, including Kmart and Wal-Mart. Kmart also was a victim of progress, closing in 2014 in advance of the opening of a Wal-Mart Super Center. Lately, college student interests have prevailed, Carlson said. “I definitely think it has shifted toward the college students. You can’t walk down Main Street and see the same clothing stores and shoe stores, and it doesn’t seem to be targeting the local people,” Carlson said. Housing has changed as well. Increased student populations at Brigham Young University-Idaho created a greater need for high-density apartment buildings, many of which occupy property near Main Street where single-family homes once stood. “I know there needs to be expansion and change, but to come down into the town and tear down houses that belonged to local people for years. I don’t understand why they couldn’t have gone up the hill instead,” Carlson said. “Some of the changes that have taken place have been good, while some are not so good. But that’s true in any community.” Mayor Jerry Merrill said there are residents who view the changes the university has brought on as a negative. “It’s sometimes difficult, especially for folks that have lived here for a long time; they’re used to Rexburg being a small little town and not having to wait in line at the grocery store,” Merrill said. He said that while growth is a positive, his goal is to preserve the family-friendly atmosphere. “I like small towns, and that’s one of my goals is to maintain the small-town, friendly feeling of Rexburg, even though we’re a very popular growth spot,” he said. “You either grow or you die, and that’s kind of the nature of how towns are.” About | Advertise | Newsroom Ethics | Newsroom Staff | Printing Services | Privacy Policy | Careers Post Register • 333 Northgate Mile • PO Box 1800 • Idaho Falls, ID. 83401 Office Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 am to 5:00 pm Phone: (208) 522.1800 Copyright © 2017 Post Register
Monday , 24 April 2017 ABOUT CONTACT US APPLY CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING PARTNERS SOCIAL CU Independent University of Colorado Daily Student News News Trump’s Travel Ban and CU Students series Milo Yiannopoulos Dakota Access Pipeline series Politics Student Government Campus Events 4/20 Coverage People of 4/20 – 2014 Academics Community Lifestyle Beyond Boulder Environment Crime Greek Election 2016 Election Day in Boulder and on campus Election Day in Boulder: Interactive map CUI’s Colorado voter’s guide 2016 GOP debate: Boulder “Your money, your vote”: All you need to know What’s going on? CU Boulder on GOP debate day GOP debate updates Entertainment Music & Playlists Film & TV Good Eats Sports NCAA Tournament 2016 Men’s Division I Basketball Football Women’s Division I XC – Track – Ski Club Sports The Coin Toss Fitness and Wellness The Big Leagues Opinion Columns Ask Alex A Gay in the Life Cannon Fodder Dear Domna Girl on Girl Editorials Our Stance Letters to the Editor Satire Podcasts CU Taboo Tune In Turn Up Tune In Turn Up AMPED Pick Six Keg Tap The Association Luck Be a Lady Visuals People of Boulder Galleries Multimedia Syllabus CUI GRAPEVINE GRADES DATABASE Boulder Whole Foods (Mark Palace/Google+ Photos) Opinion: The potential death of Whole Foods Opinions do not necessarily represent CUIndependent.com or any of its sponsors. For the first time since opening their doors in 1992, Whole Foods is in trouble. The “organic food takeover” by grocery giants such as Walmart, Kroger (King Soopers) and Costco threatens their core business model, and while they can bounce back, they must first change a few important things. As Whole Foods languishes in its longest stretch of declining sales since opening, the organic industry booms. In 2016, the Organic Trade Association reported that nationwide sales of organic food more than tripled between 2005 and 2015. According to The Wall Street Journal, Whole Foods’ competitors, such as Kroger and Albertsons, recently posted annual increases of more than ten percent for natural and organic foods. The grocer’s struggle sent shockwaves through Boulder when the company decided in February to close its Baseline location, one of nine store closures across the country. As such a health-conscious city, you’d think Boulder would be immune to such an event – reality tells a different story. In order to fight back against the proverbial machine, Whole Foods must become more like it – while also staying true to its “specialty store” identity. This involves addressing the high prices that may cause consumers to shop organic elsewhere. In this regard, Whole Foods may be on the right track. In 2015, Whole Foods hired former Target executive, Don Clark, to head its grocery operations. His plan to lower prices by cutting unnecessary costs, as he did during his tenure at Target, could revitalize sales at the organic grocer. Ultimately, future success depends on striking the right balance between quality and affordability. While many people opt not to pay a premium price for exotic produce and specialty meats, sacrificing product quality is not the answer to Whole Foods’ declining sales. Rather, to preserve their identity and lower costs they must make their operations more efficient from top to bottom. Whole Foods must also advertise their strengths more effectively. Commercials consistently tout their product quality, but often forget about their diverse selection of prepared foods. The Whole Foods website lists 14 prepared foods departments, including  the BBQ shack and Parisian café, which they should emphasize in their advertising efforts. If commercials featured mouth-watering temptations for breakfast, lunch and dinner, more people might stop in for a bite to eat while grocery shopping, killing two birds with one stone. Now that the novelty of shopping at Whole Foods has worn off its time for the company to make some changes. As the threat of Walmart and other supermarket devouring the core of its business mounts, Whole Foods must act quickly to reverse its fortunes. While the store does many things well, to attract regular customers Whole Foods must acquire a new outlook on the food-shopping climate of our country. Contact CUI Opinion Columnist Will Suhrie at william.suhrie@colorado.edu Boulder economics organic whole foods 2017-04-23 Will Suhrie Share Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest About Will Suhrie Previous March for Science draws thousands in Denver Next Buffs see success on the road with a pair of monstrous victories Check Also Opinion: Healthy eating starts with formal food education Healthy eating habits need to be developed by a young age. The education system needs to help teach these habits. By Carlisle Olsen Dakota Access Pipeline series Click the thumbnail to read all our stories from behind the protest lines in North Dakota. @The_CUI Tweets by @The_CUI Recent Posts Star Wars Battlefront II: Hope for a better game Buffs see success on the road with a pair of monstrous victories Opinion: The potential death of Whole Foods March for Science draws thousands in Denver Opinion: Healthy eating starts with formal food education
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium TIME Health Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Celebrity News Watch PEN Photos Style Celebrity Food Royals Premium Shop Celebrity Erin Moran’s Neighbors Say She Was ‘Full of Energy’ Before She Died in Her Mother-in-Law’s Trailer By Stephanie Petit and Kurt Pitzer•@pitzerkurt Posted on April 23, 2017 at 4:30pm EDT Share Tweet Email Neighbors of Erin Moran, the actress best known for her work in the sitcoms Happy Days and Joanie Loves Chachi, remembered her as a friendly member of their mobile home community following her shocking death on Saturday. However, they also say she became more reclusive in recent months. Officers in Harrison County in Indiana responded to reports of an unresponsive female in Corydon, Indiana, on Saturday afternoon. First responders determined that the woman, identified as Moran, had deceased, PEOPLE has confirmed (the news was first reported by TMZ). An autopsy is pending. According to neighbors, the actress died in the weathered, gray trailer she shared with her second husband, Walmart employee Steve Fleischmann, and mother-in-law in rural New Salisbury, Indiana. The trailer park is somewhat run-down but clean and quiet. “She was kind of hyper, full of energy,” neighbor Arthur Myers, 81, tells PEOPLE. “She’d walk like she was getting exercise. Always in street clothes. She was always friendly and waved, but I never talked to her at length.” However, in recent months, Moran didn’t venture out very often. “I used to see her all the time, walking up to get the mail or just out for a stroll,” says neighbor David Holt, 61. “She always waved or stopped to say hello. But I hadn’t seen her for a couple of months. She kind of hibernated at the end. It’s so sad. She was a good person.” Unimedia Images/REX/Shutterstock Although Holt said the actress still yearned to return to Hollywood, she was very down to earth. “I recognized her when she moved in around 2011,” he says. “I said, ‘Weren’t you on Happy Days?’ and she said, ‘Yeah,’ in a way I could tell she missed it. She used to tell me how they were one big family, and talk about the possibility of a reunion coming up.” “She didn’t have an attitude, or let on that she felt she didn’t belong here,” Holt continues. “It was just, ‘You’re on top one day, and then you’re on the bottom.’ But I do think she was still hopeful.” Neighbor Jerry Benet, 53, said he once got the courage to tell her he was a fan. “I said, ‘I used to watch your show all the time when I was a kid.’ And she smiled and changed the subject like it was too much to talk about.” Sheriff’s deputies and EMTs arrived at Moran-Fleischmann’s trailer after 4 p.m. on Saturday, followed by a coroner’s van, several neighbors said. Authorities would not publicly confirm where Moran was found when she died. “I had a sinking feeling it was Erin,” says Holt. Moran, best known for her role as Joanie Cunningham on Happy Days and Joanie Loves Chachi, married Fleischmann in 1993. The couple moved into Fleischmann’s mother’s trailer in Indiana so Moran could act as her caregiver, her publicist confirmed to ABC News in June 2012. Before they moved to Indiana, TMZ reported that Moran’s Palmdale, California, home had been foreclosed on. Moran also appeared on The Love Boat, Murder She Wrote and The Bold and the Beautiful. Show Full Article Sponsored Stories More People Logo Celebrity Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' Books 22 Super-Revealing Celeb Memoirs to Read Right Now TV Why RHOA's Shereé Whitfield Stayed Silent About the Alleged Abuse She Received from Her Ex More Erin Moran Said Her First Husband Struggled with Her Fame, Wanted Her to be ‘Unrecognizable’ Anti-Fur Protesters Disrupt Kylie Jenner’s Las Vegas Appearance Gwyneth Paltrow Hangs out with ‘Best Girls’ Demi Moore and Sara Foster at Star-Studded Birthday Bash Erin Moran's Tragic Life After Happy Days: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park Happy Days Cast Remembers Costar Erin Moran: She 'Made Everyone Around Her Feel Better' Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Amber Heard and Tesla Founder Elon Musk Show PDA During First Public Outing in Australia 2 Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' 3 ‘I Don’t Know Where to Start’: Kim Zolciak-Biermann’s 4-Year-Old Son Hospitalized After Being Bitten by Dog 4 Burt Reynolds, 81, Makes Rare Public Appearance While Promoting New Film 5 Erin Moran's Tragic Life After Happy Days: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Monday, April 24, 2017 Kingston, ON 7° Clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local In the courts, March 6-10, 2017 By Kingston Whig-Standard Sunday, April 23, 2017 8:51:44 EDT PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error In the Courts A compilation of offences from Kingston's Ontario Court of Justice for the period of March 6 to 10, 2017. Only sentences that involved a large fine, probation or incarceration are included. Alicia D. Atkins, 42, was convicted of stealing an $8.99 can of spray paint from the 59 Bath Rd. Canadian Tire store last May and a related violation of probation imposed in August 2014 that required her to keep the peace. She was given enhanced credit on six days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Matthew J. Babcock, 32, was convicted of violating bail granted last October in Brockville by failing to live at the residence approved for him in Kingston. He was credited with 30 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Babcock missed a court appearance in Brockville earlier this year and Kingston Police were asked to pick him up in mid-February. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said officers went to the Kingston home of his sister, where he was believed to be living, and learned from her that she hadn't seen him since his court appearance in November. Babcock's lawyer, Francois Dulude, told the judge his client has a drug problem and is essentially without a fixed address. Madyson D. Bathurst, 20, was convicted of violating a release undertaking imposed in Brockville, which forbids her having any contact with her boyfriend. She was given enhanced credit on 20 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Bathurst was charged after she and her boyfriend were found together at his father's home. But Justice Larry O'Brien was told her violation was discovered only incidentally by Kingston Police officers who were actually looking for her boyfriend. Crown attorney Ross Drummond explained that Bathurst's boyfriend was on bail at the time, but when officers conducted a compliance check at his approved residence in early February, he wasn't there. Drummond said his bail surety told them where to find him, however, and disclosed that he was with his girlfriend. Douglas Bruce, 52, was convicted of assaulting his adult daughter and carrying a weapon -- a hammer -- for a purpose dangerous to the public peace. He was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 15 days in jail and probation for two years. Justice Larry O'Brien was told that Bruce has been diagnosed with schizophrenia but doesn't accept the diagnosis and refuses to take medication. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Bruce and his wife separated after a 30-year relationship and he left Kingston for a time. Justice O'Brien was told Bruce and his daughter were involved in a verbal confrontation in mid-February, however, after he dumped garbage on the floor of the garage, looking for cigarette butts. Drummond said she told her father that her mother didn't want him in the garage and he warned her to "get out of my face, you're on thin ice." Then later, as she was cleaning up his mess, Drummond said, Bruce suddenly grabbed his daughter by the throat, pinned her to the kitchen counter and punched her in the face. Bruce's lawyer, Paul Blais, said his client disputes the punch and claims it was a slap. It was sufficient, however, for the family to flee the house while Bruce went into the garage, found a hammer, smashed his daughter's phone and told his family, "the next person who says anything is going to get it." Kingston Police officers showed up and tasered Bruce, Drummond told the judge, although he claims that even though he held onto the hammer he did nothing threatening. Robert M. Bush, 28, was convicted of violating a condition of a release undertaking that forbid him possessing or consuming alcohol. He was fined $500. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Bush was arrested in early March after a Kingston Police patrol constable found him stumbling along, head down, at 2:44 a.m. on Division Street at Raglan Road. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the constable called out to Bush, asking him if he was all right and he replied: "What the f---'s it to you." The constable then asked where he was going and Bush responded: "To my n-----'s, just up there," at which point the constable determined his identity, looked up the terms of his release undertaking and arrested him. Bush's lawyer, Dave Sinnett, disclosed that he's known his client for some time and told the judge almost all of his record is for violating court orders, "and I think alcohol was involved in all of them." He told Justice Larry O'Brien that Bush at one time was enrolled in Queen's University's commerce program and had a bright future ahead of him. His drinking derailed his education, according to Sinnett, who said Bush now works in the building trades. Vanessa J. Chartrand, 27, was convicted of stealing $22.35 worth of snack food from the 357 Bath Rd. Mac's Convenience store in early January, a related breach of probation imposed last October, which requires her to keep the peace; an assault in mid-February on another woman at In From the Cold and a related second breach of her probation by again failing to keep the peace. She was given enhanced credit on 22 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Chartrand was refused a bed at the Montreal Street homeless shelter on Valentine's Day because of her drug activities. She was still being refused two nights later, according to Crown attorney Ross Drummond. But he said one of the attendants at In From the Cold offered her a blanket to stay warm. Some time later that night, he told the judge, the woman heard crying outside and went to check on Chartrand, who suddenly lunged and struck her before she could get back through the door. Drummond said Chartrand was later found by Kingston Police sitting at a bus stop. Devon S. Farrant, 28, was convicted of committing mischief by intentionally damaging an interior glass door at 362 Montreal St., the municipal services building that contains Kingston's housing and social services department, Ontario Works offices, and the city's traffic and Provincial Offences Act courts. He was given enhanced credit on 23 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to 10 additional days in jail, probation for 18 months and was ordered to pay $268.56 restitution within the term of his probation for the damaged door. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Farrant became upset in late January when he was refused assistance by the city. In response, he kicked the office's glass door, shattering it. Justice Larry O'Brien was told that Kingston Police arrested Farrant two weeks later when he turned up again at the building shortly before 1 p.m. in the afternoon. Farrant's lawyer, Clyde Smith, claimed his client actually went to the building, however, to apply for Ontario Works benefits. He told Justice O'Brien the application process involved using a computer program that proved frustrating and ultimately defeating for Farrant, and he lashed out at the door in response. Smith also disclosed that his client has a crystal meth problem and hasn't worked in a couple of years. Farrant told the judge he's now decided to apply for benefits from the Ontario Disability Support Program. Tyler D. Henderson, 23, was convicted of impaired driving. He was fined $1,800 and prohibited for one year from driving. Henderson was charged in mid-December after Kingston Police were dispatched to Division and Concession streets to deal with two motorists who were reported to be arguing and on the verge of exchanging blows. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said officers arrived to find Henderson and his blue 2004 Cavalier, which had sustained significant front-end damage. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the driver of the other vehicle, an older model truck with a solid steel bumper, had left the scene in the face of Henderson's anger, but returned after police arrived. Henderson, the judge was told, claimed the truck had cut him off, while the truck's driver said Henderson was behind him as he turned off Alfred Street and both men claimed the impact occurred in different locations. Drummond said, as near as could be ascertained by police, it happened somewhere between Alfred and Division streets. Subsequent breath testing of Henderson produced readings of 170 mg and 160 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of his blood -- double the legal limit to drive -- and Drummond urged a fine of $2,000. Henderson's lawyer, Mary-Clare MacKinnon, argued for a fine of $1,300 to $1,400, noting that the driver of the truck also had alcohol in his system. She told Justice O'Brien he wasn't charged, but his readings, which were between 85 and 91 mg per 100 ml of his blood, were just over the legal limit. The truck sustained little damage in the collision, the judge was told. Nicholas D.C. Holmes, 41, was convicted in Sharbot Lake of impaired driving. He was sentenced to 60 days in jail and prohibited from driving. Jennifer Kennedy, 34, was convicted of assaulting her mother in mid-January by pushing the older woman into a wall, and later assaulting a Kingston Police constable with a weapon -- a pair of thrown scissors -- that hit him in the leg. She was given enhanced credit on 15 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 22 days in jail and probation for two years. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Kennedy has mental health problems and she and her mother argue frequently when they're together. The day of the assault, he told Justice Larry O'Brien, Kingston Police showed up in response to complaints about a disturbance. Kennedy's mother told them she no longer wanted her daughter in her home, the judge was told, and two officers tried to talk her into leaving. She refused, told them she'd kill them if they entered the bedroom, where she was seated on a mattress and flung the scissors without warning. Drummond said she was finally removed, but not without resistance: she punched, kicked and tried to bite the same officer she'd already hit with scissors. Defence lawyer Mike Woogh said Kennedy has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and has been on Ontario Disability Support Program benefits for 11 years. He told Justice O'Brien she plans to live with her father following her release from jail. Wayne D. Kimberley, 62, was convicted in Sharbot Lake of public mischief and failing to comply with a police demand for a breath sample. He was sentenced to a total of 45 days of intermittent jail on weekends and prohibited from driving. Lucas J. Laboucan, 18, was convicted of stealing an iPod Touch from Staples in the Gardiners Road RioCan Centre in late October; a related violation of probation that required him to keep the peace; and a subsequent bail breach in early March after he failed to report to the John Howard Bail Supervision Program. He was given enhanced credit on five days of pretrial custody, sentenced to time served and probation for 12 months. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Laboucan picked out a 32 GB iPod Touch, took it to the cashier and tried to pay with a debit card. However, the transaction was declined twice, according to Crown attorney Ross Drummond. The cashier, meanwhile, had already bagged the device, anticipating its purchase, he told the judge. When his second attempt to pay was frustrated, Drummond said, Laboucan grabbed the bag and fled. He was arrested by Kingston Police the following day. The iPod Touch was recovered and Laboucan was later released on bail. In urging time served, defence lawyer Connie Baran-Gerez told the judge her client has significant mental health, cognitive and substance abuse issues and reminded him that Laboucan had previously appeared before him for stealing cough syrup. Ashley L. Litchfield, 31, was convicted of an early February theft of $314.64 worth of goods from Walmart. She was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Litchfield arrived at the Midland Avenue store in a Modern Taxi around 9:20 p.m. and very quickly captured the attention of the store's loss prevention officer. He told Justice Larry O'Brien she was observed stuffing numerous items in her pockets, and after a while the taxi driver who'd delivered her to Walmart joined her inside the store. Drummond said the man was seen to hand some things to Litchfield, which she immediately concealed. They then parted company: she headed to Walmart's shoe department and, Drummond said the taxi driver took some items to one of the cashiers, paid, and left to sit outside in his cab. Litchfield later went through the cash as well, paying for several pieces of merchandise, but not the bulk of her shopping, which was secreted inside her clothes. She was intercepted when she tried to leave, however, and the merchandise was recovered. Defence lawyer Paul Blais reminded Justice O'Brien that Litchfield has a drug problem. He observed that she's committed similar crimes many times before and said "she doesn't seem to want help." Kevin MacFarlane, 30, was convicted of violating probation he received last May by failing to report to his probation officer. He was given enhanced credit on 28 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Ryan McAvany, 30, was convicted on two counts of violating probation he received in October 2016, by failing to keep the peace and by consuming an intoxicant. He was given enhanced credit on 17 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to time served. Justice Larry O'Brien was told McAvany was with two other men, walking near Benson and Division streets in late February around 4 a.m., when they attracted the attention of a Kingston Police patrol. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said McAvany's companions ran off when the police cruiser approached, but McAvany pulled off his shirt, approached the cruiser and laid his naked torso against the front of the vehicle. Drummond said his face was bloodied and he appeared to the officers to be challenging them to fight -- but then he ran away, leading them to suspect that he was under the influence of drugs. Christopher S. Nelson, 22, was convicted of threatening to burn his landlady's home and property in late January; a related violation of probation he received in March last year that requires him to keep the peace; and an additional probation breach arising from his failure to report to his probation supervisor between August and early October last year. He was given enhanced credit on 49 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 46 days in jail beginning March 31, and was placed on probation for two years. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Nelson, when he made his threat, had been living in the complainant's house for three months, but he was about to be evicted. He told Justice Larry O'Brien the landlady was upstairs, cleaning and doing dishes, which would have been apparent to Nelson when he began screaming that he was going to burn the house down and fire bomb the place. He also yelled, "I'll kick your teeth in, if you go into my room again." Nelson's defence lawyer, Mike Woogh, told the judge that his client has had several short periods of employment, but for the most part has been on Ontario Works since turning 18. Charles M. Serri, 52, was convicted on three counts of theft and three counts of failing to comply with conditions of the court. He was given a six-month conditional sentence and probation for three years. Stephanie J. Seymour, 34, was convicted of an assault committed in 2014. Her sentencing was suspended and she was placed on probation for 15 months. Kyle Thivierge, 30, was convicted of two domestic assaults. He was given enhanced credit on 30 days of pretrial custody, sentenced to a further 90 days of intermittent jail on weekends and probation for three years. Justice Larry O'Brien was told Thivierge slammed his partner into a concrete wall in early February during an argument arising from jealousy, and raised a lump on the back of her head. He then subsequently knocked her backwards onto a bed. Justice Larry O'Brien noted that Thivierge has two prior convictions, as well, for domestic violence involving a different victim. Consequently, Crown attorney Ross Drummond recommended that he receive a sentence of six to nine months in jail, minus his pretrial custody. But defence lawyer Linda Christie prevailed on the judge to impose a shorter sentence he can serve on weekends. She told Justice O'Brien that he has urgent family matters pending, requires medication for his explosive anxiety and has native status and a band card. Drew Y. White, 21, was convicted of assault causing bodily harm. He was given a six-month conditional sentence to serve in the community under restrictions and probation for one year. Adam J. Young, 30, was convicted of violating probation he received in mid-January this year by failing to report to his probation supervisor. He was given enhanced credit on 22 days of pretrial custody and sentenced to a further 33 days in jail. Crown attorney Ross Drummond said Young was arrested in early February when Kingston Police officers, responding to a drug overdose call, found him at the scene.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Real Estate Korinne Peachey Real Estate Danielle and Mary Ambrose 55+ & Seniors RUST CHECK Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Hot Topics: Rosebud Motel Fire Loveland Recycling Butterfly Sanctuary Colo. Eagles Comeback Have Fun in NoCo Loveland Choral Society Cleveland Ave. Narrowing RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 21-23, 2017 Posted:   04/23/2017 06:26:34 PM MDT Notable Calls Friday • 1 p.m. Criminal mischief, 500 block of West Eisenhower Blvd. • 1 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Canyon Collectibles, 213 E. Fourth St. • 2 p.m. Shoplift in progress, Hobby Lobby, 3133 N. Garfield Ave. • 2 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 2 p.m. Forgery/counterfeit, Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 6 p.m. Theft, 300 block of West Ninth Street. • 7 p.m. Burglary, Loveland Feed and Grain, 130 W. Third St. • 8 p.m. DUI, East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Madison Avenue. • 10 p.m. Theft, Wal-Mart Supercenter East, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 10 p.m. Physical disturbance, 3700 block of Butternut Avenue. • 10 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Boise Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. Saturday • Midnight. DUI, 1100 block of Baretta Drive. • Midnight. DUI, West Eisenhower Boulevard and Garfield Avenue. • 1 a.m. Driving under the influence of drugs, 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 8 a.m. Fraud, 4300 block of North Grant Avenue. • 8 a.m. Threats, 200 block of 12th Street Southwest. • 9 a.m. Forgery/counterfeit, Barnes Softball Complex, 405 S. Cleveland Ave. • 10 a.m. Traffic stop, 1900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. Advertisement • 11 a.m. Physical disturbance, 6400 block of Seaside Drive. • Noon. Burglary, 2400 block of Nyssa Drive. • Noon. Motor vehicle accident with injury, 4400-4700 blocks of Fairgrounds Avenue. • 3 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, North Denver Avenue and East First Street. • 5 p.m. Warrant, 1400 block of Lake Drive. • 8 p.m. Physical disturbance, The Ranch — Larimer County Fairgrounds, 5600 Arena Circle. • 9 p.m. Warrant, 900 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 10 p.m. Hit and run, 1700 block of Kokanee Court. • 11 p.m. Hit and run, 2800 block of Katie Drive. Sunday • 6 a.m. Burglary, 2000 block of Grays Peak Drive. • 11 a.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury, Crooked Stick Drive and Fairgrounds Avenue. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Thompson Valley Emergency Medical Services gets new robotic stretchers Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 21-23, 2017 Boulder County elk hunt on open space triggers some dissent   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: Verizon to close its email service, first Windows 10 ARM PCs coming Q4, RIP Harry Huskey By Matthew DeCarlo on Apr 23, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot We have decided to close down our email business. We have decided to close down our email business. Over the years we’ve realized that there are more capable email platforms out there. As a result, we’ve made a decision to get out of the email business, which will allow us to focus our energies in providing you with the best in Internet and TV experiences. We will let you know when it's time to choose how to handle your email account going forward via email. In addition, you'll see a message from us when you log into your email from webmail.verizon.com indicating “Email service notice”. All customers will be given two options on how to handle their email going forward, including the ability to keep their verizon.net email address. Click on “Keep verizon.net email address” or “Use any other email provider” to complete the setup. Verizon.com One-upping the NES Classic Edition with the Raspberry Pi 3 and RetroPie Against my better judgment, I’ve tried a couple of times to snag one of those adorable little $60 mini NES Classic Editions—once when Amazon put some of its limited stock online and crashed its own site, and once when Walmart was shipping out small quantities every day a couple of weeks ago. In both cases, I failed. But the dumb itch of nostalgia can’t always be scratched by logical thoughts like “do you really need to pay money for Super Mario Bros. 3 again...” Ars Technica The Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X (375GB) Review: Testing 3D XPoint Performance Intel's new 3D XPoint non-volatile memory technology, which has been on the cards publically for the last couple of years, is finally hitting the market as the storage medium for Intel's new flagship enterprise storage platform. The Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X is a PCIe SSD using the standard NVMe protocol, but the use of 3D XPoint memory instead of NAND flash memory allows it to deliver great throughput and much lower access latency than any other NVMe SSD. AnandTech Qualcomm: First Windows 10 ARM PC coming in the fourth quarter If you want a Windows 10 PC that doesn’t have an x86 chip from Intel or AMD, your wish will be granted in the fourth quarter. Qualcomm said the first cellular laptop with Windows 10 and its ARM-based Snapdragon 835 will come by the end of the year. “Our Snapdragon 835 is expanding into mobile PC designs running Windows 10,” and it’s scheduled to launch in the fourth quarter, said Steve Mollenkopf, CEO of Qualcomm... PCWorld Linux PC builder System76 plans to design, manufacture its own hardware System76 is one of only a handful of PC vendors that exclusively sells computers with Linux-based software. Up until now, that’s meant the company has chosen hardware that it could guarantee would work well with custom firmware and the Ubuntu Linux operating system. But unlike larger PC companies (think Acer, Apple, Asus, Dell, Lenovo, and HP), System76... Liliputing How cybercrooks put the beatdown on my beats Last month Yours Truly got snookered by a too-good-to-be-true online scam in which some dirtball hijacked an Amazon merchant’s account and used it to pimp steeply discounted electronics that he never intended to sell. Amazon refunded my money, and the legitimate seller never did figure out how his account was hacked. But such attacks are becoming more prevalent of late as crooks increasingly turn to online crimeware services that make it a cakewalk to cash out stolen passwords. Krebs on Security Harry Huskey, pioneering computer scientist, is dead at 101 Harry Huskey, one of the last surviving scientists in the vanguard of the computer revolution, who helped develop what was once billed as the first personal computer because it took only one person to operate, though it was the size of two refrigerators, died on April 9 at his home in Santa Cruz, Calif. He was 101. The NY Times Bleszinski: “AAA is a nearly unsustainable model” The AAA model in increasingly developing into a market in which only the biggest companies can survive - and even then the design of these titles will become more stagnant. That's according to Boss Key Productions founder and Gears of War creator Cliff Bleszinski. Speaking to attendees at Reboot Develop today, the veteran games developer discussed the "really, really weird spot" blockbuster games have found themselves in, and pondered potential solutions. GamesIndustry.biz How much do video game companies make off DLC and add-ons? Around $5B a year The typical price tag for a full-fledged console or PC video game is around $60, but rare is the game that doesn’t also include an array of add-ons — everything from additional game content to new characters to outfits to in-game currency. It’s become such a popular practice that this “extra” stuff is now larger than some entire industries. The Consumerist Pushing the boundaries of common sense reveals Hitman’s true depth. Time for the rubber duck challenge From the hands-on fibre wire to the long-range sniper rifle and everything in between, a life of assassination is a playground filled with deadly toys. Even something as basic as a screwdriver serves multiple purposes, as a diversion, a means to rig a trap or simply as a substitute for a dagger. There are so many options, but today I just want to know one thing: how far can I get using only an exploding rubber duck? Gamesradar The Windows Store still sucks The Windows 10 Creators Update rolled out last week, and for the most part, we're pretty happy with it. There's a nice new Night Light setting that adjusts color temperature at different times of day to help reduce eye strain, troubleshooters and security features have all been moved into central hubs, and though we haven't had a chance to extensively test it yet, Game Mode is a promising new feature that could potentially help players on lower-spec systems. PC Gamer IOT security is hard: Here’s what you need to know Security for anything you connect to the internet is important. Think of these devices as doorways. They either allow access to services or provides services for someone else. Doorways need to be secure — you wouldn’t leave your door unlocked if you lived in the bad part of a busy city, would you? Every internet connection is the bad part of a busy city. Hackaday DRM for the Web is a bad idea The W3C has been considering a new standard: Encrypted Media Extensions (EME). I asked our crawler folks what the impact of the EME proposal could be to us, and what they came back with seems well reasoned but strongly negative to our mission. I have posted the analysis below for the public to consider. Internet Archive I have found a secret tunnel that runs underneath the phone companies and emerges in paradise Calyx is a famous, heroic, radical ISP that has been involved in groundbreaking litigation -- they were the first company to ever get a secret Patriot Act warrant unsealed, fighting for 11 years to overturn the gag order. Boing Boing Power meter for the entire apartment In the weekend I wanted to do something fun for improving the visibility of energy consumption. I ended up with a nice LED display that shows usage in realtime and some cool charts on my phone. Bogdan's Ramblings Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Microsoft is tinkering with tabbed windows, RIP Robert Taylor, doing taxes on a '50s IBM 403 Neowin's 7 Days of IDF announcements, pocket PCs and Windows 10 wonders Weekend tech reading: DOE funds 3.2-gigapixel camera, 10 ad blockers tested, RIP James Flanagan Post a comment 31 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Activision announces 'Call Of Duty: World War II' Check out this amazing video of an all-electric flying car's test flight Windows 10, Office to get feature updates every year on March and September Popular 3-Way Mechanical RGB Keyboard Battle 68 comments User-made patch restores Windows Update for blocked processors 43 comments The Best CPUs: This is what you should get 5 Days of Awesome Wallpapers: Tech Brands and Fanboyism 17 comments Check out this amazing video of an all-electric flying car's test flight Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times Bethlehem Area News Have you seen him? Cops looking for TV-toting thief Updated on April 23, 2017 at 6:52 PM Posted on April 23, 2017 at 6:46 PM By Pamela Sroka-Holzmann pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com Bethlehem Township police are searching for a man they say stole a television from Wal-Mart and fled in a dark SUV. (Courtesy photo)  The theft occurred at about 2 a.m. this past Monday at the store, 3926 Nazareth Pike. The man in store surveillance footage was black and wearing dark pants and a blue long-sleeve sweatshirt. He was seen using a shopping cart. Those who can identify him are asked to call 610-419-8250 or email jmeehan@bethlehemtwp.com. Those wishing to stay anonymous can text "TIP BETHLEHEMTWP" followed by a message to 888777. Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Photo: GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA/AFP/File business Investors push for more info on lobbying at U.S. companies Today 05:25 am JST 0 Comments by john biers NEW YORK Dozens of major U.S. companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." © 2017 AFP Great tours and adventures in Asia's four season playground Choose from hand-picked tours throughout Japan with professional guides in amazing destinations. Outdoor Japan Adventures View More Seminar: Investing in Japanese Real Estate for Beginners Thurs, April 27th in Omotesando, Tokyo, Private Consultations Available Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration GET YOUR ANSWERS AT THE OSAKA CALL CENTER Friendly, multilingual staff are on hand to help you with travel, medical and other information so that you can get the most out of your time in Osaka. OSAKA CALL CENTER Click Here Seminar: Investing in Japanese Real Estate for Beginners Thurs, April 27th in Omotesando, Tokyo, Private Consultations Available Real Estate Japan Inc. Click Here Most Popular 95 lawmakers visit Yasukuni Shrine; Abe sends offering 79 Comments Anger, confusion as Japan revives militaristic edict 73 Comments Protective clothing no longer needed to walk near Fukushima plant 32 Comments Life's illusions catching up with Japan's middle-aged 'parasite singles' 50 Comments Abe vows to resolve N Korea abduction issue 22 Comments View all Business Today 06:45 am JST 0 Comments Fujifilm delays earnings report over NZ unit accounting problems Today 05:25 am JST 0 Comments Investors push for more info on lobbying at U.S. companies Apr. 23 05:42 am JST 1 Comment GM plans to launch 10 electric cars in China by 2020 View all National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
null
Mon, Apr 24, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer ArmChair Quarterback Show Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Mayor McFarland Responds To WGNS' Listener Questions Published: April 23, 2017   Email   Print Murfreesboro Mayor Shane McFarland participated in his popular "Talk To The Mayor" broadcast over WGNS. As always, the city leader received constant questions from local residents. There were several questions that required research. As Mayor McFarland promised, here are answers to those concerns: 1) Property that is on County Farm Road...what are the development plans. This is difficult to answer without knowing which specific property. Only a portion of County Farm Road just south of Joe B Jackson remains in the City. It is mostly developed with City and County residential including Stevens Bend and Chestnut Hill in the City. Stevens Bend is built out and Chestnut Hill has some additional land available for more residential lots. Since a portion of County Farm was renamed Joe B Jackson, many still refer to it as County Farm Road. The City has received a development zoning plan for a retail and commercial center located at Church Street. Its north of Wal-Mart and South of Savannah Ridge Drive. My best guess is that is the subject of the question. Most recently, we have seen a plan for Aldi but nothing recent on the balance of the property. 2) Timeline on West Park Kimley-Horn, the Architect and Engineering firm that is contracted to design the park, provided the projected timeline of construction beginning in June of 2018, with park completion by August of 2019. City Council requested an earlier completion; City staff is working now to shorten the timeline. 3) What are the construction plans for the corner of Hwy 99 and Warrior Drive and what has been going on with the filling? Again, difficult to answer without more information. There are no specific plans at the intersection corners. However, is it possible that the question is regarding Eds Supply, and HVAC equipment supplier that recently opened? City staff have additionally received plans, but no construction documents, for an apartment complex (Riverwatch) and this month Sonic. 4) Bradyville Road.....what's the timeline - A tentative construction timeline as it currently stands is in fall 2019. Murfreesboro's Transportation Department is in contact with TDOT for a detailed time schedule for the project. 5) Broad street.....Bridge work and road patching - Murfreesboro's Transportation Department is working with TDOT on fixing the rough pavement at the utility cuts. 6) Bradyville Pike: Apartment Complex...gravel parking lot..... Without a specific address, City staff researched and noted that there are many gravel drives and/or parking areas on Bradyville Pike. The zoning ordinance requires multifamily (apartments) to have a paved surface for parking. Single-family can be gravel. If this is in reference to an existing established apartment complex, it is possible that gravel was acceptable when it was constructed. 7) Street signs being missed, bent or stolen? - To report any issues with street signs, go to City Main Webpage, type "signs" in the search box and on the Signs page click "reporting missing traffic signs". 8) How do we monitor apartments that are changing their names..... Emergency Services (911) monitors requests by street address which doesn't change even if the property owner or name changes. There are some city services such as new entry sign permits, alarm registration and utilities where name changes may be tracked if there is a change in the service/customer profile. Otherwise, the City is not monitoring apartment name changes. 9) Call Dwight Ogleton 615-487-9670 Assistant City Manager Jennifer Moody contacted Dwight Ogleton and he is requesting that the City consider funding a "Youth Summer Jobs Program" that he says is a program that was previously funded by Community Development under former Director John Minter. From his description, the program sounds similar to the Rutherford Works High School Internship program run by Workforce Development at the Chamber; however, perhaps more targeted to minority and at-risk youth. Jennifer agreed to follow up with a phone call to others, whom he says has more information about the specifics of how the program was run. Dwight was unable to answer whether there is a church or nonprofit entity that would coordinate the program or whether he was looking for the City to administer the program. Related Articles Obituaries (Listen online) #10 of Top 10 Most Expensive TN Homes For Sale is in Murfreesboro Gas Prices Stabalizing GOODWILL Job Fair This Tuesday City Council adopts proposed West Park Master Plan Gas Prices on the Up Swing Beep Beep--Ram's Traffic Forecast Man alleged stabs his girlfriend over a fight regarding a board game in Murfreesboro United Way's Days of Action volunteer event - Thursday - Friday 'Boro Gas Prices JUMP 14-Cents In 7-Days! Read more from: News Tags: Mayor Shane McFarland, Murfreesboro, questions from WGNS listeners        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed Prep Baseball & Softball Coverage Friday, March 17, 2017 9:29 pm Tuesday, April 25 Oakland at Siegel Softball 6:20pm airtime Thursday, April 27 Riverdale at Blackman Baseball 5:50pm airtime   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
Welcome to Wyandotte Daily! Serving Kansas City (Wyandotte County) Kansas for over 45 years! About Wyandotte Daily Business Directory Employment News Sports Police investigating death of two in parking lot at 109th and Parallel Apr 23, 2017 Info Wyandotte Kansas City Kansas, News No comments Kansas City, Kansas, police are investigating the deaths of a man and woman found this morning inside a sport utility vehicle at 109th and Parallel Parkway, in the Walmart parking lot. According to police, there are indications that there may have been high levels of carbon monoxide levels, and the engine of the SUV was running. At this time, according to police, the investigation is continuing and the official cause of death is unknown. Share Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Follow Wyandotte Daily Recent Posts Police investigating death of two in parking lot at 109th and Parallel Overnight standoff ends with suspect in murder case in custody Police investigating homicide near 8th and Troup Community comes together to remember murder victim Community calendar Recent Comments Karen Hernandez on Wyandotte County Ethnic Festival in full swing Mike Miller on Two public meetings planned Wednesday on future of Indian Springs Amy Boesen on Costly repair after vandals tag I-35 signs with graffiti Carol Foster on Large industrial project approved for Turner Diagonal Janice Witt on Indian Springs proposal draws mixed reaction Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 Categories Bonner Springs Business Business Solutions Calendar Communities Edwardsville Edwardsville Election 2017 Employment Events Faith Featured Kansas City Kansas Kansas City Missouri Kansas Speedway KCKCC Leavenworth News Opinions Overland Park Piper Sporting KC Sports T-Bones Turner Area UG News Weather Wyandotte County Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Place your Footer Content here Theme by ThemeZee
Widow of slayed Racine man wants ban of hollow-point bullets - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP OUTDOORS Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER Interactive Futurecast StormTrack9 Weather App School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers On Wisconsin! Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers WIAA THINGS TO DO Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW Widow of slayed Racine man wants ban of hollow-point bullets Posted: Sunday, April 23, 2017 12:15 PM EDT RACINE, Wis. (AP) - A southeast Wisconsin woman whose husband was killed while delivering food wants to pursue a ban on the hollow-point bullets that police say contributed to his death. The Journal Times reports that James Norris was gunned down in March 2016 while delivering food in Racine. Twenty-eight-year-old Alex Adams is charged with first-degree intentional homicide and armed robbery in the incident. Authorities say a surveillance video from a Wal-Mart in Mount Pleasant shows Adams buying the hollow-point ammunition used in the crime. Norris' widow, Stacy Blevins, says she wants Wal-Mart to stop selling the ammunition or do background checks for buyers. Charles Crowson, a spokesman for the Arkansas-based retailer, says hollow-point bullets will continue to be sold and that the ammunition is legal.   Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> A look back at the Antigo Prom Shooting one year later A look back at the Antigo Prom Shooting one year later ANTIGO (WAOW) - It's been one year since a gunman shot two students outside the Antigo High School Prom before being killed by an officer.  More >> ANTIGO (WAOW) - It's been one year since a gunman shot two students outside the Antigo High School Prom before being killed by an officer. More >> DA: Crandon man raped 5 girls, got 1 pregnant, did crude abortion DA: Crandon man raped 5 girls, got 1 pregnant, did crude abortion DA: Crandon man raped 5 girls, got 1 pregnant, did crude abortion DA: Crandon man raped 5 girls, got 1 pregnant, did crude abortion Bizarre black bear in Rhinelander to be released Bizarre black bear in Rhinelander to be released Rhinelander community mourns death of baby Rhinelander community mourns death of baby RHINELANDER (WAOW) - A vigil was held Friday evening for a 20-month-old baby who died in Oneida County. More >> RHINELANDER (WAOW) - A vigil was held Friday evening for a 20-month-old baby who died in Oneida County.More >> Trivia 48 underway in Stevens Point Trivia 48 underway in Stevens Point The first question in the world's biggest trivia competition was asked Friday in Stevens Point.  More >> The first question in the world's biggest trivia competition was asked Friday in Stevens Point. More >> College student killed during hammer throw at track meet College student killed during hammer throw at track meet WHEATON, Ill. (AP) - A college student has died after being struck during a hammer-throw event at a track meet in suburban Chicago. More >> WHEATON, Ill. (AP) - A college student has died after being struck during a hammer-throw event at a track meet in suburban Chicago.More >> Evening Weather Update April 23rd Evening Weather Update April 23rd Nice Monday shaping up Partly sunny, breezy, and mild Monday.  Rain likely late Tuesday and Wednesday. More >> Partly sunny, breezy, and mild Monday.  Rain likely late Tuesday and Wednesday.More >>    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News S.A.V.E. speaker touts the benefits of town living By Chris Barber, Daily Local News Posted: 04/22/17, 8:36 PM EDT | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments PENN >> Friends and members of the S.A.V.E. (Safety, Agriculture, Villages and Environment) environmental advocacy group got a big dose of hard data indicating best directions community planners should take for “smart growth.” At a public meeting on Tuesday evening in the former Dansko building, Joe Minicozzi, urban planner and principal of Urban3, a consulting company, made a strong case for locating stores and businesses in urban centers based on financial returns they would yield for the region. In a lecture and slide presentation before about 100 people, he demonstrated through illustrations of three-dimensional maps-versus-income-production graphs how cities or their rural cousins, small towns, are better off if they renovate and use existing buildings in the middle of town instead of promoting growth in the suburbs or adjacent rural areas. His graphs showed clear spikes in tax revenue generated per square foot in town centers as opposed to businesses on the outskirts that take up many acres of land and produce much lower levels of tax income for communities. Advertisement He took aim at big box stores like Walmart that use a lot of real estate compared to center city stores, but fall far short in tax revenue. They also use up vast areas of open space and, according to reports he obtained, are, ripe for demolition in 20 years. There are also auxiliary costs generated by rural and suburban sprawl communities that don’t immediately stand out, he said, like infrastructure costs and the construction and maintenance of highways — asphalt alone. Counties and municipalities that are planning for the future would do much better, he said, to renovate older buildings in the middle of town rather than permit growth on the outskirts. As for housing, he noted that city life at home is also beneficial, because it puts people within walking distance of their stores and services. One of the best sources of transportation, he said, is human feet. He used the term “soul,” which he used often to describe factors that were more abstract than the hard math that he was using — things like the desire by people to live in the suburbs with big lots rather than in urban areas. He addressed those concerns in two ways. First, that planners have to take into account the personalities of their towns as they go forward, and second, that wisdom dictates advocating for lifestyle changes in attitudes about housing. Fresh off a community conversation of the construction of a parking garage, Oxford Main Street Manager Donna Hosler and economic planner Pauline Garcia-Allen enthusiastically endorsed the message Minicozzi brought. At the recent meeting, Hosler and Garcia-Allen advocated for town growth through the construction of the garage in town. After the S.A.V.E. meeting, Hosler said she gets calls every day from people who are seeking office and retail space inside the borough on the condition that there is parking for their employees and clients. On Tuesday at the S.A.V.E. meeting there was also an update on PennDOT’s proposed plans to for projects in Chatham at Route 841 and north at the intersection of routes 926 and 41. In recent years, S.A.V.E. organization has posted statements questioning the value of a plan proposed by the Chester County Economic Development Council for setting aside sites along the Route 1 corridor in rural and suburban areas for establishment of businesses. S.A.V.E. was formed in 1997 in response to a proposal for a Route 41 bypass around Avondale and Chatham. Since then it has worked for environmental causes that are especially connected to open space and environmental planning. It has also supported projects for historical preservation. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! About the Author Chris Barber is the zone editor of the Avon Grove Sun. She is a lifelong resident of Kennett Square and a graduate of Unionville High School and Carleton College majoring in religion and minoring in astronomy. She is the founder of the Kennett Area YMCA. Reach the author at cbarber@21st-centurymedia.com . Full bio and more articles by Chris Barber Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other April 24, 2017 Dr. Andrew N. Mason named outstanding graduate student The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 10:00 AM, Sunday, April 23 2017 | 138 views | 0  | 2   |  |  slideshow Dr. Andrew N. Mason is the recipient of the 2017 Jim Ed McGee Award as the most outstanding graduate student at Arkansas Tech University. A native of Russellville, Mason was presented with his award during the Arkansas Tech Graduate Council meeting at Tomlinson Hall on Tuesday, April 18. Mason earned a Master of Science in Business Administration degree from Arkansas Tech in May 2016. He previously earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from ATU in 2010 and a Doctor of Pharmacy degree from the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in 2014. Returning to his alma mater to complete a master's degree in business allowed Mason to advance in his career and gain a position in pharmacy management with Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bentonville. "Having the degree helped me stand out and apart from the other people who were applying for the job," said Mason, son of Beverly and Dr. Kevin Mason of Russellville. "It helped me get a job that I love. "What I also like about it is, when you are within the Walmart system, there is so much room for growth. Having this degree will help me move up if and when I am ready for it." Dr. Mary Gunter, dean of the ATU Graduate College and College of Education, presented Mason with his award. Nominees for the Jim Ed McGee Award must have completed their graduate course work with a minimum cumulative grade point average of 3.75. The award's namesake -- Dr. Jim Ed McGee -- served as vice president for academic affairs at Arkansas Tech from 1973 until the time of his passing in fall 1992. His service to Arkansas Tech before attaining the rank of vice president included time as associate professor of education, director of institutional research, director of institutional services and director of development and public relations. McGee's wife, Carolyn, assisted in the presentation of the award on Tuesday. For more information about educational opportunities available through the Arkansas Tech Graduate College, visit www.atu.edu/gradcollege or call (479) 968-0398. Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic In Stock At Best Buy Stores On Monday Posted: Apr 23 2017, 9:49am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 23 2017, 9:57am CDT, in News | Technology News     Buy This Now On Amazon Best Buy stores reportedly hold NES Classic consoles for Monday, April 24. Updated. Best Buy stores are reportedly restocking the NES Classic Edition on Monday, April 24. "NES Classic Editions are being held for Monday 04/24," posted a reputable user on CheapAssGamer. Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Some Best Buy stores already sell the NES Classic on Sunday or are handing out tickets for the NES Classic on April 24. Some NES hunters are already in line this morning at Best Buy stores to make sure not to miss the $59.99 NES Classic. A Minnesota guy got two tickets for the NES Classic sales event on April 24. He shared a snap of the tickets on Twitter. He doesn't have to line up early Monday morning anymore. He can show up within three hours after the doors open to grab his NES Classic consoles. Got 2 tickets for 2 Nintendo NES Classic's at BestBuy after waiting a few hours. Said to be the last shipment of them. Im selling one off! pic.twitter.com/HivC82pcD2— MIKEringhand (@SEEimage) April 23, 2017 The new Best Buy ad does not mention the NES Classic sale. This means that not all stores will have the NES Classic in stock on Monday. This NES Classic sale at Best Buy stores is likely the last time the NES Classic will be available at Best Buy. Nintendo discontinued NES Classic Edition driving up the value of the NES Classic to about $300.  The lowest priced Nintendo NES Classic console sells for $299 on amazon.com. A trip to your local Walmart store can mean a $240 saving or profit, depending on which side you are in the NES hunting game. Nintendo said that there are still new NES Classic consoles coming in April to retailers. We have seen some Walmart stores getting the NES Classic in stock, but only in limited fashion. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On April 13, Nintendo announced to stop production of the NES Classic Edition. The last shipments of the NES Classic arrive through April. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest hack enables the NES Classic to store 2,500 games. The 80s retro console launched on November 11, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, Nintendo has sold 1.5 million NES Classic Edition. New official NES Classic sales numbers for 2017 are expected to be released on April 27. Read the latest Nintendo NES Classic updates. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Moto Z2 Play official renders leaked 12 hours ago, 12:47pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock at Sales Events Scheduled for Last Week of April 15 hours ago, 9:42am CDT Nintendo Switch in Stock on Sunday at Target Stores 16 hours ago, 9:09am CDT Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday 21 hours ago, 3:18am CDT New Types of Blood Cells Discovered in Human Body 1 hour ago China Takes a Crucial Step Toward Building its Own Space Station 10 hours ago, 2:24pm CDT Best new jailbreak tweaks for iOS 10 and iOS 10.2 12 hours ago, 1:13pm CDT All We Need To Know About iOS 11 12 hours ago, 1:00pm CDT Avatar Sequels Get Release Dates 14 hours ago, 10:35am CDT iPhone 8 Dummy Leaks from Foxconn 16 hours ago, 8:57am CDT The Most Interesting Science News Stories of the Week 18 hours ago, 7:07am CDT iMac Pro is in the Works 20 hours ago, 5:01am CDT 2017 iMac and iMac Pro: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know 20 hours ago, 4:34am CDT Space Debris Poses a Major Threat to Spacecrafts and Satellites, ESA Says 1 day ago, 5:29pm CDT Scientists Discover a New Phenomenon in Night Skies 1 day ago, 3:08pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News NES Classic in Stock at Best Buy Stores on Monday Nintendo Switch in Stock on Sunday at Target Stores   Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday iMac Pro is in the Works Technology News Moto Z2 Play official renders leaked 12 hours ago, 12:47pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock at Sales Events Scheduled for Last Week of April 15 hours ago, 9:42am CDT Nintendo Switch in Stock on Sunday at Target Stores 16 hours ago, 9:09am CDT Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday 21 hours ago, 3:18am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News New Types of Blood Cells Discovered in Human Body 1 hour ago China Takes a Crucial Step Toward Building its Own Space Station 10 hours ago, 2:24pm CDT Best new jailbreak tweaks for iOS 10 and iOS 10.2 12 hours ago, 1:13pm CDT All We Need To Know About iOS 11 12 hours ago, 1:00pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium TIME Health Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Celebrity News Watch PEN Photos Style Celebrity Food Royals Premium Shop RIP Erin Moran's Tragic Life After Happy Days: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park By Gabrielle Olya•@GabyOlya Posted on April 23, 2017 at 9:54am EDT Share Tweet Email After appearing on the hit sitcom Happy Days and the spin-off Joanie Loves Chachi, Erin Moran — who was found dead at age 56 on Saturday afternoon in Corydon, Indiana — seemed to have struggled with life outside of the spotlight. Although she did not appear as a series regular after her two shows ended, Moran continued acting on TV, taking small roles on The Love Boat and Murder She Wrote in the ’80s. She also appeared on episodes of Diagnosis Murder and The Bold and the Beautiful in 1998 and 2009, respectively. She also is credited with having small roles in the films Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star, Broken Promises and Not Another B Movie. Moran also appeared on the VH1 reality show Celebrity Fit Club in 2008. Despite working on and off as an actress, Moran reportedly lost her Palmdale, California, home to foreclosure in 2010, according to documents obtained by TMZ. According to the documents, the house was sold at public auction for $291,150. TMZ also reported that Moran refused to leave the home after it was sold and was served with eviction papers. In June 2012, Moran’s publicist confirmed to ABC News that Moran and her husband Steve Fleischmann — a Walmart employee she married in 1993 — had moved into Fleischmann’s mother’s trailer in Indiana so Moran could act as her caregiver. “Erin and her husband did in fact move in with her ailing mother-in-law over a year ago,” Moran’s publicist told ABC News. “They are helping take care of her, as any loving family would do.” However, it appears the couple did not live with the mother-in-law for too long. In September 2012, E! News confirmed that Moran and her husband were staying at a Holiday Inn Express in Corydon. The owner of the hotel told E! News that the couple stayed there for a few days and Moran had “caused a disturbance of some type” but was not kicked out of the hotel. ABC/Getty Images A photographer also told E! News that Moran was often spotted hanging out with locals at bars in Corydon. She apparently remained in Corydon until her death on Saturday. It’s unclear if Moran was currently employed at the time of her death — her last listed acting credit is 2010’s Not Another B Movie, though she continued to make appearances as herself on reality TV through 2012. In 2012, Moran reached a legal settlement for an undisclosed amount after suing CBS for breach of contract, claiming that she had not been paid for merchandising relating to Happy Days. Show Full Article Sponsored Stories More People Logo Celebrity Happy Days' Erin Moran, Best Known as Joanie Cunningham, Has Died at 56 Celebrity Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' Books 22 Super-Revealing Celeb Memoirs to Read Right Now More Erin Moran Said Her First Husband Struggled with Her Fame, Wanted Her to be ‘Unrecognizable’ Anti-Fur Protesters Disrupt Kylie Jenner’s Las Vegas Appearance Gwyneth Paltrow Hangs out with ‘Best Girls’ Demi Moore and Sara Foster at Star-Studded Birthday Bash Erin Moran's Tragic Life After Happy Days: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park Happy Days Cast Remembers Costar Erin Moran: She 'Made Everyone Around Her Feel Better' Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Erin Moran’s Neighbors Say She Was ‘Full of Energy’ Before She Died in Her Mother-in-Law’s Trailer 2 Amber Heard and Tesla Founder Elon Musk Show PDA During First Public Outing in Australia 3 Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' 4 ‘I Don’t Know Where to Start’: Kim Zolciak-Biermann’s 4-Year-Old Son Hospitalized After Being Bitten by Dog 5 Burt Reynolds, 81, Makes Rare Public Appearance While Promoting New Film See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Elizabeth Thomas Reunites With Family Vishakha Sonawane International Business Times April 23, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Elizabeth Thomas was missing for more than a month before being found in a remote region in northern California.More Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teen who was allegedly kidnapped by ex-teacher Tad Cummins, has been reunited with family and needs to re-acclimate to the community, the girl’s friend said, according to a local news outlet. Elizabeth was found Wednesday in northern California after being missing for over a month. "I ask that people give the Thomas family their space. They are going through an absolute roller coaster of emotions at the moment," Caleb Banks, 15-year-old Elizabeth’s friend told CBS-affiliate WHNT 19. "This family has been going through this for almost a month and a half and with something like that you have to mindful of their feelings." Elizabeth and 50-year-old Cummins disappeared March 13. The teen was Cummins' student at Maury County’s Culleoka Unit School, where the latter taught health science. Following the alleged kidnapping, Cummins was fired from his job. The two had been on the run for over a month and had TBI confirmed the pair’s reported sighting in Oklahoma City’s Wal-Mart store on March 15. The pair was captured in surveillance footage in the retail store. However, the footage only came to light two weeks later. On April 19, law enforcement authorities located Cummins and Elizabeth in northern California’s remote Siskiyou County, where the student-teacher duo spent one night in a remote cabin in Cecilville in northwest of Redding. After being found, Elizabeth was reunited with her family. "They [the Thomas family] were essentially going into seclusion once they had her back because they did want to be out of the spotlight and to just enjoy being with her," District Attorney General Brent Cooper said, according to WHNT 19. Cummins was charged with knowingly transporting a minor in interstate commerce with the intention to engage in sexual activity. He is set to appear in court in Sacramento, Monday. His wife Jill and daughters Erica and Ashlee issued a statement Friday saying they have no comment or opinion on the fate of the ex-teacher. "Jill, Erica, and Ashlee are glad this chapter of the ordeal is over. … [They] have the utmost respect for District Attorney Brent Cooper and Acting US Attorney John L. Smith and they trust the judicial system to administer justice upon Tad Cummins. Jill, Erica, and Ashlee offer neither comment nor opinion about what should or should not happen to Tad Cummins and leave that up to the capable individuals involved in the judicial system," the family said in the statement. Related Articles Tennessee Teen Found After Long Search Tad Cummins Arrested In California Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Erin Moran’s Tragic Life After ‘Happy Days’: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park 2658 reactions8%63%29% Beach volleyball medalists, Rafa celebrates win and more: April 23 in photos 31 reactions9%78%13% Father of Tennessee teen: She 'may not be exactly' the person she was prior to alleged abduction 1475 reactions3%73%24% Steve Kerr's suffering is hard to watch, harder to live 7 reactions0%40%60% March for Science on Earth Day and more: April 22 in photos 169 reactions3%78%19% Congressional budget battle might hang on Trump's border wall 25 reactions8%78%14% Catch this recent episode of ABC World News Tonight With David Muir Aaron Hernandez Left Multiple Suicide Notes: Report 545 reactions5%70%25% Conjoined Twins Refuse to Be Separated Despite Doctor's Warnings 1875 reactions14%71%15% John Cena and Nikki Bella Go Nude in Celebration of YouTube Milestone 88 reactions9%75%16% March for Science events around the globe 561 reactions6%68%26% Candidate Marine LePen, often compared to Trump, advances in French election 18 reactions12%64%24% Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline 2 reactions Chelsea Clinton had the best response to a crack about her mom not being president 3882 reactions6%65%29% Few clues on casualties at site of huge U.S. bomb in Afghanistan 1395 reactions4%70%26% The smartphone is eventually going to die — this is Mark Zuckerberg's crazy vision for what comes next 309 reactions3%77%20% North Korea says it is ready to strike U.S. aircraft carrier James: LOL FAT BOY IS A JOKE I WAS STSTIONED ON THE USS JOHN F KENNEDY THE CARRIERS HAVE THE ABILITY TO LEVEL A COUNTRY BY ITSELF. NOTH KOREA IS A JOKE. GO TRUMP Join the Conversation 1 / 5 572
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Opinion Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search Opinion Editorial Columns Letters Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close NYT Trump could lower high drug prices Filed under Editorial at 18 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Denton Record-Chronicle Editorial Connect with Denton Record-Chronicle Editorial Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Raise your hand if you have any earthly idea how pharmaceutical companies price the prescription drugs that keep us healthy and, in many cases, keep us alive. Not many hands went up. Most of us leave Walgreens, CVS or Walmart with prescription drug sticker shock. The process that drug companies, insurance companies and pharmacies use to set prices is clear as mud. We mumble to ourselves, "When is someone gonna do something about this?" Now, we learn from Tim Wu, a Columbia University law school professor, that federal law already allows President Trump to do something about price-gouging pharmaceutical companies that raise prices on generic drugs for no rational reason. It's pure profiteering. The Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 empowers the Food and Drug Administration to import drugs whenever they are deemed safe and would save Americans money. The FDA would be bound to obey the president if he ordered cheaper drugs to be imported from foreign countries -- a practice generally forbidden. "If Mr. Trump wishes to show he's serious about his populist promises, the place to start is by declaring war on the price gougers," professor Wu writes. The international pharmaceutical industry is a cynical shell game. Drugs that cost $2 a pill in Canada, for example, might cost $100 a pill in the United States.The industry argues that the FDA cannot fulfill its mission to make sure the $2 pill from Canada is as safe and effective as the $100 pill sold in the U.S. But professor Wu gives the lie to that argument. He says 25 percent or more of the drugs labeled "American made" are actually manufactured in foreign countries. And fully 80 percent of the active ingredients used to produce drugs in the U.S. are made overseas in factories that the FDA already inspects. Those overseas plants ship some pills to Canada and some to the United States. The same pills can cost American consumers 10 or 20 times more than they cost in Canada. Pharmaceutical industry price gougers often jack up prices on drugs that people need to stay alive -- drugs that fight cancer and keep the heart or other vital organs functioning properly. Talk about a captive customer. This practice is criminal. The U.S. Congress is currently held hostage by pharmaceutical industry lobbyists and their campaign contributions. Lawmakers have proven they will not come to the aid of financially strapped Americans. As professor Wu points out, Trump is positioned to use his executive power to invoke the Medicare Modernization Act to thwart egregious cases of price gouging. "President Trump ran as an economic populist who would take on industry on behalf of the people," he wrote. "Here, the people clearly want something done. All it really takes is a chief executive who has the courage that he claims." Only the pharmaceutical industry would disagree. Comments Tags Editorial Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to Opinion More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Log In / Sign Up {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: How Big Data Is Disrupting Retail DZone's Guide to How Big Data Is Disrupting Retail In the same way TV advertising in the 50s and the internet in the 90s revolutionized how companies do business, data analytics is disrupting the retail industry today. by Kevin Rands · Apr. 23, 17 · Big Data Zone Free Resource Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Need to build an application around your data? Learn more about dataflow programming for rapid development and greater creativity.  There’s no denying that Big Data has changed the way retailers target and interact with their customers. In much the same way TV advertising in the 50s and the internet in the 90s completely revolutionized the way companies do business, data analytics is disrupting the retail industry today. In times past, predicting trends was largely a guessing game marred by trial and error. Businesses now rely on years of aggregate data to make shockingly accurate predictions and create sophisticated customer profiles. Data analytics is what allowed Walmart to dominate brick and mortar retail in the 90s before Big Data was even a term, and it’s what led Amazon to the forefront of internet retail in the early 2000s. But while Big Data was once reserved for large corporations, modern computer hardware paired with easy access to powerful algorithms has brought it to the masses. Today, retailers large and small are leveraging the power of aggregate data to make more informed decisions and improve their customer’s shopping experience. Let’s take a look at how Big Data is disrupting retail today and how that might change in the future. Accurate Predictions Who wants to buy my product? What else do they want to buy?  Where, when, and how does my ideal customer like to spend their money? Those are the billion dollar questions that retailers are answering more accurately than ever before by analyzing Big Data. Data analytics allows businesses to focus their efforts on people who will actually buy their product instead of people who they think will buy their product. It also aids in predicting consumer demand so companies can prepare for market changes instead of reacting to them. A customer profile once amounted to “male, 20-70, construction worker” and a product didn’t go on sale until nobody wanted to buy it. Now, you have a customer profile so detailed it could have its own Facebook page. Items go on sale gradually before their demand is gone. Big Data hasn’t simply changed who business's target though; it’s changed how they target them, as well… Personalization Although the internet has been the driving force behind retailers trying to reach a broader audience in recent years, that’s starting to change as companies use data analytics to narrow down their efforts. It may seem counterintuitive, but companies who alienate the masses breed the most loyal customers. Think of brands like Apple or Harley Davidson who have fans, not just customers. They’re not successful because they appealed to the largest audience, they’re successful because they secured a loyal group of brand ambassadors who now do the bulk of the work for them. Thanks to Big Data, businesses are starting to realize that reaching out to everyone on every platform is a poor strategy. Ultra-specific leads to ultra-high ROI. Optimized Pricing and Payment As I mentioned earlier, retailers are using data analytics to determine more accurate product prices and predict the ideal time to begin reducing the price of an item. However, the major change that’s coming from a consumer perspective is when you pay, not how much. Big Data has revealed a vast number of consumers get right up to the checkout when visiting a store online only to leave at the last moment without completing their purchase. The theory is that they couldn’t find their debit/credit card or got distracted when going to get it and never came back. The solution is a switch from instant-payment to invoicing. As online payment technology becomes more secure and we develop better methods of digital fraud prevention, you can expect a shift in retailers from prepaid to payment-upon-delivery or something similar. Data as a Commodity, Not an Expense When it comes to the future of Big Data in the retail industry, this is the biggest thing for businesses to focus on. In the past, data collection has been viewed as an operating expense and proving ROI has been difficult in the long-term and impossible in the short-term. However, retailers have started to realize just how much potential revenue is lying dormant in all that aggregate data they collect. Many businesses in completely separate market share a similar customer demographic. As companies get more comfortable dealing with aggregate data and the technology used to analyze it becomes more universalized, we can expect the data itself to become a product. Analyzing the data will be an expense, but the data will simply be another commodity to buy and sell. From Walmart to Amazon and your local corner store, Big Data has permanently changed how the retail industry does business. And while we can’t know for sure what the future has in store, one thing is certain: you need to step on Big Data right now or it will step on you. Check out the Exaptive data application Studio. Technology agnostic. No glue code. Use what you know and rely on the community for what you don't. Try the community version. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Big Data Analytics for the Retail Industry The Importance of Big Data for Online Retailers Hadoop Opens New Doors for Big Data in the Retail Industry Free DZone Refcard R Essentials DOWNLOAD Topics: retail ,big data ,data analytics Like (2) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources Architecting and Building Big Data Lakes Zaloni Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply An Intro to Dataflow Programming for Data Applications Exaptive Using Metadata to Organize a Data Lake Zaloni Making Service-Oriented Architecture Serve Big Data Applications Exaptive How a Data Application is Different Than a Data Visualization Exaptive Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch In Stock On Sunday At Target Stores Posted: Apr 23 2017, 9:09am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 23 2017, 9:58am CDT, in News | Technology News     Buy This Now On Amazon Target stores restock the Nintendo Switch Sunday morning. Updated. Target has advertised the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in the new weekly ad, valid starting today, Sunday, April 23. The inventory alert service iStockNow report as of 4am ET that over 200 Target stores have the Nintendo Switch in stock. The Target.com site is not confirming this information yet for the flagged stores. Don't Miss: Today's Electronics Bargains at Woot.com It is not clear at this point how many Target stores will have the Switch in stock today. The number of Switch in stock will be limited as advertised. Target has over 1,800 stores. If not more than 200 stores will have stock, then it will be not very likely that a local Target will have the Switch today. We will keep monitoring the restocking of the Switch throughout the day. Update: Several shoppers confirmed on social media that their local Target store had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. There are also reports of Target stores with no inventory. This confirms the inventory tracker information above. Only about 20% of Target stores are flagged to have the Switch in stock. Shoppers can check the online availability of the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch continues to be a hard to find item. The supply has slowed down in past days. Walmart stores seem to be the best option has over 1,100 stores are flagged to have a Switch in stock.  Customers who do not find a Switch in stock on Sunday have a big opportunity to find a Switch on Friday April 28. On the release day of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for the Switch, ToysRUs and Best Buy are restocking the Nintendo Switch.  Also, Amazon Prime members can still save 20% on Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. Nintendo announced to have sold over 900,000 Switch consoles in March. The Switch is the fastest selling console in Nintendo's history. To find a Nintendo Switch in stock on Easter, read our updated Nintendo Switch Easter Shopping Guide. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Nintendo Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017. Sony and Microsoft will have a hard time to battle the Switch in Holiday sales. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rests in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region is playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system includes the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two versions of the system are available: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con.  Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Moto Z2 Play official renders leaked 12 hours ago, 12:47pm CDT NES Classic in Stock at Best Buy Stores on Monday 14 hours ago, 9:49am CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock at Sales Events Scheduled for Last Week of April 15 hours ago, 9:42am CDT Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday 21 hours ago, 3:18am CDT New Types of Blood Cells Discovered in Human Body 51 minutes ago China Takes a Crucial Step Toward Building its Own Space Station 10 hours ago, 2:24pm CDT Best new jailbreak tweaks for iOS 10 and iOS 10.2 11 hours ago, 1:13pm CDT All We Need To Know About iOS 11 11 hours ago, 1:00pm CDT Avatar Sequels Get Release Dates 14 hours ago, 10:35am CDT iPhone 8 Dummy Leaks from Foxconn 15 hours ago, 8:57am CDT The Most Interesting Science News Stories of the Week 17 hours ago, 7:07am CDT iMac Pro is in the Works 19 hours ago, 5:01am CDT 2017 iMac and iMac Pro: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know 20 hours ago, 4:34am CDT Space Debris Poses a Major Threat to Spacecrafts and Satellites, ESA Says 1 day ago, 5:29pm CDT Scientists Discover a New Phenomenon in Night Skies 1 day ago, 3:08pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News NES Classic in Stock at Best Buy Stores on Monday Nintendo Switch in Stock on Sunday at Target Stores   Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday iMac Pro is in the Works Technology News Moto Z2 Play official renders leaked 12 hours ago, 12:47pm CDT NES Classic in Stock at Best Buy Stores on Monday 14 hours ago, 9:49am CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic in Stock at Sales Events Scheduled for Last Week of April 15 hours ago, 9:42am CDT Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Best Buy on Friday 21 hours ago, 3:18am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News New Types of Blood Cells Discovered in Human Body 51 minutes ago China Takes a Crucial Step Toward Building its Own Space Station 10 hours ago, 2:24pm CDT Best new jailbreak tweaks for iOS 10 and iOS 10.2 11 hours ago, 1:13pm CDT All We Need To Know About iOS 11 11 hours ago, 1:00pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
skip to main content Your Source for NPR News Site Menu DONATE Menu Regional News Broadcast Schedule Program Schedule Public Radio Presents Schedule Tuned to Yesterday Schedule Local Programming Campbell Conversations Community Forum Series HealthLink on Air New York in the World Take Care Tuned to Yesterday All Programs Podcasts Campbell Conversations From the Soil with Sollecito Nature of Things with John Weeks The Strategic Minute Take Care Tuned to Yesterday Tuned to Yesterday Dialer Events All Events Event Calendar Submit an Event Support How to support WRVO Become an Underwriter Car Donation Program Cornerstone Society Donate MemberCard Sustaining Program Volunteer About Us About WRVO Public Media Announcements Transmitter Status Mobile Streaming Contact Us Directions Email Newsletters Programs Weather Our Staff Employment Internships Facebook Twitter Awards Search WRVO Public Media WRVO Public Media WRVO-2: PRX Remix WRVO-3: BBC World Service Menu Regional News Broadcast Schedule Program Schedule Public Radio Presents Schedule Tuned to Yesterday Schedule Local Programming Campbell Conversations Community Forum Series HealthLink on Air New York in the World Take Care Tuned to Yesterday All Programs Podcasts Campbell Conversations From the Soil with Sollecito Nature of Things with John Weeks The Strategic Minute Take Care Tuned to Yesterday Tuned to Yesterday Dialer Events All Events Event Calendar Submit an Event Support How to support WRVO Become an Underwriter Car Donation Program Cornerstone Society Donate MemberCard Sustaining Program Volunteer About Us About WRVO Public Media Announcements Transmitter Status Mobile Streaming Contact Us Directions Email Newsletters Programs Weather Our Staff Employment Internships Facebook Twitter Awards Search Related Program:  Campbell Conversations Stephanie Miner and Joanie Mahoney on the Campbell Conversations, part 2 By Grant Reeher • Aug 10, 2014 Related Program:  Campbell Conversations TweetShareGoogle+Email Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner, left, and Onondaga County Executive Joanie Mahoney, center, speak with Campbell Conversations host Grant Reeher Listen Listening... / 23:45 When Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner sent a letter to President Obama offering to host undocumented Latin American children at a former convent, a spirited version of the immigration debate erupted in the area.  On this week's edition of the Campbell Conversations, host Grant Reeher continues his interview of both Miner and Onondaga County Executive Joanie Mahoney.  They discuss the  hosting decision, and also have a more general conversation about leadership and politics in the region. Note: Part 1 of the conversation can be heard here. See the transcript below for highlights of the conversation. GR: The New York Times has recently reported on the extent to which Governor Cuomo’s office involved itself in, even apparently obstructed, the work of the Moreland Commission.  County Executive Mahoney, you were a member of that commission.  Do either of you think that there has been significant reform of the political system in Albany over the past three years.  If so, what is it? SM: I guess that is kind of like asking, "When did you stop beating your wife?"  As long as we see politicians who are dragged out in handcuffs from their offices in Albany, the answer is no, there hasn’t been.  What is troubling for me is that this makes it hard for all of us, elected officials, to do our job.  Part of being an elected official is telling people things that they don’t want to hear, and when they have it in their mindset that there are other politicians who are lying or not being honest or are under the veil of corruption, it makes it much more difficult for all of us to do our job in a time when it is very difficult to be an elected official. JM: I would agree with the Mayor that it makes it very difficult for us to work in this world, because there is an incredible amount of cynicism surrounding politics.  But I think that has gone on for a long time. When I was asked to participate in this Moreland Commission, one of the first things that I said as a commission member inside our meetings was, we need to change the policies. You can spend the next year looking at individual donors or individual elected officials that have gotten in trouble, and maybe even have wild success and get rid of all the trouble-makers, but that vacuum is very quickly  going to be filled with more trouble-makers if you don’t change the policies.  I think we spent a lot more time talking about individual investigations and not about changing the big policies.  There was some progress that was made--there’s certainly more that can be made--but I think that anybody who rolls up their sleeves and tries to take this on should be focusing not on the individuals but on the policies that make the fraud possible. GR: The last and possibly the final installment in the effort to bring back the Hotel Syracuse downtown is getting underway. Ed Riley has purchased it and it’s the beginning of another long, complicated process that if it works, will have to involve the ongoing financial support of city and county government. How important is having a hotel like the Hotel Syracuse located downtown? SM: The Hotel Syracuse is an architectural landmark, it anchors the southern end of our downtown, and it needs to be renovated and viable for us to have a fully functional downtown, which then leads to a fully functional city and community. It’s an integral piece to our overall community and economic development. GR: Are the two of you be inclined to support Riley on loans or tax credits and if so, are there any particular instruments that are best? JM: I think people might be surprised to learn how much Stephanie and I have worked together on this.  This has been a joint effort between the City of Syracuse and the county to the point where every Monday morning Stephanie’s Economic Development director meets with the Deputy County Executive and Ed Riley.  They have shepherded this through, and we have made commitments to the project. The county has redirected the state funding that we received for our Convention Center Hotel and the city agreed to take it by imminent domain. This has been a real hand-in-glove [process]; we know what he is going to need and we are committed to his success. SM: Absolutely, and to join this point, I think Ed would be the first to say that he wouldn’t be in this position had it not been for the city and county working closely to support him and help him move this project along. GR: It doesn’t sound like then that one would anticipate any big conflicts in terms of support and the financing. SM: I think the only conflict you would see is if something was wildly underestimated and more commitment in it needs to be made, but right now there’s a big commitment from the community that Ed says is enough to get it across the finish line. GR: There was a recent report that in 2013 Madison, Onondaga, and Oswego Counties lost 2200 jobs, while the State as a whole gained jobs.  Aside from giving tax breaks or loans, what are the most important things that local governments can do to help businesses develop and create more jobs? SM: Well it is education, and it is making sure that you have an educated workforce. We have a hard-working workforce that has a tremendous work ethic. What we are doing at the city level with the City School District is partnering with our light manufacturers and our other business entities who are constantly saying to us, we have openings for people, for jobs but we can’t get the right kind of skills or people with these skills. So we are looking to line up our curriculum to make sure that we are giving young people and others the kind of skills and workforce development necessary that the marketplace demands. JM: The criticism is that we pick winners and losers, and to some extent we do. I don’t want that to be the case, but the world exists as it exists. I can’t--just because I am personally opposed to these--I can’t say on behalf of Onondaga County we are not going to do that, we are going to step back and let the free market play, when Connecticut and Pennsylvania and the states around us, New Jersey, are all giving away all these incentives. GR: It does seem to me that at some broader level a lot of this is a zero-sum game. JM: I think the solution has to come at the federal level. I think if we were to make decisions at a federal level that would make America more competitive, it would be better than pitting communities against each other on a local level or even the state level. But I am playing the hand I’ve been dealt, and I am going to compete for jobs for Onondaga County as long as I am County Executive.  We are going to make the decisions based on a return on our investment and that’s the calculation. We focus our decision through the prism of what is best for the next generation. We have to have jobs if these people are going to call Central New York home.  We have made it way more complicated than we need to, but it is not something that Stephanie can get on her horse and say I’m opposed to all of these, count Syracuse out. I am not going to say that on behalf of the county, so we continue to take the criticism that we take to make the best decisions we can. SM: I think what you have seen us do in the city and also in the county is look at our strengths, and align our incentives to our strengths. We are not out chasing smoke stacks. We are saying here are our areas of real economic viability. They are on technology, they are on higher education, they are in healthcare. And so we are incenting development as a great return on investment on those things. We are not out chasing and saying we are going to compete with Pennsylvania for some retail jobs, or the next Wal-Mart or Sams’s Club. It really is about having a rational basis, and saying for every public dollar of investment in that project, we need to have at least two dollars back in terms of return. GR: The question of undocumented alien children who are stopped at the border being brought to Syracuse temporarily--Mayor, was this your idea originally to bring them here, or did someone come to you with this? SM: The federal [Department of] Health and Human Services [HHS] alerted me that they were in the process of reviewing what I call the convent school as a potential to house unaccompanied minors who are coming across the border. When that happened I called them and talked to them about the process and participated in a conference call with a number of other people across New York State, and it was very clear to me in my conversations, and of course reading the newspaper and watching what was going on, that not many people were welcoming these children.  When I said to HSS we would welcome them here and do what we can to facilitate this, they were thoughtful and gracious about it.  I decided to write a letter to the president to expedite the process, so it wasn’t happening behind closed doors.  This is something we in Syracuse have a proud tradition of doing, and we are happy to do that. We can expedite this process to give these children a place of safety and compassion. JM: I know there has been some concern on the part of the County Legislature whether this would be some strain on the county budget.  The Mayor’s understanding thus far is that communities will be self-contained and that everything that the children need would be available on site and paid for by the federal government. The keyword for me in your question is children, the fact that we are dealing with children changes everything for me. We have to make sure the kids are taken care of. And if there is a role for any of us to help take care of the kids until a much bigger, more complicated problem gets solved--I mean, you can point fingers all day toward the federal government for the lack of an immigration policy that has worked, but right now there are children that are away from their families that need to be taken care of. GR: There is a concern that somehow at the end of the day it is going to cost the city money.  The federal government won’t pay for everything. SM: I am confident in both the conversations that I had early on and in written conversations that the federal government picks up the costs associated with this facility. Now, are they going to use our water? Of course. If a child breaks his arm on the facility are they going to go to our hospital? Of course.  But you know, our proudest tradition as Americans is when we welcome people, particularly refugees.  The people of this city--whether it is migrant grandparents who came here from Ireland or whether it is the people we have today coming from Bhutan and Iraq and South Sudan--we have welcomed them and said, your experience is our experience.  We are a better community when we welcome everyone. JM: And you know you are going to hear from people in response to what you just said, is that these folks aren’t in the same political category. GR: They're not here legally, for one thing. JM: Right, and my response to that is, ok, somebody has failed. Along the way there has been failure, but you have children that are away from their families that need to be taken care of. If there is something I can do to help personally, I’m going to do it. GR: The two of you are in second terms. How are the leadership challenges different in the second term as opposed to the first? JM: In politics there is a shelf-life. People think you are the greatest thing since sliced bread for a minute and then they hate you. So I think it becomes more difficult to sell your ideas as time goes by.  Everybody clamors for change, but when you try to make change or want change, they don’t. I have enjoyed a real amount of encouragement and loyalty from the people who elected me, and I don’t want to exaggerate, but I am in a good place. But as time goes by, my advice to anybody who gets into this business is to learn as much as you can as quickly as you can and hit the ground running, because as time goes by it does get more difficult to do the job. SM: I think there is a tremendous window when you first get in to implement change, and then it does become harder. That’s why they talk about honeymoon periods. What we are also experiencing as leaders is a change in the media.  You used to be able to go to the media and say, “Ok, here’s my idea and here’s why I think it’s a good idea and here’s why I think we would benefit.” But now it has become so diffused--you lose that vessel of the fourth estate and it becomes very difficult to implement change. GR: Each of you has had conflicts with your respective legislatures. SM: I thought you were going to say spouses (laughs). GR: We don’t go there on this program—we aim higher than that. But you’ve had conflicts with your respective legislatures, even among those of your own party. What have you learned from those conflicts? SM: I think conflict and change go hand in hand. And when you are a full-time executive you are with these facts and circumstance and issues twenty four hours a day, seven days a week. A part-time legislature comes in and out, and chooses issues they want to be very active on and which they don’t. So what I have learned is that I need to take more time to explain the rationale behind these policies, because I was assuming that they knew as much as I did, and I was really forgetting the fact that I’m full-time and they are part-time, and most of them have other jobs.  And even though I am saying one thing to one person, it doesn’t mean that it is automatically disseminated to all the others in the same way that I have explained it. JM: My relationship has gotten better over time, and I have learned some of the same things that the mayor just said. You have to take the time to say what it is you are trying to do.  We have a chairman of legislature right now, Ryan McMahon, who came from the Syracuse City council. I’m not sure when the last time you had a city councilor take over as chairman of the county legislature. There was a real city-versus-county when I got here. I came here saying that the city is part of the county, and we are all in this together, but the legislature wasn’t there. Now, with this new chairman, with this new legislature, my relationship has gotten a lot better. But I have learned along the way that I can do better in terms of communicating what it is I am trying to do, and so far so good. GR: Everyone who follows politics says that relationships are incredibly important for making the system work well. Your own relationship, however, seems to get a different kind of scrutiny. SM: Because we are both women? GR: Well, why do you think it is such a dissected topic? JM: It might have to do with the history and the fact that there was always this city and county thing.  We had the city suing the county, the county probably suing the city, and there was this battle.  I think it was a big difference for people to have a city mayor and a county executive that were cooperating. Out of respect for the voters I have committed to working with anybody that the voters send. The voters don’t send Stephanie Miner and send me, and hope that we will prevent each other from getting anything done. The voters have elected Stephanie Miner. I happen to have lucked out, because we had a previous relationship, we were friends. There is a level of trust, we could work together. But I will work with whoever the voters send to me to work with.  That’s my job. And I don’t understand on the federal level, how you can count as a win preventing the other side from accomplishing anything. GR: But the media constantly cover your relationship, and the ongoing story is, “Are they getting along?” JM: There was actually an article in the paper [Post-Standard] that quoted the mayor saying that our relationship is fine, quoted me as saying that it is fine, but the article and the headline was that our relationship was not fine. GR: I remember that piece. JM: It’s ridiculous. GR: I would think that then generates a lot of talk among political people about the relationship, and I would also think that creates some of its own stresses on the relationship, regardless of how things are going. Has that been a challenge? SM: It hasn’t been for me. I think that Joanie and I benefit from being local government officials. We don’t have the option of running away to some place and not dealing with our constituents. We see them in the grocery store, we see them when we are out on the street getting lunch, getting dinner, having coffee. When you are held accountable the second you walk out of your door in the morning to the second you walk in your door, you have a sense of I have got to get these things done. What I have always respected and found really beneficial working with Joanie is she will tell you what she’s thinking, why she is thinking that, and how are we going to move forward. And when you have that in any relationship, but particularly in a political relationship, it just makes it so much easier to get decisions made and to move forward. GR: What are the biggest shortcomings of the political decision making process in this region? SM: I think that there are people who want change, and everybody says that they want change, but it is always a fight to get people to take the inherent risk that change brings with it. And it is a fight against the cynicism that is deeply held in this community, about where we are going and where our future is. JM: The best example that I have is recent. Things take forever in politics and in government. This amphitheater project that we are trying to build--the criticism is I am going too fast, and it is mind-boggling to me. This piece of land that we are talking about building on, you would be a hard-pressed to find another piece of land in the country that has been more studied and more documented. We had to go through all of the federal and state processes to do the loop-the-lake trail that goes over the property right now.  I personally sat down with the top EPA official in this region, and we had a one-on-one conversation. I said I am a mother of children who are going to be sitting on the lawn, listening to the music.  I am not looking to cut corners. I have been assured that it is safe, but almost every email that I have gotten has been slow down, slow down, slow down.  No wonder it takes us so long in government to get anything done. GR:  A reform of perennial interest is campaign financing, and the state is trying to have a very limited experiment with it this year in the comptroller’s race. What authority do local governments have to try things in this arena and if so, have you ever considered proposing something? JM: I actually wrote the dissent with eight other people in the Moreland Commission against the public financing for this state cycle, and it is because of the Supreme Court’s decisions that have come down that have corporations being treated as people and the free speech implications. Given that reality, I think you are throwing good money after bad by just pouring more money into the current system that we have. It will be interesting to see what comes of this but we didn’t have a whole bunch of candidates clamor to run simply because there was public financing. It was one of the things we thought would come from public financing, we’d get far more people.  That has not happened and six-to-one matches on a maximum of $175 is nothing compared to what corporations are able to put into campaigns.  To take hard-working taxpayer money and pour it into a system that’s going to be expensive for taxpayers and at the same time a drop in the bucket for the overall costs, has led me to think that this is not the solution.  I haven’t looked at it at a local level. I don’t know what authority we would have.  We probably we would need state permission to do that because it might be considered a gift. GR:  But there is not going to be the same level of outside money coming in for local races as you would see in a state-wide race. SM: They are subject to a state law that dictates what the campaign maximums are. We couldn’t change that law or do a pilot program here without breaking the state law or having the state change the law just for us. GR: You couldn’t even do a voluntary public matching? SM: I don’t believe so. The state law is very specific about that.  Campaign finance is controlled by the Board of Elections and New York State law. JM: There are people that have very good intentions but the playing field is not what they think it is. [The idea] that if we got public finance we are going to solve all of the mess that campaign finance has created, I haven’t been convinced that that is the solution. SM: I think money is a pernicious factor in politics and raising it is not one of my favorite things to do, but I will do it. But as the county executive points out, the Supreme Court had been pretty clear.  Money is speech. And when they set that down, a mayor from Syracuse and a county executive can’t do a run around it. Tags:  Stephanie Miner Joanie Mahoney immigrants refugees Campbell Conversations TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Stephanie Miner and Joanie Mahoney on the Campbell Conversations, Pt. 1 By Grant Reeher • Aug 3, 2014 Syracuse is facing a host of challenges and opportunities; front and center among them are the replacing of I-81 and the economic development of the city.  On this edition of the Campbell Conversations, Syracuse Mayor Stephanie Miner and Onondaga County Executive Joanie Mahoney sit down together with host Grant Reeher to discuss these key issues.  Note: See the transcript below for highlights of the conversation. Some answers about Syracuse housing Central American children By Ryan Delaney • Aug 11, 2014 Ryan Delaney / WRVO At a community meeting a few weeks ago, questions and comments about Syracuse being used as a shelter site for children flooding into the country from Central America were heaved at Mayor Stephanie Miner for two hours; some written neatly on note cards, others shouted from a crowded room. © 2017 WRVO Public Media
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, April 24, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Style / ENTERTAINMENT NOTES McClinton, Self-Made Men to play at UA-Pulaski Tech By Eric E. Harrison This article was published April 23, 2017 at 1:46 a.m. Boston performs Tuesday at the Walmart AMP in Rogers and Wednesday at Verizon Arena in North Little Rock. Comments aAFont Size Delbert McClinton and the Self-Made Men perform Wednesday at the Center for Humanities and Arts theater of University of Arkansas-Pulaski Technical Co... Dance Theatre of Harlem will be onstage Saturday and April 30 at Memphis’ Orpheum Theatre, including Ingrid Silva (left) and Alison Stroming in Change... Grammy Award-winner Delbert McClinton and his band, the Self-Made Men, will play songs from his recently released 19th studio album at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Center for Humanities and Arts theater, University of Arkansas-Pulaski Technical College, 3000 W. Scenic Drive, North Little Rock. Doors open at 7. Bluesman Doug Duffey will be the opening act. The concert is part of the college's Live at The Charts performance series. Reserved-seat tickets are $59 and $79, $29 for standing room, $10 for students. VIP tickets, $125, include reserved seating, the Ben E. Keith VIP pre-show reception and a commemorative poster. The Ultimate Fan Experience, $200, includes second-row VIP reserved seating, pre-show reception, the poster and a meet-and-greet with McClinton. Visit pulaskitech.edu/delbert. Boston being Rock band Boston, on its Hyper Space Tour, will give two Arkansas concerts this week: • 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Walmart AMP, 5079 W. Northgate Road, Rogers. Doors open at 6. Tickets: $36-$75.50 plus applicable fees. Call (479) 443-5600 or visit amptickets.com. • 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, the Theater at Verizon Arena, East Broadway and Interstate 30, North Little Rock. Tickets: $36-$79 plus service charges. Call (800) 745-3000 or visit ticketmaster.com. Guitarist/composer Composer and guitarist David Leisner will solo in the world premiere of his composition Pranayama and Joaquin Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez with the Symphony of Northwest Arkansas and conductor Paul Haas, 7:30 p.m. Saturday in Baum Walker Hall, Fayetteville's Walton Arts Center, 495 W. Dickson St. The program will also include Robert Schumann's Symphony No. 1, "Spring." Sponsor is Greenwood Gearhart Inc. Tickets are $28-$50, $10 for college students with a valid student ID. Call (479) 443-5600 or visit sonamusic.org. Bluegrass Monday David Davis and the Warrior River Boys (Robert Montgomery on vocals and banjo, Marty Hays on vocals and bass, Phillip James on fiddle and Stan Wilemon on vocals and guitar) will perform at 7 p.m. Monday at Collins Theatre, 120 W. Emerson St., Paragould, part of radio station KASU-FM 91.9's Bluegrass Monday series. The station will literally pass the hat to pay the group; suggested donation is $5 per person. Doors open at 6. Call (870) 972-2367, email mscarbro@astate.edu or visit the Bluegrass Monday Facebook page. UALR ensembles The University of Arkansas at Little Rock wind and jazz ensembles will perform at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Stella Boyle Smith Concert Hall, Fine Arts Building, UALR, 2801 S. University Ave., Little Rock. Admission is free. Call (501) 569-3294. UCA choir The University of Central Arkansas Concert Choir will perform at 7:30 p.m. Monday in the Recital Hall, Snow Fine Arts Center, UCA, 201 Donaghey Ave., Conway. The program, titled "Heavenly Days," includes "Haec Dies" by William Byrd, "Audivi vocem" by Duarte Lobo, "Viderunt Omnes" by J. Michael Haydn, "Denn er hat seinem befohlen" by Felix Mendelssohn, "The White Birds" by Eric Barnum, "Balellaikka" (arranged by Ehan Sperry) and "Great Day" (arranged by Moses Hogan), featuring soprano Veena Akama-Makia. John Erwin conducts. Admission is free. Call (501) 450-5757 or email johne@uca.edu. Kids' theater workshops The Arkansas Repertory Theatre will offer on Saturday three free theater workshops for K-5 pupils -- Act It Out!, 10-10:30 a.m.; Broadway Dance, 10:45-11:15 a.m., and Improvisation, 11:30 a.m.-noon -- at the Black Box Theatre at the Rep Annex, 518 Main St., Little Rock. Children may attend one, two or all three workshops; parents or guardians will need to fill out a release and liability form. For more information and to register, visit therep.org/education/workshops. Harlem dancers Dance Theatre of Harlem will be onstage at 8 p.m. Saturday and 2 p.m. April 30 at the Orpheum Theatre, 203 S. Main St., Memphis. The program will include four works: Darrell Grand Moultrie's contemporary four-movement ballet Vessels; Mexican modern dance choreographer Jose Limon's 1942 solo, Chaconne; Change, choreographed by Dianne McIntyre, performed by three women and set to traditional songs performed by the Spelman Glee Club and an original drum music score; and Return, by the company's resident choreographer, Robert Garland, blending classical ballet and soul music by Aretha Franklin and James Brown. Tickets are $25-$69, $79 VIP. Call (901) 525-3000 or (901) 743-2787 (ARTS) or visit orpheum-memphis.com. Open Studios open Friday at 5 p.m. is the deadline for artists to register for the City of Little Rock Arts & Culture Commission's inaugural Open Studios Little Rock, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. June 10. The event provides an opportunity for locals to meet artists, see the spaces where they work "and experience their creative processes firsthand," according to a news release. The program is open to all visual and performing artists working within the Little Rock city limits; those who might not otherwise be able to let folks into their studios can show their work at the West Central Community Center, 8616 Colonel Glenn Road, Little Rock. There's no charge to participate; the commission will put together a printed guide and an online artist directory. Register and get more details online at tinyurl.com/jw8ftau. Style on 04/23/2017 Print Headline: McClinton, Self-Made Men to play at UA-Pulaski Tech Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Style Place of hope springs from poetry Facebook replies not on button Big night as TV shows run gamut from A to Z Medium does excellent job of keeping viewers ... McClinton, Self-Made Men to play at UA-Pulask... Dumped dude can't let it go Horoscopes by Holiday Bee yourself Treasure hunt More Style stories > Comments on: McClinton, Self-Made Men to play at UA-Pulaski Tech To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rally at Capitol promotes science (11 comments) Doctor's arrest brings attention to U.S. female circumcisions (2 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (30 comments) Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research (17 comments) Former Arkansas college student could face death penalty in triple killing (2 comments) Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations (38 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 46° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Periods of rain. Thunder possible. High 52F. Winds W at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 70%.. Tonight Rain showers in the evening becoming more intermittent overnight. Thunder possible. Low 38F. Winds WSW at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: April 23, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close (Courtesy photo) READER COMMENT Readers Comment: Burley city council should abandon eminent domain effort Apr 23, 2017 0 (Courtesy photo) As the local manager of a locally owned Idaho building-supply store with a 40-plus year history in Burley, I’m writing to voice my opposition to the taking of private property to build what is essentially a driveway for a multinational retail chain, Walmart. A recent article in the Times-News makes it sound like this is a done deal, something which myself and neighboring residents are not convinced. The City Council would do well to consider Idaho values, community safety, and local economic impact before they forge ahead with their plan. In Idaho, private property rights are sacred. Eminent domain is meant to be used rarely and only when strict criteria is met. The taking of private property by the government is almost always a bad deal for the people on the other side. In our case, our lumber yard will suffer a severe negative impact if this project is allowed to move forward. There’s no compensation that could possibly cover that. Franklin Building Supply supports 22 jobs in Burley, all of which pay above the state’s minimum wage. We are a strong believer in giving back to our community, and our employees volunteer their time to various community organizations and contribute their time, talent, and resources to a host of community causes and charities. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Over the years, Franklin Building Supply has been a good neighbor, and we ask the City Council to do the same for us. We support the residents adjacent to our store in their concern for community safety. We live in Burley because of its rural nature and that it’s a safe place to let our kids roam around on foot or by bike. The City Council’s proposed taking would change all that. Many residents voiced their opposition at last week’s City Council meeting, and I expect our local elected leaders will be hearing more from them. I hope you’ll join me in urging the City Council and City Manager Mark Mitton to reverse course and protect private property rights and keep Burley a safe place to live. Call them at 208-878-2224. Jay Tegethoff is general manager of Franklin Building Supply in Burley. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags City Council Politics Commerce Economics Eminent Domain Taking Private Property Resident Property Right Franklin Building × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit a Letter Submit a Letter to the Editor Most Popular UPDATE: Serious injuries in Blaine Co. school bus rollover, police say Declo man pleads guilty to wife's murder Police: Utah road-rage driver ran Oregon couple off I-84 in Cassia County rollover crash 2 Camas County teens missing Trump signs flood disaster declaration to fix Magic Valley roads Most Commented Letter: Time for a recall(14) Readers Comment: The truth about global warming(10) Letter: Clinton investigation was a farce(8) BLOG: Twin city manager asks for more input on 'welcoming city' resolution(8) Brugger: Where are the grown-ups?(5) Latest in section Other view: No wall, no shutdown Stapilus: Ins meet the outs Larson: Pity over a dying man’s Trump-hatred Readers Comment: Why Boy Scouts led the 'welcoming city' charge Other View: We're not teaching the A-B-C's of civics. That's a problem. See All Print Ads Beltone Electronics Corporation - Ad from 2017-04-24 CITY OF HAGERMAN - Ad from 2017-04-24 CITY OF RUPERT - Ad from 2017-04-24 MIDDLEKAUFF AUTO GROUP * - Ad from 2017-04-24 Bulletin Currents Southern Idaho Entertainment The 52 worst sitcoms of all time Southern Idaho Business News The best tech: Headphones, VR, fitness and more Food The best whiskeys under $100 Today In History, April 23: William Shakespeare Today In History, April 22: "Earth Day" Today’s top pics: Another deadly Paris shooting and more Your daily 6: A flying car, the Teacher of the Year, the X-Files Mike Brown is more than capable of leading the Warriors Tim Tebow has his best week in minors with 6 hits LEADING OFF: MLB sorts out trouble in Baltimore, Minnesota APNewsBreak: Dodgers, Yankees cut projected luxury tax bills Latest Local Offers Stevens Pierce & Associates, provides financial and tax services to small to mid-sized business owners across Idaho. Call today to learn more - 208-734-8662 For more than 15 years, residents and business owners of Idaho have relied on Stevens Pierce… Stevens Pierce & Associates, CPA's 320 Main Ave N, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-734-8662 Ads Boise Rigging Supply sells the Highest Quality Fall Protection and Safety Equipment. Call us today: 208-933-4455 Come in to our Twin Falls store to see our full lines of Fall Protection and Safety Equipment. Boise Rigging Supply 573 Addison Ave W, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-933-4455 Ads Finally Spring has Arrived! Blossom into good health at Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies. Click here Addictions like excessive drinking or use of recreational drugs are a way to escape from lif… Intuitive Healing & Natural Remedies 213 3rd Ave. E., Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-731-6267 Currently Open Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO North Korea detains US citizen Surgeon general resigns at WH request India's extreme heat Rubio: Gov't shutdown would be 'catastrophic' Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 24, 2:28 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National What’s Next For Elizabeth Thomas? Student Allegedly Kidnapped By Ex-Teacher Tad Cummins Reunited With Family By Vishakha Sonawane @VishakhaNS On 04/23/17 AT 2:02 AM Close Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teen who was allegedly kidnapped by ex-teacher Tad Cummins, has been reunited with family and needs to re-acclimate to the community, the girl’s friend said, according to a local news outlet. Elizabeth was found Wednesday in northern California after being missing for over a month. "I ask that people give the Thomas family their space. They are going through an absolute roller coaster of emotions at the moment," Caleb Banks, 15-year-old Elizabeth’s friend told CBS-affiliate WHNT 19. "This family has been going through this for almost a month and a half and with something like that you have to mindful of their feelings." Elizabeth and 50-year-old Cummins disappeared March 13. The teen was Cummins' student at Maury County’s Culleoka Unit School, where the latter taught health science. Following the alleged kidnapping, Cummins was fired from his job. The two had been on the run for over a month and had TBI confirmed the pair’s reported sighting in Oklahoma City’s Wal-Mart store on March 15. The pair was captured in surveillance footage in the retail store. However, the footage only came to light two weeks later. On April 19, law enforcement authorities located Cummins and Elizabeth in northern California’s remote Siskiyou County, where the student-teacher duo spent one night in a remote cabin in Cecilville in northwest of Redding. After being found, Elizabeth was reunited with her family. "They [the Thomas family] were essentially going into seclusion once they had her back because they did want to be out of the spotlight and to just enjoy being with her," District Attorney General Brent Cooper said, according to WHNT 19. Cummins was charged with knowingly transporting a minor in interstate commerce with the intention to engage in sexual activity. He is set to appear in court in Sacramento, Monday. His wife Jill and daughters Erica and Ashlee issued a statement Friday saying they have no comment or opinion on the fate of the ex-teacher. "Jill, Erica, and Ashlee are glad this chapter of the ordeal is over. … [They] have the utmost respect for District Attorney Brent Cooper and Acting US Attorney John L. Smith and they trust the judicial system to administer justice upon Tad Cummins. Jill, Erica, and Ashlee offer neither comment nor opinion about what should or should not happen to Tad Cummins and leave that up to the capable individuals involved in the judicial system," the family said in the statement. Related Stories Tennessee Teen Found After Long Search Tad Cummins Arrested In California Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Conservative SCOTUS Could Be 'Bad News' For Workers Economic justice is at stake with the top court's latest addition. Technology The Marines' Pricey Helicopters Deal Lockheed Martin has inherited a production contract for the new "King Stallion." World Satellite Captures Growing Crack In Antarctica’s Larsen C Ice Shelf When the crack eventually becomes big enough for the shelf to calve, it will create one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded in history. National Bill Clinton Trolls Donald Trump On Twitter Former President Bill Clinton appeared to be trolling President Donald Trump on Twitter Sunday while simultaneously promoting a new exhibit at the Clinton Presidential Center. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, April 24, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA This article was published April 23, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size April 23 All Shook Up! Auditions BENTON — Auditions for the Benton Royal Players’ production of All Shook Up! — a musical featuring the songs of Elvis Presley — will begin at 10 a.m. upstairs at the Royal Theater, 111 S. Market St. The director is Frank O. Butler, and production dates are Aug. 10-20. The audition will include cold readings from the script, a movement portion and 16-32 bars of prepared music. Attendees are asked to provide sheet music for the accompanist. A video audition and a resume may be submitted by way of Facebook messenger by midnight today. For more information, call (501) 315-5483. Fiddler on the Roof ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s School of Fine Arts will present Fiddler on the Roof at 2:30 p.m. in the Jones Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $12. For tickets or more information, visit obu.edu/boxoffice. April 24 Tween Art BENTON — Youth ages 8 to 12 are invited to learn about Henri Matisse and create art inspired by his technique at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 25 PRISM Instrumental Concert ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s annual PRISM instrumental concert will be at 7:30 p.m. in the Jones Performing Arts Center. The concert is free and open to the public. For more information, call (870) 245-5208. Maker Mania: Bad Art Night BRYANT — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to use magazines, paint, markers, charcoal and more to make bad art from 3:45-5:30 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Table-Top Teens BENTON — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to play table-top games from 4-5:15 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Chronicles of Yarnia Craft Club BRYANT — Adults ages 18 and older are invited to the Chronicles of Yarnia Craft Club at 6 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 26 Story Time BENTON — First- and second-graders are invited to a story time at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. The event will feature stories, snacks and crafts. Advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 27 Concert Choir Performance ARKADELPHIA — The Ouachita Baptist University Concert Choir will perform at 7:30 p.m. in McBeth Recital Hall. The concert is free and open to the public. For more information, call (870) 245-5208. STEAM Club BENTON — Home-schooled children ages 7 to 12 are invited to join the STEAM Club to explore science, technology, engineering, arts and math from 2-3 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. STEM Story Time BENTON — Children ages 4 to 7 are invited to a STEM story time from 2-3 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library to reinforce science, technology, engineering and mathematics concepts. Children younger than 4 will not be admitted. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. After-School Adventures BRYANT — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to join a story-telling, role-playing, dice-rolling program from 3:45-5 p.m. at the Mabel Boswell Memorial Library. Seating is limited, and advance registration is required. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Drama Teens BENTON — Youth ages 13 to 18 are invited to join a Books in 10 acting club at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Attendees will film a short retelling of books chosen in advance. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Laugh Out Loud Book Club BENTON — Third- through fifth-graders are invited to create comics at 4 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Refreshments will be provided. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Yoga at the Library BRYANT — Yoga practitioners of all skill levels, ages 18 and older, are invited to join professional instructors from The Bent Lily for a free yoga class at 6 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. Attendees are asked to bring a mat and a bottle of water. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 27 – April 29 The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged) BENTON — Saline County Shakes will present The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged), directed by Michael Bartholmey of North Little Rock, at 7 p.m. Thursday through Saturday at the Juli Busken Amphitheater in Tyndall Park, 913 E. Sevier St. The actors are Matthew Glover and Hillary Bell, both of Benton, and Sarah Scott Blakey of Little Rock. Mia Simone of Benton is the stage manager. There is no admission charge. Those planning to attend should bring a blanket or chair. Food and nonalcoholic drinks are welcome. April 28 Teen Art Club BENTON — Youth ages 12 to 18 are invited to join the Teen Art Club from 3:30-5 p.m. at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. April 29 Family Story Time BENTON — All ages are invited to the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library at 10:30 a.m. for songs, stories and crafts. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Paw-ty With a Purpose HOT SPRINGS — Arkansas Hospice will host Paw-ty With a Purpose from 9 a.m. to noon at the Hot Springs Farmers & Artisans Market, 121 Orange St. Attendees are encouraged to bring their dogs. The first 20 dogs to arrive will receive a special prize. The event will kick off Hospice’s Pet Peace of Mind program. For more information, visit arkansashospice.org. Operation Medicine Cabinet BENTON — The Benton Police Department will present Operation Medicine Cabinet XIV from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Walmart Supercenter parking lot. For more information, visit artakeback.org. Garland County Master Gardeners Plant Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Garland County Master Gardeners will host their annual plant sale from 8 a.m. to noon at the Hot Springs Farmers & Artisans Market, 121 Orange St. The sale’s theme is Come Bee With Us. The event is free and open to the public. For more information, contact the Garland County Cooperative Extension Service, University of Arkansas, Division of Agriculture, at (501) 623-6841. Ongoing Student Juried Art Exhibit ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s Hammons Gallery in the Mabee Fine Arts Center will feature the OBU Art Club’s annual Student Juried Art Exhibit through Tuesday. The exhibit is free and open to the public. Art on display will include paintings, photographs, sculptures, and fabric and graphic-design works. Regular gallery hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays. For more information, call the School of Fine Arts at (870) 245-5129. Scholarships for Educators Practicing educators in Arkansas public schools are encouraged to apply for Parsons-Burnett Scholarship Grants for graduate study in the 2017-2018 academic year. The grants are awarded to educators with a proven academic record and at least one year of successful teaching experience. The grants are funded by contributions from the Arkansas Retired Teachers Association. For more information, visit www.artanow.com. Scholarship applications, which are due by June 15, may be downloaded from the site. Justus Fine Art Gallery April Exhibit HOT SPRINGS — The April exhibit at the Justus Fine Art Gallery, 827A Central Ave., titled Brotherhood, features work by contemporary representational painters Jason Sacran of Fort Smith and John P. Lasater IV of Siloam Springs, including a selection of plein air paintings, along with studio work. A closing reception will take place from 4-6 p.m. Friday, and a still-life painting demonstration will be given from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday or by appointment. For more information, call (501) 321-2335 or visit justusfineart.com. Team Tesla Program HOT SPRINGS — The Mid-America Science Museum is taking applications for its Team Tesla program, designed for students ages 14 to 18 to develop leadership skills. The students learn and develop their own understanding of science principles by assisting museum educators during summer camps and special events such as Tinkerfest, Tesla Fest and the Summer Science Smash. The deadline to apply is May 12. For more information, visit midamericamuseum.org, or contact Irene Perros at (501) 767-3461, ext. 122, or irenep@midamericamuseum.org. Justus Fine Art Gallery May Exhibit HOT SPRINGS — The May exhibit at the Justus Fine Art Gallery will feature a group exhibition, Place Holders. Work by Beverly Buys, Virmarie DePoyster, Randall M. Good, Matthew Hasty, Dolores Justus, Laura Raborn, Gary Simmons, Rebecca Thompson, Emily Wood and others will be featured. The exhibit will open with a reception from 5-9 p.m. May 5 in conjunction with the monthly Gallery Walk in downtown Hot Springs. The exhibit will be on display through May 31. For more information, call (501) 321-2335 or visit justusfineart.com. Alzheimer’s Caregiver Support Group Meetings HOT SPRINGS — The Alzheimer’s Association Caregiver Support Group meets at 2:30 p.m. the second Thursday of each month at The Atrium at Serenity Pointe, 2803 Albert Pike Road. For more information, call (501) 844-5161. Ageless Bikers Club HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Ageless Bikers Club has 10 different bike rides that are 16 to 35 miles long. The rides are on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays on quiet paved country roads (one ride has up to 3 miles of gravel). No one is left behind, and the group stops often to regroup and socialize. Several rides are “out and back,” so the beginner can turn back for a shorter ride. Start times for the rides are seasonal, so for a schedule, contact Dave OBrien at (830) 285-5129 or djob1947boom@gmail.com. Free Exercise Classes ARKADELPHIA — The Central Arkansas Development Council’s Arkadelphia Senior Activity Center invites the public to a free Zumba class at 11 a.m. every Wednesday at the center, 1305 N. 10th St. The class, taught by a local fitness instructor, is geared for seniors ages 60 and older. The center also offers a free exercise class at 11 a.m. Mondays, as well as chair volleyball and beanbag baseball teams that practice daily. For more information, call the center at (870) 246-9871. Free Yoga Class BENTON — McClure Fitness, 1200 Library Drive, offers a free community yoga class at 10 a.m. every Saturday. For more information, call (501) 269-1662. Alzheimer’s Caretaker Support Group BENTON — The Alzheimer’s Arkansas Caretaker Support Group meets from 2-4 p.m. the third Thursday of every month at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Merry Mixers HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Hot Springs Village Merry Mixers dance to live music from 7:30-10:30 p.m. the third Saturday of each month in the Coronado Community Center. A dance lesson will be given at 7 p.m. Admission is $10 per person. For more information, call (501) 915-8111. Upcoming Dance Company in Concert ARKADELPHIA — Henderson State Theatre and Dance will present three performances of Dance Company in Concert. Original works choreographed by students, guest artists and director Jennifer Maddox will be performed in the Arkansas Hall Auditorium. The shows are open to the public and will be at 2:30 p.m. April 30, and at 7:30 p.m. May 1 and 2. Admission is $8 and free for Henderson students with a valed ID. For reservations or more information, call (870) 230-5291 or email theatre@hsu.edu. Tiger Steel Percussion Concert ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University will host Tiger Steel, the university’s steel-drum ensemble, in concert at 7:30 p.m. May 1 in Mabee Fine Arts Center’s McBeth Recital Hall. Tiger Steel will perform its signature song, the calypso standard “Jump in the Line,” made famous by Harry Belafonte, then tell the story of the steel pan through music. Pan Jouvet, OBU’s beginner steel band, will also perform. Admission is free and open to the public. For more information, visit www.obu.edu/percussion or contact Ryan Lewis at lewisr@obu.edu or (870) 245-5421. Library Book Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Friends of the Garland County Library will hold a book sale from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 4-6 in the library’s auditorium. For more information, visit gclibrary.com. Arkadelphia Downtown Crawfest ARKADELPHIA — The Arkadelphia Area Chamber of Commerce will sponsor the sixth annual Downtown Crawfest on May 5 and 6. The crawfish boil will start at 5:30 p.m. May 5 at The Cue Eatery and Pool Hall and be served in the parking lot at 617 Clinton St. May 6 activities will begin with the Crawfish Crawl 5K and 10K at 8:30 a.m., followed by the Southern Bancorp Andy Allison Super Kids Run at 10:30 a.m. Kids’ activities will continue through 1 p.m. Advance tickets are $20 and are available at Southern Bancorp and the Arkadelphia Area Chamber of Commerce office. For more information, contact the chamber at (870) 246-5542 or ashlee@arkadelphiaalliance.com. To submit an event, mail information to Calendar of Events, Tri-Lakes Edition, P.O. Box 2221, Little Rock, AR 72203; fax (501) 378-3500; or email tlnews@arkansasonline.com. The deadline for calendar-item submissions is noon Tuesday each week. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Stepping up fitness with technology Duck Derby Festival set for May 6 Master Gardeners set plant sale for Saturday ... Sheridan’s gifted and talented facilitator ea... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA Memories of cheese grits and chocolate Saline County coroner serves state organizati... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA School, community team up for 2nd-grade canc... Comments on: COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rally at Capitol promotes science (11 comments) Doctor's arrest brings attention to U.S. female circumcisions (2 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (30 comments) Scientists leave labs, take to streets to defend research (17 comments) Former Arkansas college student could face death penalty in triple killing (2 comments) Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations (38 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Current Weather 43.0° Mostly Cloudy Forecast Subscriber Services Sections News Local State Nation/World Crime and Courts Police Reports Government Election Central Business Education Town News and Info Corrections Sports Preps Bears Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Features Auto Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Theater McHenry County Magazine Planit Northwest Everyday Heroes Best Under 40 Best of the Fox Women of Distinction Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Feedback Forms Photo Store Public Notices Today's Ads More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access nwherald.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, weekend and Sunday packages. Subscribe Text Alerts Stay connected to us wherever you are! Get breaking news updates along with other area information sent to you as a text message to your wireless device. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Plan your weekend and catch up on the news with our newsletters. Sign Up Online Newspaper Log In SectionsSubscribe Local McHenry County municipalities work to fill vacant spaces to increase tax base, provide for residents By HANNAH PROKOP hprokop@shawmedia.comApril 22, 2017 H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Berkshire Hathaway real estate agent Jack Minero visits the former Pauly Toyota site on Route 14 in Crystal Lake. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Premier Commercial Realty senior broker Bruce Kaplan walks through a vacant industrial building Wednesday in Crystal Lake before showing the building to a client. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com Premier Commercial Realty senior broker Bruce Kaplan waits for a client Wednesday before showing a vacant industrial building in Crystal Lake. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com The Gander Mountain at 1400 S. Randall Road in Algonquin is set to be closing soon. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com This photo shows the Family Christian store at 2216 S. Randall Road in Algonquin, which will be closing soon. Sarah Nader Caption Sarah Nader – snader@shawmedia.com This photo shows a vacant building that used to house Dominick's at 101 S. Randall Road in Lake in the Hills. H. Rick Bamman Caption H. Rick Bamman – hbamman@shawmedia.com This photo shows the former Brunswick Zone in Algonquin, 2075 E. Algonquin Road. For more than a decade, the former Pauly Toyota building has sat vacant at 5501 Route 14 in Crystal Lake.   Next to it sits the former LeWalt Glass Co. building, which also has been vacant for about a decade, said Jack Minero, a real estate agent with Berkshire Hathaway. The entire 3.2-acre site is on the market for about $2.8 million, he said. Throughout the years, the property along Crystal Lake’s most important commercial corridor has been the temporary home to the McHenry County Republican Central Committee and an auto body shop that rents out space behind the former Pauly Toyota showroom on a monthly basis, according to Minero and the Northwest Herald archives. Although businesses – such as a mattress store, pet hotel and gas station – have shown interest in the lot, the city ideally would have a high-end retailer fill the space, Minero and Crystal Lake economic development manager Heather Maieritsch said.  Throughout McHenry County, long-vacant buildings – including the Dominick’s in Lake in the Hills, Dania Furniture Co. building in Algonquin and Pauly Toyota site in Crystal Lake – remain challenging to fill. Local governments and brokers employ a variety of tactics to help market those spaces with varying degrees of success. In Crystal Lake, Maieritsch said the city will create a vision plan for sites that have been on the market for a long time. This could mean suggesting potential uses of the property to developers, such as in the case of the Pauly Toyota and LeWalt Glass properties, or by hiring a consultant to develop a potential plan for the space, such as the city is doing in the Crystal Point Mall Shopping Center, which used to be home to Wal-Mart and Cub Foods.   “We’re trying to help create some interest in the property and helping coming up with some additional ideas that are outside the box that you might normally think of,” Maieritsch said.  For example, with the Pauly Toyota and LeWalt Glass sites, the city has suggested putting a restaurant there because the property overlooks Three Oaks Recreation Area, Maieritsch said.  “We’re open to a wide variety of uses, but we’re looking for quality businesses to add to the community,” Maieritsch said. “Preferably, [one] that would add to our tax base.”  In addition to sending out information on Crystal Lake’s open properties, the city also has a searchable database of properties at crystallakeretail.com/cocl/index.php, Maieritsch said.  In Lake in the Hills, one of the village’s main priorities is filling the former Dominick’s building at Randall and Algonquin roads, economic development coordinator George Hahne said.  The estimated 70,000-square-foot building has been vacant since 2014. Farm, ranch and home retail chain Big R had planned to move in but backed out in August. “It is absolutely front-of-mind to do anything that we can to get that Dominick’s store leased,” Hahne said.  Hahne said that there are challenges with the property that are making it hard to find a tenant, but he works to reach out to as many potential tenants as possible to fill the space.  Although the Dominick’s sits empty in the village, other spots in smaller strip malls have been doing well, Hahne said, noting the recent openings of Morningside Family Dental and Rock N Grill on Randall Road.  In Huntley, the village hired Tim Billimack of Blue Chip Commercial Real Estate in Crystal Lake as a retail consultant to help bring in retail businesses and restaurants. Billimack is paid $3,000 a month for his six-month contract that started in January, according to village documents. Billimack was hired by the village because of his history working in the village and his well-established roots in the industry, Huntley Village Manager Dave Johnson said.  Huntley doesn’t have many vacant retail spaces, Billimack and Johnson said, so the challenge is finding developers who are willing to build. A retail consultant is worth investing in because retail stores and restaurants are what residents want, Johnson said.  “The approach we’re trying right now, time will tell whether it will be successful,” Johnson said. One challenge in attracting retail businesses is the evolving retail industry, Johnson said. National retailers such as Gander Mountain, hhgregg and Family Christian have announced closings this year.  The Gander Mountain and Family Christian stores in Algonquin soon will be empty, but the former Dania Furniture building off Randall Road is one of Algonquin’s focuses now, community development director Russ Farnum said.  The 30,000-square-foot building has been closed for about two years, he said. Typically, the village works to stay in contact with brokers to spread information on available properties, Farnum said.  “We let [the brokers] make the deal; what we want to do is put the right people in the right place,” Farnum said, adding that finding the right space for the business ensures they stay put longer.  The village is looking at how the decline of brick-and-mortar retail facilities may affect its approach to attracting businesses, Farnum said, but right now the top priority is to generate sales tax. “Every dollar we have in sales tax is a dollar we don’t have to collect in property taxes to keep the village running and functioning,” Farnum said. Related Links 7th annual McHenry County Human Race benefits 73 nonprofits Tickets available for National Alliance on Mental Illness McHenry County's 'Friend-Raiser' Crystal Lake approves smaller, balanced budget for 2018 McHenry County residents celebrate Earth Day at Prairieview Education Center in Crystal Lake McHenry County municipalities work to fill vacant spaces to increase tax base, provide for residents Best of the Fox Northwest Herald's Best of the Fox 2017. Vote for your favorite McHenry County businesses! Vote now! Reader Poll Have you ever done a walk/run for charity? Yes No Vote!Show results AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial PrinciplesAbout Our Ads Place a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 51° Low 44° High 72° Fayetteville 40° Low 40° High 68° Bentonville 45° Low 43° High 68° See complete forecast Bentonville Native, Greg Bohannan, Shares Fishing Tips And Signs Autographs Posted 10:33 pm, April 22, 2017, by Ninette Sosa, Updated at 10:39PM, April 22, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email ROGERS (KFSM) — When it comes to fishing, how do you predict unpredictable Beaver Lake? What type of tournament will heavy rains and spawning bass produce for this year’s Fishing League Worldwide (FLW) Tournament on Beaver Lake? Just a few of the questions that Old Spice professional angler, and Bentonville native, Greg Bohannan answered while signing autographs, taking photos, and even passing out Old Spice samples while at the Walmart Supercenter in Rogers on Saturday (April 22). Of course, there were the fishing tips he provided, too. This is the third year of “Old Spice Hook, Line and Leaders,” program. His goal during FLW tournament stops is to motivate youths to enjoy the outdoors. “I hope to inspire kids to unplug and get involved in their community —  through fishing,” said Bohannan. Since turning pro in 2008, he has fished 160 events, with three tournament wins and 16 top 10 finishes. He has qualified for the Forrest World Cup for four consecutive years and is pre-qualified for the Cup this year. Practice at Beaver Lake for the FLW tour’s yearly stop is Sunday (April 23) and the tournament kicks off on Thursday (April 27). For more information and FLW event details, click here.               Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Elkins Woman Dies & Springdale Woman Is Critically Injured In ATV Accident Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park FOUND: Amber Alert Cancelled After Two Oklahoma Babies Found In Arkansas Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Arkansas Football Preps for Red-White Game Two Arkansas Inmates Are Scheduled For Execution Monday Hogs Drop Series Finale At Auburn Former Gang Members Turn To God For Salvation News Professional Fisherman Teaches Young Anglers News WWL United Way Fishing Tournament News Gravette School District Hopes Senate Bill Will Soon Become Law Sports Huntsville Basketball Makes Success a Tradition Sports 7A-West Looks To Dethrone Central In State Tournament News Aussie Widower Looking For ‘Fishing Mate’ Reels In Thousands Of Applicants News Crews Recover Body After Drowning Near Beaver Lake Boat Dock News Washington County Sheriff Identifies Boy Killed After Family Vehicle Rolls Into Beaver Lake Sports Rogers Boys Basketball Coach Resigns News Group Seeks To Block Building New Dam At Lake Bella Vista News Alligator Spotted At Millwood Lake In Southwest Arkansas News Police Identify Man Whose Body Was Discovered In Lake Bentonville News BCSO: Man Intentionally Drives Into Lake, Flees Scene Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Tad Cummings Fleeing with student: Teacher took guns, cash and wife's car Associated Press • Apr 21, 2017 at 12:46 PM COLUMBIA, Tenn. — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife’s car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife’s white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. “It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity,” the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff’s deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. “The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end,” Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl’s family said Thursday evening. “We’re anxiously awaiting word on her condition.” A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school’s investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher’s wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Investors push for more info on lobbying at US companies By Afp Published: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 | Updated: 21:26 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail Dozens of US companies including Ford, Boeing, Wells Fargo, General Electric and Facebook, face shareholder votes on more disclosure about political lobbying Dozens of major US companies are facing shareholder votes this spring that seek to require more disclosure about political lobbying, as activists demand greater corporate transparency. Votes are set to take place at more than 40 annual meetings, including those for Boeing, Wells Fargo, Ford, General Electric and Facebook. The proposals have in many cases been offered before and predate the searing national political debates that have dominated America with the rise and election of President Donald Trump. But whether or not they have anything to do with broader political dynamics, early tallies in the 2017 season show more investors want to know about corporate spending on lobbying. About 37 percent of Disney's shareholders voted in favor of a measure on this issue, up five percent from last year's outcome, while Monsanto's vote came in at about 28 percent, up 7.5 percent from a year ago. There were also modest increases at Emerson Electric and Tyson Foods. While still a minority of shareholders, these counts are high enough to force management to take notice, corporate governance experts say. "There's a general discomfort with the notion of corporate funds for political purposes," said Charles Elson, corporate governance chair at the University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business & Economics. "If it's explained and it's legitimate, there's nothing wrong with it. The question is the transparency." - Trade groups in focus - Companies are already required to account for annual lobbying expenditures in reports to Congress that detail the targeted issues and the amounts spent. However, proponents of the stepped-up measures say there are no requirements for reporting other aspects of lobbying, such as activities at the grassroots level or donations to trade organizations that lobby. Activists point to companies like GE and Disney that favor climate change policies and their links to groups like the Chamber of Commerce which have opposed key climate policies. They argue the companies should disclose their trade group memberships and the amount of money given to those groups that is then used for lobbying. "Transparency is good for investors and good for companies and it kind of goes to the principle of what gets disclosed gets managed," said John Keenan, corporate governance analyst at public employees union AFSCME, which has been in a leader in pushing for the measures. In response, companies argue that the additional sunshining is unnecessary and misstates the nature of a company's relationship with a trade group. "The associations and coalitions to which GE belongs perform many valuable functions," GE said in urging a "no" vote. "Lobbying is not the primary focus of these entities." "GE may not agree with every position or lobbying action taken by such associations," the company added. Disney said the proposal would exceed legal disclosure requirements and would "be misleadingly suggestive of the control we exercise over" trade groups. Some companies have revised their policies following talks with shareholders. Keenan said Wal-Mart Stores agreed to provide lobbying spending by state, while defense company Raytheon increased its disclosures, including providing a list of its trade association dues. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to comment on the specifics about negotiations on lobbying disclosures, but said shareholders regularly decide to withdraw proposals following talks with the company. Raytheon declined comment. This year, Pfizer strengthened its oversight of lobbying by amending the corporate charter to place the responsibility with the Corporate Governance committee. - Business strikes back - As they battle this year's shareholder proposals, large companies through the Business Roundtable, a trade group, are pushing to limit future battles involving activists. In a letter to National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, the Business Roundtable urged officials to "tighten eligibility" to restrict investors "with insignificant stakes" from making proposals "that pursue social or political agendas unrelated to the interests of shareholders as a whole." The Business Roundtable argues the current $2,000 minimum requirement is "no longer a reasonable standard" to get on the ballot and should be raised to at least 0.15 percent at large companies. But corporate governance expert Elson rejected that argument. "Sometimes terrific ideas come from small investors," he said. "It's also become an important signaling mechanism that boards need to be aware of." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Father of Ferne McCann's unborn child is tasered and arrested his UNDERPANTS before being charged with 14 counts of wounding in attack Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky' snap with her lipstick on his face Steph Davis flashes her nipples in slinky lingerie just THREE months after giving birth as she gushes about 'best friend' Jeremy Stephen Belafonte 'asks Mel B for money to fund his expenses'... but she denies his request after 'blocking his access to her £40million fortune' Flying high! Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a sweet kiss before she goes on family helicopter ride to celebrate her birthday Sofia Vergara flaunts cleavage in white swimsuit... before falling off an inflatable bull in HILARIOUS video The 44-year-old actress tried her hardest Knot again! Fashion victim David Beckham unleashes his inner samurai once more as he wears trendy manbun at PFA Awards Caitlyn Jenner lands in New Jersey as she is seen for first time since confirming gender reassignment surgery Touched down in Newark airport  Sisters! Jennifer and Lynda Lopez take a stroll in the Big Apple with their daughters Emme and Lucie Deep in conversation Amber Heard and billionaire boyfriend Elon Musk pack on the PDA as they go zip-lining in Australia... as she CONFIRMS their relationship Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit as she hints at romance with Instagram post 'My mini-me!' Jennifer Lopez brings nine-year-old twins Max and Emme onto her Ellen appearance...as she admits she dresses daughter like herself Parental prom! John Legend gives Chrissy Teigen a corsage for 'high school' date night...as they leave one-year-old daughter Luna at home Armless but not harmless... Another rollercoaster ride in Line Of Duty as DCI Roz Huntley arrests her husband, writes JIM SHELLEY 'He didn't waste any time!' TOWIE fans turn on Chris Clark as he admits ex Amber Turner 'made him happiest' as they reconnect after his split from Jesy Nelson Blast from the past! Eighties pop act Bananarama to head out on huge tour comeback tour alongside Siobhan Fahey 30 years after she quit the band Animal lover Katie Price is branded a 'moron' and 'vile' as she faces a fan backlash after sharing a photo of herself wearing fox fur shoes Bake Off judge Prue Leith 'set to move in with husband of five months John Playfair'... after declaring she wanted to live alone to avoid tidying his mess Number one fan! Ecstatic Justin Bieber celebrates with little brother Jaxon as they watch Stanley Cup playoff in Toronto Stephanie Davis shows off her lean post-baby body as she is pictured out with Caben Albi for the first time after insisting her baby needs contact with dad Cheeky! Geri Horner shrieks with glee as she is lifted into the air by husband Christian... before he slaps her bottom in playful Instagram video 'I'm clean': Danniella Westbrook looks fresh faced and happy as she shares snaps from Spanish rehab stint ... and insists she will 'never go backwards' Nude Kesha protects her modesty by cupping her hand over her chest during beauty session in Instagram snap The 30-year-old posted snap from glam session Stroller strut! Chrissy Teigen is one hot mama in thigh high boots as she and John Legend take baby Luna for a walk Looking fab Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the actress who died of a suspected overdose  Bloom-ing freezing! Orlando shows off his manly chest as he takes a dip in icy water to celebrate Earth Day No doubt it was a high-minded commentary  Charlotte Dawson puts on a VERY eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit as she documents girly getaway to Majorca on Instagram 'Hope your bad boy was worth it': Ferne McCann is targeted by Twitter trolls as she reveals she is pregnant by her lover as he's held over acid attack 'I haven't had ANY surgery!' Topless Chloe Goodman lashes out at implant claims as she shows off her VERY perky cleavage in racy beach snap Sheer-ly amazing! Jada Pinkett Smith bares skin in fishnet top during outing at Malibu's Soho House The gorgeous wife of Will Smith Ex On The Beach wild child Jemma Lucy 'caught inhaling hippy crack in video'... before flashing her assets in ANOTHER racy clip Snapchat video shock Certainly has ring to it! Keke Palmer shows off her nipple piercings as she wears skin tight dress to her single's launch party  Va va vroom! Cindy Crawford puckers up to husband Rande before hopping on his motorcycle after brunch The 51-year-old supermodel Family time! Kobe Bryant shares limelight with wife Vanessa and daughters at Tribeca Film Festival 38-year-old former LA Lakers star Pixie Lott looks every inch the Sixties sex kitten as she strips down to a tiny leopard print body while shooting new video on Los Angeles sidewalk Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson flaunts her flawless gym-honed figure as she models sexy swimwear range for fashion line Orange Is the New Black's Taryn Manning and Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell glam up for Shorty Awards Both took home trophies from the ceremony 'We're good at restaurants!' Christie Brinkley shares rare video of her kids as they tease her about her cooking skills Being mum is top job Doting daddy! James Van der Beek brings wife Kimberly and his three pretty daughters to Safe Kids Day event in LA The Only Way Is Up! TOWIE's Jess Wright set to swap Brentwood for Hollywood after being 'signed by brother Mark's LA agent' Hopes to land movie role 'You make me smile!' Vanderpump's Scheana Shay posts sweet birthday message to new beau Robert Parks Valletta after partying at Coachella 'It all seemed trivial in comparison': Slimmed-down Martine McCutcheon admits the birth of her son Rafferty, 2, had put her worries about weight 'into perspective' 'He never recovered from the tragic loss of his mother': Heartbroken family of Take Me Out contestant, 22, pay tribute after he's found dead after filming  MIC's Louise Thompson flashes her legs in thigh-skimming summer dress as Steph Pratt styles floor-length gown for pregnant pal Binky's baby shower The Joker didn't kill him! Heath Ledger's sisters say late actor 'wasn't depressed' over The Dark Knight role Time of his death at the age of 28 Chris Clark seen for first time since his split from Jesy Nelson as he shoots TOWIE scenes with scantily-clad ex Amber Dowding amid claims they've 'reconnected' He's scored! Perrie Edwards sports racy leather trousers as she arrives to cheer on footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at FA Cup semi-final 'It's a family affair': Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick treat three kids to Broadway show opening The two actors and their kids hade a blast Breaking Bad vet Bryan Cranston poses with Walter White rag doll at the Los Angeles Times Book Festival  Walter White the doll made an appearance Sexy sells! Sara Sampaio stuns in black lace bustier and tight leather pants for The Clapper premiere in NYC The Portuguese model, 25, looked sensational She's no diva! Smitten Perrie Edwards puts on an affectionate display with footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on low-key cafe date More loved up than ever  The party goes on! Kylie Jenner embraces male friend after holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... weeks after Tyga split Having a great time Classically stylish! Mindy Kaling attends charity luncheon in powder blue mini dress and cropped jacket She splashed red shiny color across her lips That's definitely intimate: Heidi Klum rocks skimpy underwear and hold-ups surrounded by her glam squad BTS on underwear shoot Joan Crawford and Bette Davis finally get their happy ending in 'Feud' finale with the Hollywood stars apologizing and forging new friendship Having a royally good time! Claire Foy is worlds away from her regal character as she fools around with a napkin during playful dinner with Matt Smith 'He was brilliant': EastEnders' Adam Woodyatt gushes about son Sam as he runs the marathon in four hours... after being left unable to walk in horrific car accident 'Very much in my feelings': Selena Gomez posts tribute to 'big brother' David Henrie as Wizards Of Waverly Place cast reunites at wedding She gets it from her mama! Reese Witherspoon spends the day with her mother Betty They went for a car ride in Nashville The one lesson I've learned from life: Kate Garraway on how kindness will get you everywhere My mum said there was magic in kindness 'I definitely do love Chyna and want to be with her': Emotional Rob Kardashian talks troubled romance in KUTWK teaser Very touching Dark mood? Makeup free Delta Goodrem looks exhausted as she lands in Sydney wearing black following big night at the Logies 'He has traumatic injuries': Kim Zolciak's son Kash, four, is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery after being attacked by a dog Imogen Thomas shows off her curves in a skimpy halterneck bikini as she enjoys a quick dip on holiday in Madrid The mum-of-two flaunted her phenomenal figure  Pregnant Binky Felstead is truly radiant in boho white mini dress as she cosies up to boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson at their lavish baby shower Kylie Jenner exhibits her hourglass figure in a skimpy striped dress at Las Vegas event... before being interrupted by angry protesters Put on a leggy display  She sure is in love! Jennifer Lopez calls beau Alex Rodriguez a 'beast' as she shares video of some of his best plays Royal seal of approval! Duchess of Cambridge presents the fastest man to run the London marathon while dressed as a STAR with his medal Penelope Ann Miller talks 'vanity-free' role in new prison-set Lifetime flick The 53-year-old Golden Globe nominee No time to blow dry! Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner steps out with wet hair... as it's claimed she 'wants to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce 'He's turned over a new leaf': Dean Gaffney, 39, gets seal of approval from the father of his 23-year-old girlfriend Rebekah Ward... as he puts cheating past behind him Ready for action! Tom Cruise back on Mission Impossible set in Paris just days after terror attack nearby The 54-year-old looked relaxed and ready 'Thank God I'm not where I used to be': Justin Bieber reminisces on progress he's made since 2014 drink driving arrest Remained arrest-free Who knew they were friends? Dakota Johnson hitches ride with Giovanni Ribisi as they leave Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash together George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz in good spirits as he heads to London mansion... as it's revealed late singer's family 'aren't on board' with tribute gig 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri displays her stomach as she grapples with her bikini on Ibiza break with Jake Hall... as fans speculate about a 'baby bump' Rod Stewart installs seven-a-side artificial pitch in the garden of his £4.65million country home Latest in a long schedule of renovations Blac Chyna is impersonated by Shea Couleé in Kardashian: The Musical on this week's RuPaul's Drag Race Sent up the first family Casual chic! Diane Kruger rocks a black leather jacket and skinny jeans at Q&A for Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story at Tribeca Film Festival I don't think you're ready! Pregnant Beyoncé displays her blossoming bump and bodacious booty in Bardot dress for an array of white-hot selfies Doing what she does best! Alessandra Ambrosio relaxes by a pool as she soaks up the desert sun at Coachella Looked stunning Going solo! Ryan Reynolds leaves his stunning wife Blake Lively at home to hoof it around NYC like a college student with backpack and iPod They could be sisters! Demi Moore, 54, resembles Courteney Cox, 52, as the friends help Jennifer Meyer celebrate her 40th birthday Baywatch newcomer Kelly Rohrbach reveals her famous red swimsuit was refitted 10 TIMES to make her legs look longer and her bum perkier A recipe for forgiveness? TOWIE's Megan McKenna gets a fit of the giggles as she heads to her restaurant launch... as ex Pete Wicks wangles an invite  Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, and fiancé Jason Statham, 49, 'seeking advice from baby guru' and father-of-five Sylvester Stallone, 70 'What was I wearing?!' Susanna Reid is left red-faced after a throwback picture from her short-lived acting career in the eighties is shared on Sunday Brunch Lauren Goodger displays her enviable curves in playful slogan T-shirt and leggings as she embarks on another gruelling workout in Essex 'Filming Broadchurch was like being in MI5!' Actor Mark Bazeley reveals the writers of season three were so secretive he was convinced HE was rapist Love Island's Malin Andersson flashes her lingerie in perilously short T-shirt dress as she continues to confidently parade result of £7K body overhaul Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Ciara shares new photos of herself on Instagram The singer looked blooming marvellous as she raised a smile Curves ahead! Mariah Carey flashes her braless cleavage in lace up bodysuit and jeans for dinner date with ex Nick Cannon Keeping age at bay! Former Baywatch babes Kelly Packard, Donna D'Errico, Nancy Valen and Erika Eleniak reunite at LA marathon event... 30 years on from the original series 'Marrying my best friend': Gotham actor Chris Chalk weds Kimberly Dalton Mitchell in North Carolina Chalk plays Lucius Fox on TV series Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go low-key as they lead stars including best pal Courteney Cox at jewellery designer Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash 'She's back!' Michelle Keegan excitedly shares picture of Our Girl scripts as she resumes filming... after husband Mark Wright says their long-distance love is 'exciting' Miley Cyrus' sister Noah puts on a chic display in a fitted black jumpsuit as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA Taking the plunge! Bikini-clad Kate Upton shares video where she falls into a pool with Justin Verlander during Caribbean vacation Looked scorching Blondes DO have more fun! Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Hudson look to be having a blast at Jennifer Meyer's birthday event Having fun She's a fan! Paris Jackson pays tribute to John Lennon as she steps out in tiny Daisy Dukes on Earth Day The 19-year-old was spotted out in Studio City Wisdom from the Captain! Star Trek vet William Shatner, 86, makes surprise appearance at Silicon Valley Comic Con panel Beloved for his role Letting the desert heat get to her! Model Chanel Iman strips off to her skimpy bikini top as she enjoys Coachella She sure got into the boho fashion spirit How to catch a cheat: Spying on his texts, checking his satnav and even tracking his bike rides... ANTHEA TURNER became Miss Marple to expose husband's lies  Drake 'never even met' Instagram model Layla Lace who has accused the rapper of impregnating her Drake wants nothing to do with the model  Ashley James displays her runner's physique in tight Lycra with a full face of make-up as she leads the stars in completing the 2017 London marathon They Want To Hold Your Hand! Paul McCartney, 74, greets revellers as he arrives in Tokyo with trendy wife Nancy Shevell, 57... as an overzealous fan attempts to pull him into crowd 'They weren't too friendly': Orlando Bloom and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry awkwardly cross paths at pal's party... just one month after 'grown-up' split Busty Demi Lovato puts on an eye-popping display as she showcases her enviable curves in a plunging burnt orange swimsuit April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her enviable abs in ANOTHER barely-there string bikini as she cosies up to boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, while continuing Maldives getaway Dare to bare! Makeup-free Nicole Richie shows off her chest in low-cut top as she hits pal Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party in LA Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix...as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers'  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties 'Eve has grown up now': Tyra Banks, 43, says sequel to Life-Size will be an 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' . Two cute! Jessica Alba holds hands with husband of nearly 10 years as she arrives at Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party Among host of stars Lady Gaga wows in skimpy hot pants for a typically energetic show at Coachella week two... as she emotionally dedicates performance to cancer-stricken pal Flower power! Jamie Chung sizzles in the desert in sheer top and floral embroidered bra as she braves the heat at a pre-Coachella party Went for a sheer look 'You're a stupid little girl': Rihanna sparks huge backlash as she superimposes Queen Elizabeth's head on to her own raunchy snaps in 'disrespectful' 91st birthday tribute TOWIE's Amber Turner risks baring all as she falls victim to the elements in sizzling braless ensemble for reality-star studded night out Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable figure in clingy crop top as she joins sexy pals Sophie Kasaei and Lateysha Grace for wild night out 'It doesn't always work that way': Rosario Dawson reveals she won't appear in Marvel series The Punisher The 37-year-old Luke Cage actress  Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was Spice Girl NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making sex tapes, claims lawsuit It's a match! Jeremy Clarkson, 56, takes new blonde girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to the FA Cup semi final for a sporty date... as couple's new romance continues to blossom 'She's in bits!' Sharon Osbourne left devastated AGAIN as husband Ozzy 'gets back in touch' with hairdresser ex-mistress Michelle Pugh 'She'll make the best possible life for her and the baby': Ferne McCann 'is expecting her first child' with fugitive boyfriend wanted over nightclub acid attack 'I've pulled five muscles just watching this!' Flexible Chinese couple wow with their VERY acrobatic moves on Britain's Got Talent  Demi Moore, 54, looks eternally youthful in a floaty midnight blue dress as she celebrates Jen Meyer's 40th Summertime Happiness? Lana Del Rey sparks romance rumours with hunky rapper G-Eazy as they 'makes out and look lovey-dovey' at Coachella 'I took down all the mirrors': Blondie's Debbie Harry, 71, admits once she refused to look at herself... but now she'd perform naked! Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte 'I was a Will Young fan!' Corrie's Faye Brookes admits to SPURNING boyfriend Gareth Gates' advances when they first met... as she reveals they're in no rush to get married Burt Reynolds, 81, has to sit on a stool at the red carpet photocall at the Tribeca Film Festival... as co-stars Robert De Niro and Ariel Winter lend a helping hand Man of style! Liev Schreiber is cool customer as he rocks jeans and blazer for outing in Malibu Movie hardman Ray Winstone helps a wine maker carry out the perfect murder in chilling domestic abuse film  Helping to raise money  A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival 'I'm feeling nervous': New mother Alex Jones confirms she will return to The One Show on part time basis following birth of son Edward Returns on Monday Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga What will Tyga think? Kimberley Garner flaunts her washboard abs in a Bardot crop top and black skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Lady Gaga dubbed Princess Diana 'just another dead blonde' in shock track... as she meets with Prince William for mental health campaign Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses A Beast no more! Dan Stevens looks dapper in a fitted houndstooth suit as he cosies up to stunning wife at screening of new movie Permission 'That's the freakiest s*** I've seen all week!': Simon Cowell and David Walliams send fans wild with hilarious Faceswap... and the results are horrifying TOWIE's Pete Wicks and Georgia Kousoulou pictured in a heated row on the street as they film tense new scenes for the show Incredibly tense Looking al-white! Diane Keaton rocks head-to-toe coordinated ensemble as she attends star-studded animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA 'The longer things hang in the air, the more nervous people become': Nicole Scherzinger is yet to sign up for the next series of The X Factor 'I'm daddy's job now!': Simon Cowell's son Eric, 3, takes his father's seat at the judging table as the music mogul brings him to Britain's Got Talent auditions That could be my last ever dance: Britain's Got Talent teenager Julia Carlile reveals she needs $100,000 for surgery to cure her curved spine  'I would die for them': Blake Lively describes her love for young daughters James and Ines and her desperation to protect her family Tom Brady skipped Trump's White House Super Bowl celebration to be with his sick mum and NOT because Gisele told him to, say former teammates 'Caben needs his daddy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet throwback snap of her son... as she supports Jeremy McConnell through difficult rehab  Busty Olivia Buckland sends fans wild as she flashes her cleavage in tiny bralette... after setting a date to marry Love Island beau Alex Bowen White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz TOWIE star James Argent gets a welcome home kiss from co-star Pete Wicks... as he catches up with friends after spending 10 weeks in Thai rehab I was seduced by Mel B, says nanny: Bombshell legal claim that the singer had a seven-year sexual relationship with exchange student Sorry, Jane Park! The X Factor star Sam Callahan steps out with Chloe Paige... after branding Euromillions winner ex 'obsessive' In CBB 2017? Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome 'After a dinner in LA' Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie Live gets a release date... as NBC chairman Robert Greenblatt hints a live version of Wicked could be in the works 'Bey always says to be authentic': Kelly Rowland credits BFF Beyoncé for helping her find self-confidence... as singer hails girl power as 'f***ing incredible' Inseparable! Pop star Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami, US Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies at 56 A breath of fresh air! Elizabeth Banks is pretty as a petal in floral-print dress for Humane Society benefit Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Man, you look good! Alanis Morissette nails androgynous chic in fitted navy and yellow panelled trouser suit as she attends TV screening 'My heart can't cope!': Viewers are overcome with emotion after young singer Reuben Gray is surprised by his father who works overseas on Britain's Got Talent Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA Back to the grind! Make-up free Kellie Bright grabs a coffee as she makes her eagerly awaited EastEnders comeback following birth of son Gene Ferne McCann's lover is arrested over acid attack five days on the run: Arthur Collins is captured by armed police after TOWIE star reveals she's PREGNANT by him  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a bright bikini as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Michael O'Neill on holiday with her three boys Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey, 30, confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap Not so golden! TOWIE's Pete Wicks suffers a tanning fail as he steps out sporting a reddish glow... while it's claimed he is 'still in love' with his ex Megan McKenna A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival A dazzling appearance 'I am not going to dwell on that subject': Caitlyn Jenner CONFIRMS she has had gender reassignment surgery during 20/20 interview Written a memoir Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival She teamed chunky sneakers with her dress Shore you haven't forgotten something? Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable curves as she goes braless in sheer top Revenge body Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Svelte Vicky Pattison is named as face of new Ann Summers swimwear collection... after lashing out at claims she has 'ballooned to a size 16' Alesha Dixon moved to tears by young dancer with spinal condition... as she gives second golden buzzer of series to teen troupe Just Us on Britain's Got Talent Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her 33-year-old mother's funeral  Did the earth move? Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Time treated her well Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Used her time wisely 'They are really, really close': George Lineker plants a kiss on former Made In Chelsea star Jess Woodley's cheek... as friends claim he 'treats her like a princess' Line of Duty's Vicky McClure is ordered off her own tram after being suspected of fare evasion  Found herself on the wrong side of the law  Yo-ga to be kidding me! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts on a busty display in low cut top as she shows off her incredible flexibility Looked stunning Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Now! 49°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Feedback Submit an Event More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Records Opinion Entertainment Video cars815.com eEdition Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Mom isn’t the only one doing her part to fight MS; her daughters have some skin the game, too Published: Sunday, April 23, 2017 6:52 p.m. CDT • Updated: Monday, April 24, 2017 12:28 a.m. CDT Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Kalin Pierce of Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, works on a tattoo on Cyndi Benhart's shoulder Saturday as her daughter, Danielle Basley, looks on. Cyndi and her daughters got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) As Deena Lander gets a tattoo Saturday afternoon at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, her mom, Cyndi Benhart (back, left) and sister Danielle Balsley chat. The family members got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Cyndi Benhart looks over the outline of her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Deena Lander shows off her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Deena got an orange MS ribbon to show her support for her mom's fight against multiple sclerosis. Caption(Photo submitted) Cyndi Barnhart's finished tattoo features a monarch butterfly with an orange ribbon. Orange is the color of multiple sclerosis awareness, like pink is the color for breast cancer awareness. Caption(Photo submitted) Danielle Balsley got an orange ribbon tattoo with stars. BY PHILLIP HARTMAN phartman@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5525 @phartman19 ROCK FALLS – When it comes to Cyndi Benhart’s family, ink is thicker than water. That’s why her daughters decided to do more than just walk the walk to show that they stand by their mom in her fight against MS. When Benhart’s daughters decided to take part in the Walk MS fundraiser on May 7 in Rockford, they wanted to come up with a way to show their solidarity with Mom. So, they all decided to get ink together. Benhart, 58, of Rock Falls was diagnosed in 2002 with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, and is undergoing treatment. She's dealing with memory problems and fatigue, and can no longer work. Her team, Cyndi's Warriors, is working to raise $5,000 for research and assistance for MS patients. "Most of my symptoms are internal, cognitive. I can't remember," Benhart said Saturday in the waiting area at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, where her daughters were getting ready for their tattoos.  Daughter Deena Lander, 29, of Bloomington, got hers first – an orange MS ribbon with stars on her right shoulder from tattoo artist Kalin Pierce. Deena’s sister, Danielle Balsley, 30, of Sterling was next, with a similar tattoo. The three joked with each other and their mother as Pierce worked.  Saturday's tattoos were the ninth for Lander and the sixth for Balsley, while Benhart’s skin art was her second – and it won’t be the last time she finds herself under a needle.  As part of her routine of dealing with MS, she has to give herself shots. She also sees a neurologist in Northbrook three or four times a year. Benhart can still watch her grandchildren, and gets help from her boyfriend, Wes Stern. But sometimes, it can still be tough. "I can't walk through Walmart without getting tired. I have a cane in the car if I need it,” she said. Despite all that, Benhart still manages to keep things in perspective. “I do consider myself quite lucky," she said. It hasn’t always been easy, though. Benhart went to Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for her diagnosis, and was there for more than a week. "There was a sense of loss. I cried, then I got mad. Then, I said, 'I have MS, but it doesn't have me. It's not going to be who I am,'" she said. Benhart won't actually walk at the fundraiser, but will help with the events. Her daughters said they'll probably walk. As the stars took shape on Lander's shoulder, her mother asked her how she was doing. "It's a little tender," Lander said. As Pierce’s tattoo equipment continued to hum and “Suicide Squad” played on a TV in the background, the sisters discussed their children's movie choices and other topics. Eventually, Lander's stars and ribbon were complete, and Pierce covered the artwork with plastic. Next, it was Benhart's turn, and she adjusted her shirt to let Pierce start work on her shoulder. . Benhart's choice was a monarch butterfly with a ribbon, and Pierce started outlining the butterfly before filling in the details. Balsley asked Pierce whether the shop had family groups come in, and he said they did. Meanwhile, the movie switched over to “The Magnificent Seven,” while the butterfly was colored in. By the time the corrupt sheriff was run out of town, Benhart's tattoo was complete. "It's pretty, very pretty," Benhart said, checking out her new tattoo in the mirror as Balsley took a cellphone photo of it. TO DONATE Those interested in contributing to the walk can go to mswalk.com and search for Cyndi's Warriors or Cyndi Benhart. Footprint-shaped pledge sheets are available at Community State Bank, 1801 First Ave., Rock Falls, and 3210 E. Lincolnway, Sterling. Donors can write their name and pledge on the sheet and turn it back in at the bank. Donations will be accepted until June 6. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Related Links Cleanup time on the canal Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Fire department puts up location markers in canal City completes guidelines, covenants for RB&W District Rock Falls City Council turns back burning ban After decades of talk, action coming on leaf-burning ban Get breaking news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from Sauk Valley Media! More News Dixon High School April Student of the Month: Patrick JohnsonApril 24, 2017 - 12:30 am Road work ahead: Rock Falls getting list of repairs in orderApril 24, 2017 - 12:22 am Volunteers are on a roll in DixonApril 24, 2017 - 12:30 am Cleanup time on the canalApril 24, 2017 - 12:35 am Dixon woman earns state award for volunteerismApril 24, 2017 - 12:27 am Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MSApril 24, 2017 - 12:28 am Comments National video Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Do you agree with President Trump ordering a missile attack against Syria in the aftermath of Syria’s apparent use of chemical weapons against its own people? Yes No Not sure No opinion    Show results About Us | Contact Us | eEdition | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Find Local Cars Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STAY ALERT FOR HARRISON ROAD TRAFFIC SHIFT WEDNESDAY – Eastbound Harrison Road traffic, west of Route 1, will move onto new pavement on Wednesday, April 12 Next PostNext TRAFFIC ALERT: 10th STREET CLOSURE IN ROANOKE SCHEDULED BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE – Utility work is part of second 10th Street project Search Recent Posts Dusting of snow signals winter on its way Three Wins Sat Night, Announces Married at First Sight NZ Foxminers Launches Revolutionary Mining Chip Silver Has Been Launched To Revolutionize Mature Social Networking Available on Business Wire’s Website and the Associated Press Photo Network: Herbalife Nutrition Sponsored Triathlete Heather Jackson Wins IRONMAN 70.3 Peru and Donates Proceeds to the Peruvian People Affected by the Floods Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Toggle navigation Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Relationships Fashion & Beauty Video Discussion Board Competitions Shopping You are Here : Home Celebrities Celebrity News Scott Baio pays tribute to Erin Moran Scott Baio paid tribute to his 'Happy Days' co-star Erin Moran after she was found dead at the age of just 56. STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN 23 April 2017 Scott Baio has paid tribute to Erin Moran. Erin Moran The 56-year-old actor's former 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi' co-star - who Scott also dated - was found dead in the trailer she shared with her husband and mother-in-law in Corydon, Indiana, over the weekend, and Scott took to Facebook to remember her. He wrote: "May people remember Erin for her contagious smile, warm heart, and animal loving soul. I always hoped she could find peace in her life. God has you now, Erin (sic)." Scott also tweeted: "My sincere condolences. #ErinMoran #HappyDaysFamily (sic)." Scott played Charles 'Chachi' Arcola opposite Erin as Joanie Cunningham in 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi'. Meanwhile, it was been claimed that Erin, 56, had become reclusive in recent months. David Holt, who lived near the actress and her family, told PEOPLE: "I used to see her all the time, walking up to get the mail or just out for a stroll. She always waved or stopped to say hello. But I hadn't seen her for a couple of months. She kind of hibernated at the end. It's so sad. She was a good person." Erin married Walmart employee Steve Fleischmann in 1993 and the couple moved into his mother's trailer in 2011. Erin's publicist explained in 2012: "Erin and her husband did in fact move in with her ailing mother-in-law over a year ago. They are helping take care of her, as any loving family would do." Before they moved to Indiana, TMZ obtained documents showing that her home in Palmdale, California, had been foreclosed on. Tagged in Ron Howard Henry Winkler STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN Videos Competitions Win A Pair Of Tickets To A Special Fan... Win A Copy Of The Pyramid Texts On iTunes Win A Copy Of Away On DVD Win A Signed Sergio Aguero Shirt Win Two Tickets To Madame Tussauds in... Win A Copy Of Broadchurch Series 3 On... Win A Copy Of Catfight On DVD Win A Bottle Of Accessorize Love Lily AND... Most Popular Stars pay tribute to Erin Moran Erin Moran dead Ron Howard to direct and produce Hillbilly Elegy Hot Articles Stars pay tribute to Erin Moran Big Brother Canada Exit Interview – Sindy... [EXCLUSIVE] Katherine Heigl Talks New Movie... 10 Things You Never Knew About Narcissistic... Win A Copy Of Denial On DVD Or A Copy Of... Big Brother Canada Exit Interview – Neda... Agony Aunts Please type a name Please type a valid email address Please type a question Ask Yin & Yang Staff Picks Game of Thrones: Why should Daenerys Targaryen sit on The Iron Throne? Sherrie Hewson quits Loose Women Colton Haynes returning to Arrow early in season 5 LGBT representation in television - Are we moving forward? See the cast of Ordinary Lies series 2 in new first look image Kelvin Fletcher leaving Emmerdale Fashion & Beauty Fashion & Beauty Lingerie Entertainment Movies Music TV & Soaps Competitions Books Sport Horoscopes Bizarre Culture Lifestyle Health Food & Drink Parenting Vegan Dream Interpretation Motoring Relationships Relationships Sex Agony Aunt Weddings Horoscopes Celebrities Celebrity News Interviews Royal Family Videos Showbiz (DE) Videos Celebrity Videos Interviews Movies Exclusives Shopping Gift Guide Lingerie News and Sport News and Views Debate Contact Us Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2017 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved. duration : 0.26691s v4.2 - 2017-04-24 07:55:44
Subscribe Now! 49°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Feedback Submit an Event More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Records Opinion Entertainment Video cars815.com eEdition Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Mom isn’t the only one doing her part to fight MS; her daughters have some skin the game, too Published: Sunday, April 23, 2017 6:52 p.m. CDT • Updated: Monday, April 24, 2017 12:28 a.m. CDT Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Kalin Pierce of Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, works on a tattoo on Cyndi Benhart's shoulder Saturday as her daughter, Danielle Basley, looks on. Cyndi and her daughters got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) As Deena Lander gets a tattoo Saturday afternoon at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, her mom, Cyndi Benhart (back, left) and sister Danielle Balsley chat. The family members got tattoos to show their support for the fight against multiple sclerosis, which Cyndi was diagnosed with in 2002. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Cyndi Benhart looks over the outline of her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Caption(Philip Marruffo/pmarruffo@saukvalley.com) Deena Lander shows off her tattoo Saturday at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison. Deena got an orange MS ribbon to show her support for her mom's fight against multiple sclerosis. Caption(Photo submitted) Cyndi Barnhart's finished tattoo features a monarch butterfly with an orange ribbon. Orange is the color of multiple sclerosis awareness, like pink is the color for breast cancer awareness. Caption(Photo submitted) Danielle Balsley got an orange ribbon tattoo with stars. BY PHILLIP HARTMAN phartman@saukvalley.com 815-625-3600, ext. 5525 @phartman19 ROCK FALLS – When it comes to Cyndi Benhart’s family, ink is thicker than water. That’s why her daughters decided to do more than just walk the walk to show that they stand by their mom in her fight against MS. When Benhart’s daughters decided to take part in the Walk MS fundraiser on May 7 in Rockford, they wanted to come up with a way to show their solidarity with Mom. So, they all decided to get ink together. Benhart, 58, of Rock Falls was diagnosed in 2002 with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, and is undergoing treatment. She's dealing with memory problems and fatigue, and can no longer work. Her team, Cyndi's Warriors, is working to raise $5,000 for research and assistance for MS patients. "Most of my symptoms are internal, cognitive. I can't remember," Benhart said Saturday in the waiting area at Sleeve Weasels in Morrison, where her daughters were getting ready for their tattoos.  Daughter Deena Lander, 29, of Bloomington, got hers first – an orange MS ribbon with stars on her right shoulder from tattoo artist Kalin Pierce. Deena’s sister, Danielle Balsley, 30, of Sterling was next, with a similar tattoo. The three joked with each other and their mother as Pierce worked.  Saturday's tattoos were the ninth for Lander and the sixth for Balsley, while Benhart’s skin art was her second – and it won’t be the last time she finds herself under a needle.  As part of her routine of dealing with MS, she has to give herself shots. She also sees a neurologist in Northbrook three or four times a year. Benhart can still watch her grandchildren, and gets help from her boyfriend, Wes Stern. But sometimes, it can still be tough. "I can't walk through Walmart without getting tired. I have a cane in the car if I need it,” she said. Despite all that, Benhart still manages to keep things in perspective. “I do consider myself quite lucky," she said. It hasn’t always been easy, though. Benhart went to Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, for her diagnosis, and was there for more than a week. "There was a sense of loss. I cried, then I got mad. Then, I said, 'I have MS, but it doesn't have me. It's not going to be who I am,'" she said. Benhart won't actually walk at the fundraiser, but will help with the events. Her daughters said they'll probably walk. As the stars took shape on Lander's shoulder, her mother asked her how she was doing. "It's a little tender," Lander said. As Pierce’s tattoo equipment continued to hum and “Suicide Squad” played on a TV in the background, the sisters discussed their children's movie choices and other topics. Eventually, Lander's stars and ribbon were complete, and Pierce covered the artwork with plastic. Next, it was Benhart's turn, and she adjusted her shirt to let Pierce start work on her shoulder. . Benhart's choice was a monarch butterfly with a ribbon, and Pierce started outlining the butterfly before filling in the details. Balsley asked Pierce whether the shop had family groups come in, and he said they did. Meanwhile, the movie switched over to “The Magnificent Seven,” while the butterfly was colored in. By the time the corrupt sheriff was run out of town, Benhart's tattoo was complete. "It's pretty, very pretty," Benhart said, checking out her new tattoo in the mirror as Balsley took a cellphone photo of it. TO DONATE Those interested in contributing to the walk can go to mswalk.com and search for Cyndi's Warriors or Cyndi Benhart. Footprint-shaped pledge sheets are available at Community State Bank, 1801 First Ave., Rock Falls, and 3210 E. Lincolnway, Sterling. Donors can write their name and pledge on the sheet and turn it back in at the bank. Donations will be accepted until June 6. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Related Links Cleanup time on the canal Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MS Fire department puts up location markers in canal City completes guidelines, covenants for RB&W District Rock Falls City Council turns back burning ban After decades of talk, action coming on leaf-burning ban Get breaking news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from Sauk Valley Media! More News Dixon High School April Student of the Month: Patrick JohnsonApril 24, 2017 - 12:30 am Road work ahead: Rock Falls getting list of repairs in orderApril 24, 2017 - 12:22 am Volunteers are on a roll in DixonApril 24, 2017 - 12:30 am Cleanup time on the canalApril 24, 2017 - 12:35 am Dixon woman earns state award for volunteerismApril 24, 2017 - 12:27 am Family rolls up its sleeves in the fight against MSApril 24, 2017 - 12:28 am Comments National video Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Do you agree with President Trump ordering a missile attack against Syria in the aftermath of Syria’s apparent use of chemical weapons against its own people? Yes No Not sure No opinion    Show results About Us | Contact Us | eEdition | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Find Local Cars Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. U.S.   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Alarming trend turning U.S. streets into war zones Cop's-eye view of 1 of most tumultuous times in recent history for law enforcement Published: 8 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print   It’s one of the most important, disturbing – and ultimately most dangerous – new trends of our time: the demonization and targeting of America’s policemen and women. To expose the left’s unthinkable war on the nation’s law-enforcement personnel and to reveal how to remedy the growing problem, WND has published a powerful new book on the war on cops. And today only, WND readers can get a hardcover copy of law enforcement veteran Jeff Roorda’s explosive book, “The War on Police: How the Ferguson Effect Is Making America Unsafe,” for only $4.95 – a huge $21 discount off the regular $25.95 price! “The War on Police” is a cop’s-eye view of one of the most tumultuous times in recent history for law enforcement, which has spawned a growing movement, fueled by a biased news media and Black Lives Matter, to demonize police across the country. In the wake of the highly publicized shooting of Michael Brown after he robbed a store and attacked Officer Darren Wilson, the media and race-baiters immediately vilified the police. Even though the U.S. Justice Department, having reviewed 35,000 pages of records and forensic evidence and conducted hundreds of interviews, was forced to exonerate Officer Wilson, that meant nothing to angry protesters and the political and media elite. The Obama administration chose to “let the embers of civil unrest burn, fanned by the rhetoric of opportunistic race dividers,” says the president of the Law Enforcement Legal Defense Fund. Indeed, the battle lines had already been drawn, and the attacks on police that followed Michael Brown’s death and Officer Wilson’s acquittal mushroomed into an all-out war. Complete with an exclusive one-on-one interview with Officer Darren Wilson, “The War on Police” starts by setting the record straight about the realities on the ground in Ferguson, repudiating the shameful movement against police. Author Jeff Roorda was law enforcement’s most outspoken champion throughout the grueling ordeal in Missouri, offering a unique perspective on the impossible situation police departments nationwide encounter as they face-off against the media, politicians, protesters and criminals. Roorda analyzes how, nearly two years later, the media perversely continue to slant story after story, attacking the methods police use to protect communities and themselves from criminals, despite the reality that before the Ferguson incident, crime had been declining for two decades. Yet after Ferguson and the war on police it ignited, violent crime surged in cities across the country. “The War on Police: How the Ferguson Effect Is Making America Unsafe” examines how fear of retaliation from politicians has seriously restricted police efforts to stop the thugs. Roorda looks at major cities across the country and shows how the bad guys – who know the police are now afraid to show force – are running rampant, leading to a sharp increase in thefts, shootings and other crimes. The cops are maligned alternately for using too much force, and then for not stopping the violence. This dangerous war against the nation’s police departments is making America increasingly unsafe and, ironically, turning our streets into war zones. Law enforcement veteran Jeff Roorda About the author: Jeff Roorda, a retired police officer and a four-term Missouri State Representative, currently is the business manager for the St. Louis Police Officers Association, the union that represents police in St. Louis, Missouri. In the wake of the shooting of Michael Brown, Roorda was the go-to police commentator for CNN’s coverage of the Ferguson incident and its aftermath, appearing on ABC, CNN, FOX and other news networks. Save $21, get “The War on Police” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly. Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy of “The War on Police” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories 'Dangerous' new trend: Angry mobs of U.S. students shut down speech Top sheriff: Democrats destroying black community Protesters to 'go hard' during Trump inaugural Black, female cop shot dead, manhunt for suspect Trump right again? Crime soars and cops under attack 'War on Police' rages with 4 officers under fire in 1 day 'Lot of the same faces' still fighting election results Election Day just another day to die for police ACLU goes ballistic over free speech for cops National-anthem protests blamed for plunging football ratings WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Why isn't Bill O'Reilly crying sex discrimination? STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Trump's 2 biggest wins in his 1st 100 days THE LEFT UNHINGED Jesse Lee Peterson The lynching of Bill O'Reilly CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Guess what's celebrating its 510th birthday THE HOLY LAND Ben Kinchlow War against Israel is spiritual More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'Hero' – an unforgettable new baseball movie – now only $6.95! Forgiveness and family are key in latest from 'Alone Yet Not Alone' producers Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Contactmusic Videos Artists Photos Movies Music News Home Login / Register Account / Logout Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Contactmusic > Scott Baio > News > Scott Baio pays tribute to Erin Moran Scott Baio pays tribute to Erin Moran By Bang Showbiz in Lifestyle / Showbiz on 23 April 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Scott Baio Scott Baio Erin Moran Ron Howard Henry Winkler Scott Baio paid tribute to his 'Happy Days' co-star Erin Moran after she was found dead at the age of just 56. Scott Baio has paid tribute to Erin Moran. The 56-year-old actor's former 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi' co-star - who Scott also dated - was found dead in the trailer she shared with her husband and mother-in-law in Corydon, Indiana, over the weekend, and Scott took to Facebook to remember her. He wrote: ''May people remember Erin for her contagious smile, warm heart, and animal loving soul. I always hoped she could find peace in her life. God has you now, Erin (sic).'' Scott also tweeted: ''My sincere condolences. #ErinMoran #HappyDaysFamily (sic).'' Scott played Charles 'Chachi' Arcola opposite Erin as Joanie Cunningham in 'Happy Days' and 'Joanie Loves Chachi'. Meanwhile, it was been claimed that Erin, 56, had become reclusive in recent months. David Holt, who lived near the actress and her family, told PEOPLE: ''I used to see her all the time, walking up to get the mail or just out for a stroll. She always waved or stopped to say hello. But I hadn't seen her for a couple of months. She kind of hibernated at the end. It's so sad. She was a good person.'' Erin married Walmart employee Steve Fleischmann in 1993 and the couple moved into his mother's trailer in 2011. Erin's publicist explained in 2012: ''Erin and her husband did in fact move in with her ailing mother-in-law over a year ago. They are helping take care of her, as any loving family would do.'' Before they moved to Indiana, TMZ obtained documents showing that her home in Palmdale, California, had been foreclosed on. Contactmusic Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest StumbleUpon Reddit Fark Email Comment Follow Scott Baio Advertisement Related Scott Baio pays tribute to Erin Moran Scott Baio Verbally Attacked By Protesters At Donald Trump Inauguration - Report Scott Baio Says He Was Attacked By The Wife Of Red Hot Chili Peppers' Chad Smith For Supporting Trump Scott Baio Accuses Chad Smith's Wife Of Attack Over Trump Support The Things They Say: 5331142 The Things They Say: 5181665 Scott Baio's wife has a brain tumour Advertisement Scott Baio's Wife Battling Brain Tumour Fascinating Fact: 3323861 Baio Opens Up About Baby Daughter's Medical Battle The Things They Say 8174 The Things They Say 6707 Beautiful Stranger's Honesty Ended Baio's Playboy Days Baio's Baby Will Be A Girl Advertisement Suggested Star Wars: The Last Jedi - Trailer Royal Blood - Lights Out Video Advertisement Declan McKenna - Brazil Video 'Doctor Who': Peter Capaldi Teases "Complicated" Regeneration This Doctor won't be saying 'goodbye' in the same way as those who have left the series in recent years. Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri - Trailer Advertisement Movies and Trailers Bugsy Malone Movie Review Fourteen-year-old Jodie Foster had a very busy and very weird year in 1976. There was... Bugsy Malone Movie Review Fourteen-year-old Jodie Foster had a very busy and very weird year in 1976. There was... SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 Movie Review There's already talk about SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 being one of the worst movies of... The Bread, My Sweet Movie Review Love loves to love love. The Bread, My Sweet is a cutesy romance set within... Cursed Movie Review Friday, February 25, 2005If you're looking for a review of "Cursed" or "Man of the... Actors Index: 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Help Contact Us T&Cs Privacy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Contactmusic.com Ltd, all rights reserved Contactmusic Home Editors Recommended Editors Recommended News News Headlines News Headlines Trending Headlines Music / Festival News Music / Festival News Musicians & bands in the news Movie / TV / Theatre News Movie / TV / Theatre News Actors & filmmakers in the news Lifestyle / Showbiz News Lifestyle / Showbiz News Celebrities in the news News Archive News Archive Music Music Reviews Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music Movies Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Most Mentioned Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Photos Latest Photos Popular Photos Latest Photos Updated Galleries Most Mentioned Most Mentioned People in Photos Photo Archive Photo Archive Artists Trending Artists Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Actors Filmmakers Celebrities Celebrities Bands and Musicians Bands Musicians Interviews Interviews Videos Music Video Music Video Top Music Videos Movie Trailers Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Video Chart Video Chart Most Mentioned Most Menioned Artists in Video ✕ Music Video Movie Trailers Video Chart Most Mentioned Videos Music Video Top Music Videos Videos Most Menioned Artists in Video Videos Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Videos Video Chart Trending Artists Actors and Filmmakers Bands and Musicians Celebrities Interviews Artists Trending Artists   Artists Actors Filmmakers Artists Bands Musicians Artists Celebrities   Artists Interviews Latest Photos Popular Photos Most Mentioned Photo Archive Photos Latest Photos Latest Galleries Photos Popular Photos Popular Galleries Photos Most Mentioned People in Photos Photos Photo Archive Go Back in Time using our Photos archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Movie Trailers Movie Reviews Most Mentioned Movies Movie Reviews Best Rated Movies Movies Movie Trailers Top Movie Trailers Movies Most Mentioned Actors and Filmmakers in Film Music Reviews Music Video Most Mentioned Music Music Reviews Best Rated Music Reviews Music Music Video Top Music Videos Music Most Mentioned Bands and Musicians in Music News Headlines Music / Festival News Movie / TV / Theatre News Lifestyle / Showbiz News News Archive News News Headlines Trending Headlines News Music / Festival News musicians & bands in the news News Movie / TV / Theatre News actors & filmmakers in the news News Lifestyle / Showbiz News celebrities in the news News Press Releases News News Archive Go Back in Time using our News archive to see what happened on a particular day in the past. Editors Recommended Home Editors Recommended
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 4/23/2017 5:06 PM Ecos donates $500,000 to Roosevelt, encourages immigrant dream Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks, president and CEO of Earth Friendly Products, right, steps to the microphone to present a $500,000 check to Roosevelt University President Ali Malekzadeh during a 50th anniversary celebration at the Ecos plant in Addison. Ecos' Gladys Beber, chief administrative officer, holds the check. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   A timeline illustrates Earth Friendly Products' 50th anniversary, celebrated at the company's Addison plant. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks, president and CEO of Earth Friendly Products, left, is congratulated by Gov. Bruce Rauner during a 50th anniversary celebration at the Ecos Addison plant. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks, president and CEO of Earth Friendly Products, speaks to luncheon guests during a 50th anniversary celebration at the Ecos Addison plant. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks, president and CEO of Earth Friendly Products, left, accepts a plaque from U.S. Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi, who entered a proclamation into the Congressional Record in honor of the company's green products. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks, president and CEO of Earth Friendly Products, left, is congratulated for her company's green products by Gov. Bruce Rauner during a 50th anniversary celebration at the Ecos plant in Addison. Daniel White | Staff Photographer   Anna Marie Kukec Follow @AMKukec     Eftichios "Van" Vlahakis left his native Greece to make a better life for himself in the Chicago suburbs in 1953. With $22 in his pocket, Vlahakis slept in homeless shelters while working as a busboy and waiter to earn enough money to go to Roosevelt University. After he graduated, he eventually founded the environmentally friendly cleaning products company, Earth Friendly Products, also known as Ecos, from the Greek word for home. On Friday, Ecos donated $500,000 to Roosevelt University and the grateful alma mater named the organic chemistry lab after the late entrepreneur. "We rely on the generosity of our alumni," said Ali R. Malekzadeh, himself an immigrant from Iran who became a U.S. citizen. "About 65 percent of our student body are first-generation, their parents were immigrants. It is perhaps the most diverse student body in the Midwest." Roosevelt has about 4,500 students, including 800 at a campus in Schaumburg. Cypress, California-based Ecos, which has operations in Addison, marked its 50th anniversary and the check presentation on Friday during a luncheon with about 200 employees, state and local officials, including Addison Mayor Rich Veenstra, Gov. Bruce Rauner, U.S. Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi and State Sen. Tom Cullerton. The company makes Ecos-branded green household cleaning products, including liquid hand soap, dish soap, laundry detergent as well as paper towels and toilet paper. Products are sold at Jewel, Whole Foods, Wal-Mart and elsewhere. Vlahakis, who died of a heart attack in 2014, was praised as a visionary and pioneer of environmentally friendly products for people and households long before green became trendy. His daughter, Kelly Vlahakis-Hanks took over as CEO and she has since moved the headquarters from Addison to California and opened offices in Washington, D.C., New Jersey and Greece for global distribution. "We've had tremendous growth and our future is bright," Vlahakis-Hanks said. "That's because we've been doing it right for a very long time and consumers want green products and we're poised to deliver even more to them." Rauner said Ecos was built on the same ideals and hard work of immigrants that made Illinois and the country great. "We're proud of our immigrant heritage in Illinois," said Rauner, "and that's what the American dream is all about." Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Schaumburg Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Business Manufacturing Addison Schaumburg Bruce Rauner Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers All Sections epaper Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 12:00 AM, April 24, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:00 AM, April 24, 2017 Social dialogues to prevent disasters like Rana Plaza: analysts 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Rehman Sobhan, chairman of the Centre for Policy Dialogue, speaks at a discussion on “Catalysing social dialogue in the RMG sector of Bangladesh” at a city hotel in Dhaka yesterday. The think-tank and ILO jointly organised the dialogue on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of the Rana Plaza industrial disaster. Photo: Star Star Business Report Social dialogues can be introduced in the garment sector for establishing healthy industrial relations between workers and managements, said analysts yesterday. Foreign retailers should ensure a price that would facilitate maintaining decent work and social dialogue, said Khondaker Golam Moazzem, research director of the Centre for Policy Dialogue. He went on to urge the authorities of the sourcing companies' home countries to put emphasis on ensuring social dialogue in the supplying countries while procuring products. Moazzem's comments came at a discussion on 'catalysing social dialogue in the RMG sector of Bangladesh'. The CPD and the International Labour Organisation jointly organised the dialogue on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of the Rana Plaza industrial disaster that took lives of more than 1,134 workers and left nearly 2,500 injured. The private think-tank conducted a review of the initiatives taken in the aftermath of the disaster. Some 15 injured workers were picked at random and interviewed. Moazzem shared the findings of the study at the event. Of the 15 workers interviewed, 6 were jobless four years on, and the average income of those who managed to find themselves gainfully employed was lower than what they earned previously in most cases. The study found that 12 workers took treatment in the last one year and their average monthly expenditure for treatment was about Tk 3,400, which comes to Tk 41,000 in a year. The progress of inspection of 1,549 factories under the national initiatives was highly disappointing. There was no follow-up inspection on the remediation work after the inspection carried out by Buet and other organisations with the support of the ILO. “The remaining period of the stipulated timeline of Accord and Alliance is crucial in order to complete the remediation works,” Moazzem said. Incidences of unrest are higher in BGMEA member factories while lesser number of incidents takes place in factories in Narayanganj and Chittagong, he said. Moazzem suggested an effective social dialogue between the manufacturers, buyers, brands, union leaders and workers for better labour rights and for strengthening workplace safety. Workers have to be made fundamental partners in the enterprises where they work in order to establish a balanced relationship between the employers and employees, said Rehman Sobhan, chairman of the CPD. The Rana Plaza disaster brought to light the whole weakness in the governance system, shedding light on a complete lack of oversight and a politically influential property owner who could use his weight to ensure the enforcement mechanism is not put in place, he said. “I have not noticed, on the anniversary of Rana Plaza over the last four years, any discussion in the highest body of the land, our parliament, to see whether progress has been made and what level of accountability has been achieved and exercised.” This is a question that the lawmakers should address, Sobhan said. The central element is that the sector operates in a deeply unjust global value chain where a $5 shirt made in Bangladesh is sold at $25 at Wal-Mart stores or at much higher prices in countries such as Sweden, he said. “Where exactly does the $20 go? Is this a natural working of the market mechanism or a manifestation of an unjust global order?” He said the current business model forces suppliers to squeeze their workers as much as they can as they would have to produce the shirt at $5.  “Unless there is a major investigation of a professional nature, a political nature and an international nature to de-construct the value chain and see how it can be made to work, I personally don't believe discussions will not produce any result.” If the structural problems that were at the heart of the Rana Plaza disaster are not addressed, many of the problems will reoccur in the future and people will forget about these issues five years from now, Sobhan added.  Trade union leaders, researchers, diplomats, businessmen and manufacturers from home and abroad attended the dialogue that was moderated by Debapriya Bhattacharya, distinguished fellow of the CPD. Srinivas Reddy, country director of ILO, Bangladesh echoed the same. Recent unrest in the Ashulia area took place because of mistrust between workers and managements. Social dialogue will help reduce mistrust and establish a healthy relationship between stakeholders, he added. Babul Akter, a union leader, said almost all the reforms in the garment sector have been done under pressure from the international communities and retailers.  The factory owners are not so much interested for reforms by their own, he said. Nazma Akter, president of the Sommilito Garment Sramik Federation, a workers' right platform, said this is not the time for internal fights.  “We need to know how to overcome the challenges. The whole supply chain has the challenge of corruption,” Akter said. Mahmud Hasan Khan, vice-president of the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, said after the Rana Plaza building collapse a total of 591 trade unions were registered. Of the unionised factories, 260 are running and 331 have been shut down. “We should conduct a research on whether the factories have been closed down because of trade unions or not.” The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone. Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Uranium behind deaths in haors? Gun-toting man now DU teacher Hotter than the summer sun Rare fish found in Kaptai Lake Will accept my son, not Apu: Shakib Khan ‘If not a great cricketer, I want to be remembered as a good human being’ Noted singer-composer Lucky Akhand no more Michael Clarke wishes Jaya Ahsan Suchitra Sen’s Pabna house now open for all Abandoned baby Anisha no more Garment makers line up to hit $500m in exports WB forecasts 6.4% growth in 2018 for Bangladesh 2 Bangladeshis in Forbes' young social entrepreneurs WB to give $6 billion credit Steelmakers bumping up billet production Footwear market expands fast as demand rises Bangladesh's GDP to grow 6.4pc next year HSBC: Powering Bangladesh Prime Bank writes off Bismillah Group loans Operators oppose proposal to hike spectrum prices 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live More from Business IMF members set aside trade split as French vote rattles nerves GP logs hefty profits Indian techies, IT firms fret as Trump orders US visa review Investors push for more info on lobbying at US companies Two businessmen acquitted of 1996 stock scam charges In case you missed it What next for our cricket? A boy extraordinaire No interest in Hollywood? The Wows and Woes of winter 2016 Warmest Year on Record Globally Multimedia you may like TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.24) Today's Gallery (2017.04.23) Today's Gallery (2017.04.22) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.21) Today's Gallery (2017.04.20) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.04.18) facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Op-ed: The idea of using antitrust to break up tech 'monopolies' is spectacularly wrong Recent editorials calling for antitrust action against tech giants are misguided Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft are in brutal constant competition Venture-backed startups with some ludicrous ideas are a sign of a vibrant sector, not monopolization There's no clear harm to consumers in terms of pricing power or selection Matt Rosoff | @mattrosoff 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Jim Urquhart In this Nov. 21, 2011 photo, Bill Gates arrives to testify at the Frank E. Moss federal courthouse. A pair of editorials in The New York Times and Business Insider exclaimed recently that the power in the tech industry is concentrated among too few companies, with both publications calling for a new round of antitrust regulation akin to the Department of Justice action against Microsoft in the 1990s. This argument is stunningly, spectacularly wrong. Yes, the five big tech companies—Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft—are more powerful collectively than the tech industry has ever been. They're the five largest companies in the U.S., as measured by market cap, and have been driving most of the stock market's gains since January. It's also easy to argue, as Matt Stoller does in the Business Insider piece, that innovation in the tech industry is in a lull. Venture capital-funded companies like Juicero, which sells a $400 juicer, as a highly visible example. (A recent Bloomberg investigation showed that the juice packets could actually be squeezed by hand to the nearly same effect as the $400 juicer, which apparently irritated some of the start-up's early investors.) Yet what both of these facts actually demonstrate is that the tech industry is one of the nation's most vibrant, subject to constant competition and disruption—precisely the opposite of the market characteristics antitrust law was meant to stop. Consider: The Big Five are in constant competition. The fact that there are five powerful companies at the top of this industry, rather than one (as was arguably the case with Microsoft in the 1990s) should be a clear clue that the tech industry is exceptionally vibrant. In fact, it's not clear that any of these companies has an actual monopoly, and it depends on how you define the market. Does Google have a monopoly search market? Probably. But it makes its money from online advertising, where it faces clear competition from Facebook. Amazon arguably has a monopoly only if you define e-commerce as a separate market from retail. Apple doesn't seem to have a monopoly anywhere. But more to the point, these five companies are in constant battle, both at the margins and in their core areas of business. Consider the following: Apple invented the modern smartphone business with the iPhone in 2007, but Google quickly rolled out a competing platform, Android, and licensed it broadly to the point where it now has more than 80 percent of the global market; Amazon is constantly improving product search in an effort to undercut one of Google's core sources of revenue—search ads that appear when the user seeks information on a particular product; Facebook is competing against Google for every dollar available in online advertising, particularly in video; Apple has its own suite of mobile productivity apps that compete with Microsoft's Office apps on its devices, while Google has a strong online version of these kinds of apps; Amazon, Microsoft, and Google are in brutal competition for the cloud computing market, which itself is disrupting traditional software vendors like Oracle and SAP, with hundreds of billions of dollars of corporate IT budgets at stake. And on and on. This isn't a case of five companies sitting comfortably on their piles of gold and colluding to stay out of each other's core areas. It's all-out war, year after year. The evidence of fast disruption in the industry is clear. Contrary to Stoller's argument, Google did not beat Microsoft because of antitrust litigation; the areas where Microsoft was restricted from competing related to web browsers and forcing PC makers to accept and reject certain software as a condition for getting Windows. Google became a threat to Microsoft because it solved an entirely different problem that Microsoft hadn't even been focused on—organizing the burgeoning mass of information on the Internet in a way that made it easy for people to find what they were looking for. By the time Microsoft woke up and tried to beat Google with its own search engine, MSN Search (later Bing) in 2005, it was already too late. Getty Images Larry Page chief executive officer of Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc. There are plenty of other examples. As recently as 2007, Microsoft had the only operating system that mattered—Windows. A decade later, Windows is in third place behind Google's Android and Apple's iOS, which conquered mobile computing devices and caught Microsoft flat-footed. Facebook swept into an online advertising market dominated by Google in 2012, and ended up capturing a huge portion of mobile online ads, catching Google flat-footed. And on and on. A vibrant start-up market is a sign of competition. Yes, Juicero was a silly idea. (Although as former Microsoft exec and current venture capitalist Steven Sinofsky pointed out to me on Twitter, the company that owns the similar Keurig drink-pod system sold for $14 billion in 2015.) But the fact that these silly ideas are getting funded is a sign of vibrancy, not a sign that innovation is being squashed by monopolists. Take for example Snap, which is losing hundreds of millions of dollars a year, but was funded by venture capitalists to the tune of $2.65 billion before going public earlier this year at a valuation over $20 billion. It is now causing enough panic at Facebook that the company is imitating Snapchat's core features as fast as its developers can code them. Or look at Jet.com, a venture-funded competitor to Amazon that Wal-Mart snapped up for over $3 billion last year. Or on the enterprise side, Okta set out to solve a problem in an area that Microsoft had dominated for most of the last decade—how to sign employees in to the apps they need to use, without making them enter a username and password every time. Microsoft's solution was designed back when most companies used apps from a few vendors, running on their own in-house computers; Okta saw that companies were moving toward using cloud-based apps from a wide variety of vendors and exploited that niche. It went public earlier this month at a market cap of over $2 billion. Source: Okta Okta co-founder and CEO Todd McKinnon. Price competition benefiting customers. U.S. antitrust law focuses on harm to consumers—it's not enough for a company to be dominant, it must be using that dominance to raise prices or lower selection for consumers. (It's different in Europe, where the dominance itself can be cause for restriction.) The evidence is quite to the contrary. Amazon is in brutal competition with physical retailers to offer consumers the lowest prices on almost anything they could want to buy. Google and Facebook offer their services for free to consumers, and are fiercely competitive when it comes to their paying customers—advertisers. Meanwhile, Amazon, Microsoft, and Google are locked in a price war for cloud computing. Venture capital-subsidized start-ups like Uber give consumers more choices at lower prices than they've ever had. Antitrust is a blunt instrument No doubt, these five companies are powerful. There may indeed be cases where regulators need to step in and restrict these companies from harming consumers. For instance, you could argue that Google and Facebook have too much information about people's web-surfing and buying habits, and that they should be subject to strict privacy restrictions on how they use that information. You could argue that Amazon's cutthroat negotiations with suppliers will have a long-term negative effect on price and selection by forcing smaller retailers and e-tailers out of business, and look for ways to regulate that. Regulators should certainly be on the lookout for any evidence of collusion between the big powers in tech—as happened with the class action suit over employee salaries at Apple, Google, and several other big companies that was settled in 2015. But antitrust law is a blunt instrument meant to be used in cases of obvious market dominance that's clearly hurting consumers. That's not at all what the tech industry looks like today. Matt RosoffEditorial Director, Digital Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL ---
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Celebrity Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium TIME Health Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Premium Free Trial Gift Box Offer Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More More Special Offers Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content People Celebrity News Watch PEN Photos Style Celebrity Food Royals Premium Shop Celebrity Erin Moran Said Her First Husband Struggled with Her Fame, Wanted Her to be ‘Unrecognizable’ By Stephanie Petit Posted on April 23, 2017 at 12:05pm EDT Share Tweet Email Erin Moran’s appearance on Celebrity Fit Club had her speaking about more than her struggle to stay healthy — on the show, the Happy Days actress opened up about her short-lived first marriage to Rocky Ferguson. Moran — who died on Saturday at the age of 56 — told PEOPLE in a 2007 interview promoting the show that her first husband wanted her to “not be recognizable” to fans. “He wanted me to lie in who I was and if anyone recognized me to say no I wasn’t,” she said. “And that’s the pressure he put on me.” When asked if this was because Ferguson wanted to be the center of attention, Moran said she thought that to be true but didn’t want to speak further on it. “I really don’t want to delve into his personality or why he did things,” she said. “I don’t even want to go there because it’s pointless.” Ron Galella/WireImage   The pair divorced in 1993. Moran later married Steve Fleischmann, a Walmart employee, in 1993. The couple moved into Fleischmann’s mother’s trailer in Indiana so Moran could act as her caregiver, her publicist confirmed to ABC News in June 2012. Officers in Harrison County in Indiana responded to reports of an unresponsive female in Corydon, Indiana, on Saturday afternoon. First responders determined that the woman, identified as Moran, had deceased, PEOPLE has confirmed (the news was first reported by TMZ). An autopsy is pending. Moran most famously played Joanie Cunningham, the younger sister to Richie Cunningham (played by Ron Howard) on Happy Days, which ran from 1974 to 1984. She also starred in the spin-off, Joanie Loves Chachi from 1982 to 1983, which followed her character’s romance with Chachi, played by Scott Baio. Moran also appeared on The Love Boat, Murder She Wrote and The Bold and the Beautiful. Show Full Article Sponsored Stories More People Logo TV Feud: Ryan Murphy Talks Bette and Joan Finale and a 'Super Juicy' Season 2 Celebrity Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' Books 22 Super-Revealing Celeb Memoirs to Read Right Now More Erin Moran Said Her First Husband Struggled with Her Fame, Wanted Her to be ‘Unrecognizable’ Anti-Fur Protesters Disrupt Kylie Jenner’s Las Vegas Appearance Gwyneth Paltrow Hangs out with ‘Best Girls’ Demi Moore and Sara Foster at Star-Studded Birthday Bash Erin Moran's Tragic Life After Happy Days: From TV Star to Living in a Trailer Park Happy Days Cast Remembers Costar Erin Moran: She 'Made Everyone Around Her Feel Better' Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Erin Moran’s Neighbors Say She Was ‘Full of Energy’ Before She Died in Her Mother-in-Law’s Trailer 2 Amber Heard and Tesla Founder Elon Musk Show PDA During First Public Outing in Australia 3 Kylie Jenner Flips Out After Blac Chyna Trashes One of Her Homes: 'It's a Little Disrespectful' 4 ‘I Don’t Know Where to Start’: Kim Zolciak-Biermann’s 4-Year-Old Son Hospitalized After Being Bitten by Dog 5 Burt Reynolds, 81, Makes Rare Public Appearance While Promoting New Film See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Snapchat All products featured were editorially selected. PEOPLE.com may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links. Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/is-it-time-for-whole-foods-to-sell-out-1492803267 Hot Stocks Is it Time for Whole Foods to Sell Out? The high-end grocer is facing increasing competition, but could fetch a nice premium if another company like Kroger tries to buy it. By Avi Salzman April 21, 2017 3:34 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Whole Foods investors could get a premium for their stock in a buyout. Photo: Getty Images Whole Foods Market, once the most feared name in the grocery business, is now struggling to increase profits as competition has increased. The company has outlined a new strategy to slow its store growth and refocus on appealing to its core customers, rather than get drawn into price wars with lower-end supermarkets. But Whole Foods’ best bet may be to put itself on the market and hope for a nice buyout premium. And even though Whole Foods has spent years differentiating itself as a non-traditional grocer, one analyst thinks its best partner could end up being Kroger, about as traditional a chain as you can get. Credit Suisse analyst Edward Kelly thinks trends are only getting worse in the grocery business, and investors could get their best returns if another company swoops in with a handful of cash. More from Barron’s Next Whole Foods: Why Investors Are Suddenly Excited Again This Number Should Worry Whole Foods Can Whole Foods Keep Up In a Trader Joe’s World? “The option to unlock value in Whole Foods through a sale of the company is real, in our view,” wrote Credit Suisse analyst Edward Kelly. “Food retail in the U.S. is a mature, oversaturated, and still fragmented industry that is experiencing increased competition from both existing players like Wal-Mart looking to drive traffic and new players like online/hard discount entering the market.” We’ve heard before that Amazon has considered buying Whole Foods, but Kelly thinks that Kroger would also make a good suitor. Kroger controls 11% of the market, second only to Wal-Mart, but is unlikely to grab much more market share because of rising competition, Kelly argues. An acquisition would allow the company to cut costs and gain new shoppers. There’s been more momentum toward a sale lately. Hedge fund Jana Partners, which has been buying Whole Foods stock, is reportedly interested in testing the market to see if anyone wants to buy the company. A Kroger rep did not respond to a question about whether the company has considered buying Whole Foods. Big Picture: Whole Foods is struggling, but a buyout could reward investors handsomely. Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular Why the Tesla Hype Might Not Translate to Trucks The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Is it Time for Whole Foods to Sell Out? The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SIZE MATTERS The stupid reason that larger clothes fit so badly Written by Marc Bain Obsession Fashion April 23, 2017 How women's clothes sizing works Arielle Ray Your browser does not support HTML5 video. How women's clothes sizing works 0:00 0:00 Share this video https://qz.com/932354 Share Written by Marc Bain Obsession Fashion April 23, 2017 A common complaint among women who wear sizes 16 and up is that if they can find items in their size at all, it’s even harder to find clothes that fit well. More than just an annoyance, the problem can be dispiriting and humiliating, and leave women feeling excluded from fashion. What’s especially absurd about this situation is that the average American woman is now a size 16 to 18, according to the most recent research—suggesting that most women in America are struggling to find clothes that fit right. Of course it’s just the natural fact that not all bodies share the same shape, even at the same size. But part of the blame for the problem, according to industry insiders, lies with the fashion brands themselves. The issue is the way many clothing companies create their range of sizes—by using a single fit model and mathematically scaling up and down based on that one person’s measurements. At larger sizes in particular, the result could be tops that are too small in the bust or overly boxy; bottoms that fit in the rear but not at the waist; seams and pockets hitting at all the wrong places. There is a solution: All brands need to do is fit their clothes on larger models. The trouble is that doing this for every garment costs time and money, and many brands aren’t willing to invest that—either because they don’t care to or they don’t realize they need to. That can create a self-reinforcing cycle, where brands aren’t able to sell their ill-fitting, larger-sized garments, so they conclude that they don’t have many larger-size customers. In turn, they don’t design their new products with those customers in mind—ensuring they won’t win them over. The upshot? Brands are probably missing out on sales they could make if they just fit their clothes better, and customers who wear larger sizes are left with few options that work for them. How fit problems start The fit models brands use to calibrate their sizing aren’t like the runway or editorial models most people associate with fashion, but they’re equally important, if not more so. Unlike runway models, who are preternaturally tall and thin, fit models represent something like the platonic ideal of a brand’s real-life customers. Their bodies are the perfect proportions for, say, the standard women’s size 6—one of the most popular sizes brands hire. And unlike mannequins (paywall), they allow you to see how clothes move, and can offer feedback if something doesn’t feel right. Here’s how it generally works: A women’s clothing brand will find the fit model it likes and create its size 6 based on her measurements. Then, in a process called grading, it will use software to mathematically scale the dimensions up or down for its other sizes. For each increase in tagged size, a brand might add one inch to the bust of a shirt, room in the shoulders, and length in the sleeves. Each company has its own rules for how its clothes change from size to size.  A single fit model could be the basis for one label’s entire range of sizes  A single fit model could be the basis for the entire range of sizes at one label—or at several. Some fit models become industry favorites and the template for the fit of numerous lines. The method works well enough for sizes close to the fit model’s, but potentially less so as the sizes move away. “When you’re four or five sizes away from a fit model size, you’re talking about something that’s kind of been stretched and distorted, and you’re hoping it fits somebody,” explains Abe Burmeister, founder of clothing brand Outlier, which sells only men’s clothing now but for years had a women’s line as well. “They work to a pretty decent extent. But at the same time it’s nothing like when something is tailored to you, or somebody very similar to you.” Human bodies generally don’t scale up uniformly with each increase in size. There can be much more of a difference between a size 8 and a size 12 than there is between a size 8 and a size 4. This issue is at the heart of the poorly fitting clothes many brands offer their customers in bigger sizes, according to Mark-Evan Blackman, a professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York who teaches fitting and formerly had his own large-sized brand. “When certain size ranges are chronically not fitting well,” he says, “it’s because they’re not being fit and are being mathematically graded up.” If you evenly grade the bust on a size 6 up to a size 12, for instance, it’s likely to turn out too small. Brands need to design for all sizes, starting with their fit models. (Joel Ryan/Invision/AP) How brands can create clothes that fit The problem is fixable, though, and the solution isn’t complicated. “Fit regularly on a professional fit model who is a size 18 or the size most sold by the brand, and conduct wear tests and/or size sets,” says Dale Noelle, the founder and president of True Model Management, a modeling agency that works with a large number of fit models. Wear tests refer to when brands give models or employees sample items to wear and wash over time before producing them for the market. Size sets are when a brand fits a garment on fit models in multiple sizes (the ideal practice). Noelle, who was a fit model herself for many years, says they allow a company to confirm that the grading rules they’ve applied fit all their sizes well—so that pockets are hitting in the right place, for instance, and the dimensions look right on most customers. There’s a bit potential benefit for brands taking these steps: Customers who wear larger sizes tend to be loyal shoppers once they find a brand that fits them—as the success of the millennial-favorite ModCloth has found, marketing its quirky, hip, vintage-inspired style to a wide range of sizes. The Walmart-owned e-commerce company Jet recently purchased the company. 👆🏽👆🏽👆🏽 Dresses we're fallin' for. 🍂🍁 Which is your fave? (Link in bio!) A post shared by ModCloth (@modcloth) on Sep 7, 2016 at 11:56am PDT Marshall Cohen, chief retail analyst for research firm NPD Group, estimates that sales of what are generally called plus-size clothes, most often meaning size 16 and up, are about half what they could be if the fashion industry made more options available. And why they don’t Brands don’t generally share their fitting practices outside the company, but Blackman calls it “industry knowledge” that most do not use multiple fit models for sizing. Noelle’s experience backs his statement. She says most companies use one fit model for each of their lines. The typical model used for missy sizing—the industry name for the common run of sizes—is a 6. Brands with plus lines often will hire a size 18 model for fittings and grade its other sizes based on her measurements. But many brands still don’t have dedicated lines for their larger customers, and if they offer sizes above 16, they may still be basing the measurements on that size 6 model. One reason many brands don’t hire fit models in different sizes is the cost. Depending on the city and model, they can command rates (paywall) of more than $100 an hour, or upwards of twice that. Multiply the figure by several models trying on a range of garments—since the cut of a garment can also affect how it should be sized up—and the cost can add up, especially for small brands. But Burmeister believes there may be another underlying factor at play. “Our stuff forms a pretty clean bell curve around the fit model size, and that’s how we plan and how we order and everything,” he says. “I realized it’s a self-fulfilling prophecy.”  Brands interpret those low sales as meaning they don’t have an audience of larger-size customers  What he means is that the sizes closest to the fit model sell the best, since they usually offer customers the best fit and look good in the dressing room. The further away from the fit model’s size that you get, the worse the fit becomes and less likely customers are to buy the garment. Brands interpret those low sales as meaning they don’t have an audience of larger-size customers, which convinces them it’s not worth investing the resources in appealing to that audience—such as by also hiring a larger-sized fit model. That’s why the fit problems in larger sizes continue. It’s similar to the way brick-and-mortar stores may come to believe customers who wear larger sizes don’t shop there, when what’s keeping the customers at bay is actually a poor shopping experience for them. Solutions require investment Burmeister admits his brand suffered from this issue when it had a women’s line, and understands what a challenge it is to overcome. “Every time I read articles and people are pointing out that plus-size women are under-represented, especially given how large the market is, well you know the sales data probably at all these brands is telling them that they have no sales there,” he says. “Even if you wanted to combat that, if your sales data is telling you ‘don’t bother,’ it takes a real commitment in order to get there.” To complicate matters further, many brands consider just one body shape, when Blackman says women generally fall into one of four different shapes, which can be more pronounced in larger sizes: A woman’s figure might run straight from top to bottom; she might have an hourglass figure; and then there are women who are larger on top than on the bottom, and vice versa. Yin to your yang. ⠀ Shop our latest black and white faves for the ultimate any-occasion wardrobe. Endless options through the link in our bio. ⠀ #nike #nikewomen #style #ootd A post shared by NikeWomen (@nikewomen) on Dec 11, 2016 at 11:35am PST These challenges aren’t insurmountable, however. “It’s tough to go after four [shapes], but it’s fine to go after two,” says Blackman. “If you go after two and do it well, you’re hitting 50% of the market.” To solve such problems will require real investment from fashion brands in both time and money as they make larger sizes a priority and not just an afterthought. But if they’re serious about serving the many American customers dissatisfied with the fit of their products, it’s an investment that can pay off. “She will buy,” Blackman says, “if it fits her.” Most Popular The business case for Fox News dropping Bill O’Reilly wasn’t his actions, it was his age Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Stocks Election Coughlin School Work: Wilkes-Barre Area projects Veterans Graduation Black History Month Amazing Kids Sports Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Triathlon Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Pro Golf Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Lisa Tomeo and Michael Hahn jumpstart! calendar Most Read Recent Comments Is cursive obsolete? Police: Man stole more than $1,000 in clothes from Macy’s at WV Mall Casey's purpose: Kingston man’s ‘Gift of Life’ helped save others Two families homeless after Ashley fire Nucleus keeping it raw in Luzerne NEPA Bazaars Get the lowdown on NEPA bazaars, fairs and festivals this summer. (read more) Police and courts Police blotter, marriage licenses, property transactions, divorces and child support in Luzerne County. (read more) Submitted / Published: April 23, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Lisa Frances Tomeo and Michael Lloyd Hahn, together with their families, announce their engagement and approaching marriage. The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mel and Mary Tomeo, Mountain Top. She is the granddaughter of the late Betty and Mel Tomeo Sr. and the late Elizabeth and Oliver Behm. She is a 2005 graduate of Crestwood High School and a graduate of Berkeley College with a Bachelor of Science degree in fashion marketing. She is employed by Wal-Mart as a merchandise supervisor. The prospective groom is the son of Bob and Sharon Hahn, Slocum. He is the grandson of Marian Hahn and the late George Hahn and Gilbert Peters Jr. and the late Janet Peters, Slocum. He is a 2006 graduate of Crestwood High School and is employed by Ron Myers Well Drilling and Water Systems in Mountain Top. The couple will be united in marriage May 13, 2017, at Mt. Zion United Church of Christ, Slocum. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Monday, April 24, 2017 Life What you need to know for 04/24/2017 SUNY set to appoint former Energy Dept. official as chancellor12:05 AMHigh Notes10:51 PMMacron, Le Pen lead French presidential vote9:20 PMThe latest on how Mill Artisan District is shaping up9:01 PMProctors event brings invisible films to light8:12 PM Union students promote fly fishing Union students promote fly fishing Club takes students to Adirondacks Indiana Nash | April 23, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Members of the fly fishing club at Union College. Photographer: photo provided SCHENECTADY -- Fly Fishing is facing an aging issue, but a few students at Union College are trying to fix that.  With the Fly Fishing Club, two experienced fly fishermen and Union students, James Molloy and Jake Murray, are working to get the rest of campus to try out the sport.  For those who aren’t familiar, fly fishing is an angling method of fishing which uses a specially weighted line with a lightweight lure, or “fly.”  However, less than 25 percent of fly fishers in the United States are under 24 years of age, according to a study conducted by the Outdoor Foundation and the Recreational Boating and Fishing Foundation.  The majority of fly fishers are over 45 years of age. But Murray and Molloy are working to balance out those numbers.  Most students coming to the Union campus haven’t tried fly fishing or have only done it once.  “It’s a cross between a sport, a hobby and an art,” Murray said. While Molloy doesn’t count it as a sport, he said it’s the perfect way to get the next generation outdoors and interested in the environment. “It’s a way to turn the heads of kids who wouldn’t normally ….” said Molloy.  He founded the club in 2014 with a former classmate. Although attendance was low at first, they drummed up interest, and on fishing trips the college van is always full.  The club takes anywhere from 10 to 20 students to various fishing spots across the Adirondacks several times a year.  “The learning curve is pretty steep,” Murray said. And when there are only a few teachers in the group, the learning curve only gets steeper. Depending on the size of the group, the club will hire an outfitter (or a fly fishing expert) to come along and help teach students.  According to Molloy, that’s one of the only costs to students.  “We spent most of our money at first on buying gear to equip those who aren’t equipped. . . we try to supply everything anyone would need,” Molloy said. Get licensed Everyone in the club has to get their fishing license before they can go on the trips.  According to Murray, these are relatively easy to get. Students can go online to apply or even get them from Wal-Mart or from the Schenectady’s City offices.  “ . . . fly fishing, in a lot of ways, takes an elitist outlook on fishing,” Murray said. Mostly because of the cost of equipment and the time it takes to learn the techniques.  But return on investment is high, according to Murray and Molloy. “The campus is like a two-hour radius of awesome things to do outside. Clubs like fly fishing . . . work to get people outside and realize the value of what we have in front of us. Just to get more people to turn their heads and make efforts to help keep what we’ve got,” Molloy said.  The club also works with Trout Unlimited Costa Five Rivers program, which seeks to help increase the number of college-aged students who are interested and involved in fly fishing.  The program works to connect various college clubs and to provide students with deals on high-cost equipment.  As the season starts to warm up, fishing conditions become ideal and it’s one of the best times of the year to get students on the water. The fish are more active and easier to catch.  “With the warmer water, the fish will also be looking up to the surface for bugs. You can just line people up and catch fish,” Molloy said. That can be encouraging for anyone trying it out for the first time. It also becomes an opportunity for students to learn more about how to read the water’s ecosystem and study the environment in a way they may not have done before. “It’s hard for me to sort out what I’ve learned in the classroom from what I’ve learned from fishing,” said Molloy, who is a geology major.  The next step for the club is to get into conservation work on top of their fishing trips.  “People are willing to go out and fish but we want to target conservation too,” Murray said.  When he takes over next year, that’s one aspect of the club he hopes to bolster.  Interested in fly fishing? Here are a few places in the Capital Region that offer lessons and guidance:  Adirondack Fly Fishing School Call: 518-428-2803  Email: info@AdrondackFlyFishingSchool.com Website: Click here Capital District Fly Fishers (An Affiliate Club of the International Federation of Fly Fishers) Website: Click here L.L. Bean at Colonie Center about their fly fishing courses:  Call: (888) 552-5519  Website: Click here View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Union students, faculty joining March for Science Union students, faculty rally for ‘dignity and respect’ for immigrants Union College science center financing approved SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content High Notes 10:51 PM The latest on how Mill Artisan District is shaping up 9:01 PM Pianist shines in SSO season finale 6:52 PM Sawyer Fredericks reflects on past, looks ahead 7:00 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Life Gershon's greatest hits: 10 super sandwiches Steaks, sides, setting sparkle at Salt & Char CP's: Comfort food amid eye-popping collection Union students promote fly fishing Ideas on how to celebrate 25th wedding anniversary The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Education   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Fox superstar Tucker Carlson can't stop raving about eye-opening book 'You'll think twice before sending your children off to school' Published: 1 day ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Fox News host Tucker Carlson It’s the book Fox News’ Tucker Carlson can’t stop raving about, and now you can get “No Campus for White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” for $4.95 today. Carlson praised “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination,” saying, “Something’s wrong on college campuses. Most of us are dimly aware of that. In this bracing and sometimes horrifying book, Scott Greer pulls off the bandage to reveal the suppurating wound beneath. Higher education is rotting in this country. After reading Greer’s account, you’ll think twice before sending your children off to school.” “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” promises to be the most talked about book of 2017, and today only you can get it for $4.95! White supremacy runs rampant in the Trump White House, cries the left. Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon is a white supremacist, according to Nancy Pelosi and many others. Bannon and Stephen Miller are closely associated with white nationalists, they say. And Trump supporters are “Nazis” who deserve to get beaten up. The left has become fond of hurling labels such as “Nazi,” “neo-Nazi,” “white nationalist” and “white supremacist” at Donald Trump, his staff and his supporters. Scott Greer, a deputy editor at the Daily Caller and keen observer of identity politics, said the left uses these terms to dehumanize ideological opponents. “If you say that they’re Nazis, you don’t just say, ‘I disagree with their point of view,’ you turn them into these menacing dangers, these total monsters that don’t deserve free speech, they don’t deserve the rights to protection from the law,” Greer told Dr. Tom Woods during a recent appearance on “The Tom Woods Show.” “You can punch them. You need to assault them. You need to riot when they speak.” Conservative provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos felt the sting of left-wing hysteria in February when students at the University of California, Berkeley rioted, apparently with the blessing of left-wing faculty members, and forced the cancellation of one of his speaking engagements. Greer pointed out that it becomes easier for leftists to justify the suppression of speech when they vilify and dehumanize those on the other side of the aisle. “If you just say, ‘I don’t like this person because he’s a conservative,’ well, that’s not that good of an argument,” Greer said. “That’s boring. They don’t want to say it. [Using dehumanizing labels] spices it up; it’s like, ‘This person is a Nazi.’ It’s almost kind of a marketing tactic to say this person has a horrific ideology rather than just saying, ‘Oh well, he’s a conservative who just believes in immigration restriction.’ Yawn. They’re not going to pay attention to that. They just have to put it in these more hysterical terms.” Violent protests ahead of a planned appearance at the University of California, Berkeley, by Milo Yiannopoulos Not only do leftist protesters pin menacing labels on conservatives, according to Greer, but some claim their physical security is threatened by having a speaker like Yiannopoulos on campus. That, too, makes for a better argument than saying they disagree with the speaker’s ideas. Greer suggests it would be best if university administrators laughed off such manic pronouncements, but too many administrators take those fears seriously and use them as justification to shut down conservative speakers on campus. And, of course, fears of physical violence give the leftists an excuse to threaten the physical safety of speakers like Yiannopoulos. “They use this argument, and there’s a lot of moral legitimacy – they get moral legitimacy by just claiming he’s threatening their physical security, and unfortunately this is how they’re going to justify riots and further violence,” Greer said. Greer explores the increasingly toxic racial climate on many American college campuses in his new book “No Campus for White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education into Hateful Indoctrination.” On Woods’ show, he noted there is a double standard when it comes to racial identity on college campuses. “When you get onto a college campus, if you’re part of a protected class or a minority group, you’re allowed to have this strong identity that’s the core part of your being, whether you’re transsexual, African-American, Hispanic, that becomes the core part of your identity on a college campus,” Greer pointed out. Political correctness is just the beginning. The situation on college campuses is worse than you could ever imagine – and America’s future is at stake. Don’t miss the political blockbuster of 2017 – “No Campus for White Men” by Scott Greer. He said that mentality arises from the admissions process, which is often filled with affirmative-action for non-whites. “If you get into college on the basis of your race or sexual orientation, that shows you that there’s a benefit to playing up your identity, to [using] that as your core being. And if you’re getting benefits from that at the start of college, why not carry it on for the rest of your four years?” So that’s what many students do, according to Greer, and they are taking it to ridiculous lengths. As Greer discusses in his book, black students at many campuses are now demanding segregated housing, which would bring back shades of Jim Crow. Plenty of schools are also replacing Western civilization courses with identity-based “studies” classes, such as African-American studies or Hispanic studies. “[Colleges] have all these different studies that encourage these minority groups to have incredible pride in their being a minority and see their whole world this way, and it pits them… in opposition to ‘whiteness’ and Western civilization,” Greer explained. “That’s why they’re getting rid of the Western civilization and Western culture introductory courses, because they don’t want to teach so-called white supremacy to students, and it’s becoming a very troubling form of tribalism.” Host Tom Woods said he can’t stand the “emotional hypochondria” whereby minority students believe American society is full of “systemic oppression.” “I just find this laughable that you could think in this society there’s systemic oppression of you if you are any type of minority,” said Woods, author of “The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History.” “Think of it this way: When you go to apply to college, which group would you want to belong to? Would you want to be white? You want to check off that ‘white’ box on the application? Who in his right mind wants to check off the ‘white’ box? So where’s the so-called privilege? Save $21, get “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination,” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call: WND Weekly. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy of “No Campus For White Men: The Transformation of Higher Education Into Hateful Indoctrination” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Why isn't Bill O'Reilly crying sex discrimination? STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Trump's 2 biggest wins in his 1st 100 days THE LEFT UNHINGED Jesse Lee Peterson The lynching of Bill O'Reilly CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Guess what's celebrating its 510th birthday THE HOLY LAND Ben Kinchlow War against Israel is spiritual More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'Hero' – an unforgettable new baseball movie – now only $6.95! Forgiveness and family are key in latest from 'Alone Yet Not Alone' producers Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live earthtv wishes you a happy Earth Day! RADAR: Rounds of Heavy Rain Slamming Parts of the Southeast Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found More The national manhunt comes to an end with ex-teacher Tad Cummins in FBI custody. 1:59 | 04/22/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found Next, we're learning more about the hiding place a teacher from Tennessee is accused of taking his former student while on the run. Take a look, a glimpse inside that secluded California cabin. ABC's Eva pilgrim with that. Reporter: Tonight, the family of the missing Tennessee teen, speaking for the first time since being reunited. We're all excited. It's like just pure joy. Reporter: 50-year-old tad Cummins in FBI custody and facing federal charges after allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas and going on the run for over a month. What is she like right now? Well, right now, she's -- I mean, in ways she's like herself. But in ways she's not. And that's kind of distressing to see her like that. It's troubling. Reporter: This as we are getting a look inside the remote California cabin where Elizabeth was finally found. The food I gave them. Reporter: Inside, plywood walls, leftover food sitting on bare floors, along with survival gear, toilet paper and very little else. No electricity or running water. The search warrant papers. Reporter: These documents left behind by investigators, listing some of the items seized as evidence -- bed rolls, socks, beer cans. The nationwide search began when they disappeared March 13 from Columbia, Tennessee. Two days later, video captured will them at a Walmart in Oklahoma City. They stayed at a commune. Officials caught up to that pair in the cabin. Where the caretaker said he saw an amber alert post and called authorities. Surrounded Cummins surrendered without incident. He's expected in federal court on Monday. He's facing a long list of state and federal charges. Taking a child across state lines alone could carry a ten-year sentence. Tom. Eva pilgrim for us tonight. Eva, thank you. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found The tiny cabin where authorities found former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins and his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, is nestled in the woods in a remote, mountainous area of inland, northernmost California near the Oregon border. Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins, who is accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student, has been arrested in northern California after more than a month on the run, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Now Playing: Inside the isolated cabin where Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins were found Now Playing: Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California Now Playing: Man describes how he identified missing Tenn. teacher and student Now Playing: Congressional budget battle might hang on Trump's border wall Now Playing: Deadly housefire in Queens, New York Now Playing: Father of formerly missing Tennessee student speaks out Now Playing: Firefighters battle more than a hundred wildfires in Florida Now Playing: New fallout over the American Airlines confrontation between flight attendant and passenger Now Playing: Young child falls out of the back of a church bus onto the highway Now Playing: At least 5 people injured and 2-mile oil spill as ferry crashes into port wall in the Canary Islands Now Playing: Commander of international space station set to break a big record Now Playing: Father of abducted Tennessee teen speaks out after her return Now Playing: This Week Fast Forward 4.23.2017 Now Playing: Father of abducted Tennessee teen speaks out Now Playing: Dramatic video of a child falling from a bus on the highway Now Playing: Dangerous Florida wildfires have forced thousands to evacuate Now Playing: A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found Now Playing: Brush fires lead to a state of emergency in Florida Now Playing: Thousands march around the world expressing support for science Now Playing: A dramatic rescue after a car goes into a creek in Oklahoma Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46961041,"title":"A look inside the cabin where missing Tennessee teen was found","duration":"1:59","description":"The national manhunt comes to an end with ex-teacher Tad Cummins in FBI custody.","url":"/WNT/video/inside-cabin-missing-tennessee-teen-found-46961041","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Terror analyst: America under attack by 'enemies within' Expert says forces dedicated to destruction of U.S. have penetrated national security bureaucracy Published: 1 day ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print There is a master plan to create a permanent liberal majority by flooding America with millions of voters hostile to conservatism, according to a blockbuster new documentary. “The Enemies Within” also contends forces dedicated to the destruction of this country have even penetrated the national security bureaucracy, endangering all Americans and the entire system of constitutional government. Key to this case is the testimony of Philip Haney, a founding member of the Department of Homeland Security and a counter-terrorism analyst who was widely praised and commended by his superiors throughout his distinguished career. By accumulating vast amounts of data and examining the relationships between various extremist groups and their sources of funding, Haney had identified dozens of terrorists throughout the years, arguably preventing numerous attacks. However, in 2009, it was Haney himself who was targeted by his own government. He tells his story the book “See Something, Say Nothing,” but his story is also the most powerful part of “The Enemies Within.” And you can now get “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95, saving more than $15 off its normal price! He recounts in “The Enemies Within”: “I finished a case up, I put it in the system. There were 67 records related to the case, individuals and organizations. But then about two weeks after I put the case into the system, I went on vacation and received a call from my colleague. He said they had removed the records from the system. They didn’t just modify them; they completely obliterated them, took all of them out.” Haney argues this dramatic action had devastating consequences for the American people. The specific records the government deleted turned out to be directly relevant to terrorist attacks that were only months away. “Those are the records related to the network of mosques and organizations operating in the United States that is linked to the San Bernardino shooting and to the Orlando shooting,” he recalled. Indeed, Haney states in the video the federal government not only removed the records, but actually investigated him for simply doing his job. “They said essentially that I did not have the authority to put those records into the system, even though I had been commended by the National Targeting Center for finding 300 terrorists,” Haney says in the film. “So, essentially, the last three years of my career, I was under investigation by three different government agencies, all at the same time. They essentially determined that I was more of a threat than these terrorist groups.” Former Department of Homeland Security officer Philip Haney at Senate hearing June 28, 2016 (Screenshot Senate Judiciary Committee video). Shockingly, the distinguished counterterrorism expert says no one in the federal government ever denied his records were accurate or true. The facts, he claims, were beyond dispute. Instead, for no good reason he can identify, his work was eliminated and he was disgraced. In one of the most dramatic moments of the film, Haney describes his reaction as feeling “infuriated and stripped naked.” He describes the painful experience as a “public humiliation.” “To sequester me in a small room for the last 11 months of my career with no assigned duties and then have the audacity to say those were not adverse actions because ‘we’re just conducting an investigation,'” Haney remembers bitterly, “It’s cruel to do that to a person. It wasn’t a moral infraction. It wasn’t refusal to obey orders. It wasn’t some crime that I committed. It was simply doing the job that I took a vow to do and had been recognized and awarded for.” For that reason, Haney “emphatically” states in the documentary that the U.S. has enemies within its own government. Distinguished author and researcher Trevor Loudon describes the terrifying full extent of this hostile network operating within America’s own borders in “The Enemies Within,” which blows the lid off an alliance between radical Marxists and Islamic extremists that has penetrated the very highest levels of the federal government. As Haney explains in the film, the problem has gotten so bad, many of America’s politicians and policy makers wouldn’t be able to pass the kind of basic security checks required of even entry-level employees. “If you have overt ties to associations with known associations with terrorism, you cannot pass a background check,” Haney says in the film. He described Hillary Clinton as a “domestic threat” and detailed the deep connections between the former Democratic Party nominee and secretary of state with some of the most dangerous Islamic movements in the world. These even go beyond her close relationship with longtime aide and confidante Huma Abedin. The most dangerous enemy is the one who operates from within your own gates. Discover the traitors within our own country and help spread the word about how America is already under attack. Don’t miss “The Enemies Within” available now in the WND Superstore. “Hillary Clinton’s ties are a lot deeper, broader and wider than Huma Abedin,” Haney says. “The best example of her ties is her affiliation with the Istanbul Process and, in particular, with U.N. Resolution 1618. That resolution, it essentially criminalizes defamation of Islam, has been backed for 10 years by the Organization of the Islamic Conference, a 57-nation organization. It is essentially run in its leadership positions by members of the Muslim Brotherhood. By endorsing U.N. Resolution 16/18, by default Hillary Clinton is aiding and abetting the Muslim Brotherhood on a macro, global level.” And the Muslim Brotherhood, in Haney’s opinion as a national security professional, is directly responsible for sponsoring terrorism. He argues in “The Enemies Within” the organization should be labeled a terrorist group and shut down. Save $15, get “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City or even a house in Detroit. (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly . Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit-card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “The Enemies Within” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Why isn't Bill O'Reilly crying sex discrimination? STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Trump's 2 biggest wins in his 1st 100 days THE LEFT UNHINGED Jesse Lee Peterson The lynching of Bill O'Reilly CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Guess what's celebrating its 510th birthday THE HOLY LAND Ben Kinchlow War against Israel is spiritual More Commentary » Deal of the Day 'Hero' – an unforgettable new baseball movie – now only $6.95! Forgiveness and family are key in latest from 'Alone Yet Not Alone' producers Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Hot Topics: Rosebud Motel Fire Loveland Recycling Butterfly Sanctuary Colo. Eagles Comeback Have Fun in NoCo Loveland Choral Society Cleveland Ave. Narrowing RH Line Police Calls RH Line calls printed April 24, 2017 Posted:   04/23/2017 06:29:34 PM MDT Downtown Traffic "Part of the problem with traffic downtown is that the traffic lights are synchronized to expedite the flow of traffic. Surely this problem can be overcome for less than $1.3 million and at the same time permit an inexpensive return to the present system if the new one proves sufficiently unpopular." Letters Ignored "Both letters we have written to the Larimer County Assessor in the last few months have been ignored and instead just up in our property file. This is yet another example of how Larimer County staff feel about addressing tough questions about tough and important issues affecting property taxes. This continues to represent a county government that's out of control and undependable." Negotiate Drug Costs "For two days in a row there have been ads for Mike Coffman, paid for by the American Conservative Union, stating Medicare should not be allowed to negotiate directly with pharmaceutical corporations to lower drug prices. Are these people on crack? AARP is the lead supporter of Medicare drug negotiations, and the VA has benefited year after year, offering the lowest drug cost to our vets because of their ability to negotiate. Deceiving ads like this are a disservice to seniors and their pocketbooks in favor of pharmaceutical corporate profits. Shame on you, Mike Coffman, shame." Bringing Jobs Back Advertisement "The article against the border adjustment tax. This is out of the point that importers are heading to import goods because the manufacturing jobs to make those goods have been shipped overseas or out of the country. So the idea is to bring those manufacturing jobs back home." Trump's Wall My topic is the wall. In reading of all the pros and cons lately on Trump's wall. It is time to look at the big picture. Did anyone really believe the wall will solve the problems of the illegal immigration in the USA? A realistic fact: the wall will be an overwhelming expense of American taxpayer. Another fact to ponder upon is the human traffic business and the drug cartels will get through by underground, by air or by water. They will go over and under and around the wall. They will use drones, small airplanes that fly under radar and land anywhere. They will use motorboats that can land anywhere on oceanic shores." Sexual Harassment "To Friday's quote 'wake up America' end-quote caller: It isn't the leftists in the New York Times who are destroying Fox News. The people who are shaking up Fox News are a surprising number of competent, well-educated professional news women who had the courage to stand up for what's right and not just what's right wing. The good old boys network applied its pressure and millions of dollars in harsh money in their efforts to prop up a failed institution that allows women to be sexually harassed and intimidated. It is refreshing to see these practices can no longer be swept under the rug." Women Accusers "As a woman, I say that any woman who lets herself be used by the left media to destroy a man's reputation with unsubstantiated accusations had better be willing to identify herself publicly and put her own reputation on the line. Who are these women accusing O'Reilly? Let's see their names and see their faces. We know the left hates Fox News, so how convenient to get the number one host out so people can only hear the view-point of the left, using women to do the dirty work. There's more to this story." Inconsiderate "Who goes to the store, gets all their groceries checked out, is prompted to ask for cash back, then logs on to their phone application, checks their bank balance before they decide how much cash they're going to get back? What kind of an inconsiderate person does this? I mean it's like you know farting on the elevator after the doors are closed. Who does such a thing?" Taxpayer Subsidy "I didn't know the CEOs at Wal-Mart were poor folks, but I learned the company received $6.2 billion in taxpayer-funded subsidies each year. Wow. That's panhandling on steroids. Most of us would be thrilled to get $1 million for the rest of our lives. Wal-Mart gets enough each year to thrill 6,000 of us." Homework "We uninformed deplorables out here in mid-America heard you East Coast, West Coast, group thinkers loud and clear. In n November we did some group thinking, group action of our own and decided we didn't want HC as the first woman president. We did go out and do our homework." Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland Design House presents decor for a good cause Forum will look into the costs of health care Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 21-23, 2017   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Sign in City Desk Busted! Columnists Cover Story Editorials Education Letters to the Editor News stories That’s What They Said Two Minutes With Worcester Magazine Rewind Worcesteria Your Turn Night & Day Best of Worcester Entertainment stories Film reviews Music The Lyford Files Krave Bite Sized Date Night Dining Directory Dining reviews Wine columns Calendar Worcesteria Opinion Photo/video Staff photo galleries Staff videos Submitted photo galleries Submitted videos Contests Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Monday, April 24, 2017 Sign in / Join Real Estate Newsletter Jobs Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Worcester Mag City Desk AllBusted!ColumnistsCover StoryEditorialsEducationLetters to the EditorNews storiesThat’s What They SaidTwo Minutes WithWorcester Magazine RewindWorcesteriaYour Turn Gaffney “more likely than not” to make second mayoral run Worcester District Attorney, investigators rule Hernandez death a suicide DCU Center lighting upgrades to save money, environment UPDATE: Worcester school test for PCBs ‘below EPA levels of concern’ Night & Day AllBest of WorcesterEntertainment storiesFilm reviewsMusicThe Lyford Files Men step up for MS at Womanless Pageant in Shrewsbury The Adventures of Huck Finn comes to Old Sturbridge Village The Lyford Files: Bringing out the best in Best Of? ‘Blessed’ We & The Dawg don’t miss a beat Krave AllBite SizedDate NightDining DirectoryDining reviewsWine columns Date night: Shift Change Best of: Krave Smokestack in Worcester is for summer Brunching at Altea’s Calendar Worcesteria Worcesteria: 4/20/2017 Worcesteria: 4/13/17 Worcesteria: 4/6/17 Worcesteria: 3/30/17 Worcesteria: 3/23/17 Opinion Photo/video AllStaff photo galleriesStaff videosSubmitted photo galleriesSubmitted videos Feeling the heat at Worcester Fire Department’s Media Day (Gallery) VIDEO: Time-lapse of Worcester blizzard Photo Gallery: Worcester County St. Patrick’s Parade 2017 VIDEO & PHOTOS: Hank Stolz, local radio legend, honored at Quinn’s… Contests Best Of Worcester 2017 Worcester Railers: Bruins Giveaway Perfect Smile Sweepstakes Snow Day Giveaway Worcester Magazine’s 5 Golden Chances Home Night & Day Entertainment stories Men step up for MS at Womanless Pageant in Shrewsbury Night & Day Entertainment stories Men step up for MS at Womanless Pageant in Shrewsbury By Walter Bird Jr. - April 23, 2017 0 131 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Above, the third annual Womanless Beauty Pageant/Walter Bird Jr. video It might take a while to erase some of the images from memory, but it was all in good fun – and all for a most worthwhile cause. The judges at the third annual Womanless Beauty Pageant Saturday night, April 22, at Shrewsbury’s Maironis Park, however, could be forgiven if they needed an aspirin or two the next morning. Some of the contestants were, well, not so pretty. Gina Andros and Tom L’Ecuyer (dressed as Dolly Parton’s “Jolene”)/Walter Bird Jr. photo There was “Ivanna Cocktail” – get it? I wanna cocktail? “Duwanna Bang” was another memorable (or forgettable, depending on your point of view) contestant. And then there was Tom L’Ecuyer’s rather busty Jolene, modeled, of course, off of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene.” All of the contestants were spirited and certainly game in putting their best – or worst – foot forward. The Womanless Pageant is what it sounds like – a beauty pageant devoid of women. The goal is to raise money to fight multiple sclerosis, an affliction L’Ecuyer, one of the event’s organizers, has battled since 1997. Saturday night’s pageant, which sold out, was expected to bring in about $8,000-$9,000, according to L’Ecuyer. Gina Andros is the co-organizer who came up with the idea after learning of something similar in Texas a few years back. “I was looking for something new, something different,” Andros said. The Womanless Pageant certainly qualifies as that. It also qualifies as a whole lot of fun, particularly with the quick-witted emceeing of entertainer Joe Cariglia, who kept things moving and ran it much like a traditional beauty pageant. He even asked each contestant where they got their outfit. Unlike a traditional pageant, the answers included the Halloween Outlet, TJ Maxx, Walmart and other outfits you probably won’t see at next year’s Oscars. Some of the judges included state Sen. Mike Moore, At-Large City Councilor Kate Toomey and Women In Action president and CEO Chantel Bethea. Walter Bird Jr. is editor of Worcester Magazine. Share story tips and comments at 508-749-3166, ext. 322, or by email at wbird@worcestermag.com. Follow Walter on Twitter @walterbirdjr and “like” him on Facebook. Don’t miss Walter every week on WCCA TV 194 as a panelist on Rosen’s Roundtable. TAGS Dolly Parton entertainment event fundraiser Maironis Park pageant Shrewsbury womanless worcester Worcester Magazine SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGaffney “more likely than not” to make second mayoral run Walter Bird Jr. http://www.worcestermag.com Walter joined Worcester Magazine as a reporter in 2012. He became editor in 2014. A father of two boys, avid sports fan - he loves the Bravehearts locally, and can't get enough of the Pats, Sox and Celtics. Journalism isn't a job to Walter - it's his lifeblood. Do you have a story tip or suggestion? Call him at 508-749-3166, ext. 322. Oh, and feel free to share random movie quotes with him! RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Gaffney “more likely than not” to make second mayoral run Worcester District Attorney, investigators rule Hernandez death a suicide DCU Center lighting upgrades to save money, environment LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here STAY CONNECTED 0FansLike 4,049FollowersFollow 11,157FollowersFollow Recent Posts Men step up for MS at Womanless Pageant in Shrewsbury Gaffney “more likely than not” to make second mayoral run Worcester District Attorney, investigators rule Hernandez death a suicide DCU Center lighting upgrades to save money, environment UPDATE: Worcester school test for PCBs ‘below EPA levels of concern’ Do you agree with the Patriots players who are boycotting the team White House visit? Yes, I support their boycott (68%) No, I don't think they should boycott (32%) Last Day to Vote: April 24, 2017 @ 12:00 am  Loading ... ABOUT USCelebrating 40 years in 2016. Questions? editor@worcestermag.com Contact us: sales@worcestermagazine.com FOLLOW US Advertise Digital Services – Propel Marketing Contact Us Central MA Classifieds Past Issues Newsletter Terms & Conditions © 2015 Worcester Magazine. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Marking her territory! Amber Heard, 31, and Tesla billionaire Elon Musk, 45, CONFIRM their relationship, sharing a picture of them with her lipstick on his cheek after they were spotted ziplining Sean Hannity is forced to deny he sexually harassed a former Fox News contributor who claims the prime time host made 'advances' at her and invited her back to his hotel room 'Everyone tunes in': Trump 'refuses to fire gaffe-prone press secretary Sean Spicer because he gets good ratings' Arizona seventh grade teacher, 26, 'performed sex acts on herself while video chatting with her male student, 13, and let him kiss her breasts' Mother of South Carolina 'serial killer' Todd Kohlhepp is found dead in her home aged 70, five months after her son 'confessed' to murdering seven people  The new French Revolution: Europhile newcomer Emmanuel Macron and far-Right darling Marine Le Pen to face off for presidency after stunning first round result sees France kicks out the old guard From Le Pen to la panique: Left-wing rioters hit the streets of Paris after far-Right Marine triggers a political earthquake How Marine Le Pen turned her Holocaust-denying father's toxic National Front party into a mainstream election-winning force  'At the age of 17, Emmanuel told me he'd marry me': How 39-year-old Macron's wife - his former teacher, 25 years his senior - hopes to become France's next first lady at the age of 64  With no mainstream political party backing him, former investment banker Emmanuel Macron is poised to become France's youngest ever president in battle with Le Pen Trump calls French election 'very interesting' just days after saying Paris terror attack could 'probably' aid far-right candidate Marine Le Pen How Happy Days actress Erin Moran, 56, spent her final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of her mother-in-law's trailer park home in drunken brawl' before dying of suspected heroin overdose 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the late actress 'She may not be the person she was before she was abducted': Elizabeth Thomas's father says his 15-year-old daughter’s experiences have changed her after she went on the run with teacher, 50, for six weeks  Barack down to business: Obama heads to his old stomping ground in Chicago's South Side to meet at-risk youths ahead of his first major post-presidency speech North Korea says it is ready to sink US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson 'with a single strike' as it joins Japanese destroyers in Western Pacific Ocean 'Ted Nugent is a brainless twit': David Crosby gets into public spat with The Nuge after his White House visit but is dismissed as 'a lost soul' and a 'doper' by the conservative rocker The First Ladies: Melania and Ivanka have 'frosty' relationship because Trump's eldest daughter frequently fills role as First Lady, claims magazine Donald Trump's sons look to expand The Trump Organization with two new hotel chains planned for the states where their father did best in the 2016 election I don't know how to stop homegrown terror attacks, says Department of Homeland Security chief John Kelly  Mexico will 'eventually' pay for the border wall 'in some form' Trump pledges - as government shutdown looms over its financing Short but sweet! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his family wave goodbye before jetting out of Sydney after their whirlwind weekend visit 'It's a different kind of Presidency': Trump dismisses First 100 Days marker as 'not very meaningful' in wide-ranging interview on everything from tax cuts to his TV habits  Trump applauds new poll that shows 96 percent of his voters would select the president again - but same survey says 43 percent of voters STRONGLY disapprove of his job performance Previous Next 'She may not be the person she was before she was abducted': Elizabeth Thomas's father says his 15-year-old daughter’s experiences have changed her after she went on the run with teacher, 50, for six weeks Elizabeth Thomas's father spoke out for the first time since she returned home He said he hopes she can be the same as before, but understands that it might not be possible  Thomas was allegedly abducted by her former teacher Tad Cummins March 13 After six weeks on the run the pair were found in a cabin in Cecilville, California He said he is not sure that she understood that people were searching for her  By Abigail Miller For Dailymail.com Published: 20:24 EDT, 23 April 2017 | Updated: 21:15 EDT, 23 April 2017 e-mail 33 shares View comments The father of the Tennessee teenager who was found by police six weeks after allegedly being kidnapped by her teacher said that her experiences might have changed her. Elizabeth Thomas, 15, is said to have been kidnapped by her high-school teacher Tad Cummins, 50, on March 13.  Her father, Anthony Thomas, told ABC News that he wants his daughter to be the same as before she disappeared, but understands that after these traumatic experiences it might not be possible.  Arrested: Ted Cummins (left) was arrested Thursday for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) in March. The pair had fled from Tennessee across the country, ending up in rural California Her father, Anthony Thomas (bottom left) told ABC News that her experiences might have changed her When Elizabeth was found she was described by authorities as 'healthy and unharmed'. However, authorities noted that their main concern is the state of her emotional and mental well-being.  Even physically, her father said that she's changed, telling ABC that she has lost weight.  She was found with her former teacher at a remote cabin in northern California near the Oregon border on Thursday, and he was arrested.   Jason Whatley, who is representing the Thomas family (pictured), said that she is in 'a safe location with family and friends where she is comfortable and resting' Cummins and Thomas were found in a cabin near Cecilville, California. They stayed there for just one night before police, acting on a tip-off from the site's caretaker, arrested Cummins Cummins surrendered to police without incident and faces charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, as well as a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with the intent of criminal sexual intercourse.  The last charge carries a minimum sentence of 10 years in prison.  Elizabeth returned to her home and family in Tennessee on Friday and one of the first things she asked for was to see her father.  Mr Thomas recounted his daughter's once take-charge personality, saying: 'She used to really believe in herself, she had this confidence, she was always a leader, she was very outspoken' 'It was really great to have her tell her she loved me,' he told ABC.  Jason Whatley, who is representing the Thomas family, said that she is in 'a safe location with family and friends where she is comfortable and resting'.  Elizabeth Thomas reportedly told authorities that she was afraid that her father would be mad at her.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next EXCLUSIVE: Teacher on the run with his student, 15, spent 10... The miserable life on the run of teacher and the... Share this article Share 'I think Tad had told her too, "There's no way you can go home because your dad is just going to be mad at you,"' Mr Thomas said.  Her father also believes that Cummins was fully aware of the extent of the search for he and Elizabeth, but does not think that his daughter knew the effort that was being put in to find them.   Elizabeth Thomas reportedly told authorities that she was afraid that her father would be mad at her. She was pictured in Oklahoma with Cummins just two days after her disapperance Thomas and Cummins were seen on the run in Oklahoma just two days after her disappearance. Her father believes that Cummins was fully aware of the extent of the search for he and Elizabeth, but does not think that his daughter knew the effort that was being put in to find them He told ABC that the family are keeping things positive in their interactions with her, and that they do not ask her about things that happened along the way at this stage. 'I go in there and tell her how much I missed her, how much I love her and how much her dog missed her,' Mr Thomas said.  He also recounted his daughter's once take-charge personality, saying: 'She used to really believe in herself, she had this confidence, she was always a leader, she was very outspoken'.  A map shows where Cummins took Thomas while they were on the run. Thomas's father told ABC News that she was afraid her father would be mad at her if she came home However, he said that now she really needs a lot of help.  Mr Thomas told ABC that when she returned home, the first material things she asked for were a shower and a razor. He also said that she has very few clothes in her possession right now, as all of the clothes she had with her were taken when she returned home, and many of her clothes were taken previously to help with the investigation.  Reflecting on the difficulty of parenting a teenager, he said: 'At the end of the day when they're gone, you find out you can't live without them'.  Cummins is expected to make his first appearance in federal court in Sacramento on Monday at 2pm.  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Read more: Father of Tennessee teen: She 'may not be exactly' the person she was prior to alleged abduction - ABC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 33 shares Most watched News videos Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Dramatic footage of fight between Somali pirates and cargo ship Pit bulls maul man as he saves his own dog from vicious attack Man selflessly carries fellow runner over marathon finish line Terrified Chinese student mauled by a cheetah on guided tour Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight New video shows aftermath when bouncer punched woman William, Harry and Kate cheer on London marathon runners John Trode tells off chef Lisa Allen for nearly double dipping Chelsea fans chant anti-Semitic songs towards Tottenham Prince William: Harry and I have not talked enough about our mother Jeremy Corbyn neither denies or confirms cancelling Trident Outsiders Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen sweep to... One is not amused! Kate Middleton is less than impressed... Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and... Ferne McCann is targeted by Twitter trolls as she reveals... 'At the age of 17, Emmanuel told me he'd marry me':... Paedophile footballer Adam Johnson ‘left heartbroken’... PICTURED: Insurance company president and charity worker... The First Ladies: Melania and Ivanka have a 'frosty'... Blair urges Labour Remain voters to back TORY candidates... Madeleine McCann was snatched and taken to a secret... Pictured on their fairytale wedding day: The dashing... Towie star Ferne McCann is spotted at Bristol airport... Taken home to die: Heartbreak of young mother, 24, as... Daughter suing mom for 'frittering away more than $13m of... Ferne McCann emerges looking shattered as father of her... A ‘£250,000 book deal’, rumours of a Celebrity Big... Corbyn at war with his OWN party: Labour insists it does... Madeleine McCann was 'snatched by smugglers and sold to a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky' snap with her lipstick on his face Love is in the air! Makeup free Amber Heard and billionaire boyfriend Elon Musk pack on the PDA as they go zip-lining in Australia Caitlyn Jenner lands in New Jersey as she is seen for first time since confirming gender reassignment surgery Stepped out after the 20/20 interview  Sisters! Jennifer and Lynda Lopez take a stroll in the Big Apple with their daughters Emme and Lucie Pair walked arm-in-arm on their day out  'It's a family affair': Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick treat three kids to Broadway show opening Enoyed a night at the theater  Sofia Vergara flaunts cleavage in white swimsuit... before falling off an inflatable bull in HILARIOUS video Showed off her figure and sense of humor  The Joker didn't kill him! Heath Ledger's sisters say late actor 'wasn't depressed' over The Dark Knight role They were shocked by the reports  Stephen Belafonte 'asks Mel B for money to fund his expenses'... but she denies his request after 'blocking his access to her $51million fortune' Doting daddy! James Van der Beek brings wife Kimberly and his three pretty daughters to Safe Kids Day event in LA Family man  'We're good at restaurants!' Mother-of-three Christie Brinkley shares rare video of her kids as they tease her about her cooking skills Flying high! Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a sweet kiss before she goes on family helicopter ride to celebrate her birthda Nude Kesha protects her modesty by cupping her hand over her chest during beauty session in Instagram snap The 30-year-old posted the racy snap online Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit as she hints at romance with Instagram post Va va vroom! Cindy Crawford puckers up to husband Rande before hopping on his motorcycle after brunch Pair shared a romantic kiss  Certainly has ring to it! Keke Palmer shows off her nipple piercings as she wears skin tight dress to her single's launch party  All eyes were on her  'I definitely do love Chyna and want to be with her': Emotional Rob Kardashian talks troubled romance in KUTWK teaser Confided in his sisters  Number one fan! Ecstatic Justin Bieber celebrates with little brother Jaxon as they watch Stanley Cup playoff in Toronto Cheered them on  Sheer-ly amazing! Jada Pinkett Smith bares skin in fishnet top during outing at Malibu's Soho House Will Smith's wife wore a crocodile green jacket  Rebecca Hall takes the plunge in green Gabriela Hearst dress at the Tribeca premiere of Permission The Golden Globe nominee turned heads  Drake 'never even met' Instagram model Layla Lace who has accused the rapper of impregnating her Drake wants nothing to do with her 'He has traumatic injuries': Kim Zolciak's son Kash, four, is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery after being attacked by a dog Parental prom! John Legend gives Chrissy Teigen a corsage for 'high school' date night...as they leave one-year-old daughter Luna at home Joan Crawford and Bette Davis finally get their happy ending in 'Feud' finale with the Hollywood stars apologizing... but's a hallucination  'I could never really get guys as a teenager': Alexandra Daddario confesses she used to be 'nerdy'... but is now getting 'revenge' with Baywatch Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the late actress who died of a suspected overdose Ready for action! Tom Cruise back on Mission Impossible set in Paris just days after terror attack nearby The 54-year-old looked ready for action Classically stylish! Mindy Kaling attends charity luncheon in powder blue mini dress and cropped jacket Wore her dark hair loose around her shoulders  Knot again! Fashion victim David Beckham unleashes his inner samurai once more as he wears trendy manbun at PFA Awards 'You make me smile!' Vanderpump's Scheana Shay posts sweet birthday message to new beau Robert Parks Valletta after partying at Coachella Wendi's treat for her toyboy... meeting Wolverine! Rupert Murdoch's ex wife introduces lover to Hugh Jackman during holiday in Tahiti  Orange Is the New Black's Taryn Manning and Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell glam up for Shorty Awards Pair both tookk home awards  Sexy sells! Sara Sampaio stuns in black lace bustier and tight leather pants for The Clapper premiere in NYC Portuguese model, 25, turned heads 'My mini-me!' Jennifer Lopez brings nine-year-old twins Max and Emme onto her Ellen appearance...as she admits she dresses daughter like herself Delta Goodrem looks exhausted and struggles to raise a smile as she lands in Sydney wearing black following big night at Australian's Logies Former Baywatch babes Kelly Packard, Donna D'Errico, Nancy Valen and Erika Eleniak reunite at LA marathon event... almost 30 years on from the original  'Marrying my best friend': Gotham actor Chris Chalk weds Kimberly Dalton Mitchell in North Carolina Pair tied the knot in a romantic ceremony  Blondes DO have more fun! Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Hudson look to be having a blast at Jennifer Meyer's birthday event Smiling and pouting  No time to blow dry! Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner steps out with wet hair... as it's claimed she 'wants to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce 'He said he'll flex on The Rock': UFC champ Tyron Woodley insists Vin Diesel told him he would beat co-star Dwayne Johnson in real fight 'Very much in my feelings': Selena Gomez posts tribute to 'big brother' David Henrie as Wizards Of Waverly Place cast reunites at wedding That's definitely intimate: Heidi Klum rocks skimpy underwear and hold-ups surrounded by her glam squad BTS on underwear shoot Cheeky! Geri Horner shrieks with glee as she is lifted into the air by husband Christian... before he slaps her bottom in playful Instagram video Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Ciara shares new photos of herself on Instagram Despite being heavily pregnant, Ciara is still managing a smile Doing what she does best! Alessandra Ambrosio relaxes by a pool as she soaks up the desert sun at Coachella Stunning figure  Flower power! Jamie Chung sizzles in the desert in sheer top and floral embroidered bra as she braves the heat at a pre-Coachella party Turned up the heat  Casual chic! Diane Kruger rocks a black leather jacket and skinny jeans at Q&A for Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story at Tribeca Film Festival She sure is in love! Jennifer Lopez calls beau Alex Rodriguez a 'beast' as she shares video of some of his best plays Adorable tribute  She gets it from her mama! Reese Witherspoon spends the day with her mother Betty Pair went for a ride in Nashville  'They weren't too friendly': Orlando Bloom and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry awkwardly cross paths at pal's party... just one month after 'grown-up' split Who knew they were friends? Dakota Johnson hitches ride with Giovanni Ribisi as they leave Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash together She's becoming Bette! Susan Sarandon mirrors her Feud character Ms Davis while promoting Bombshell at Tribeca Film Festival Took to the stage  Machine Gun Kelly checked out by paramedics for injury after suffering chest pain during concert and walking off stage Health scare  Taking the plunge! Bikini-clad Kate Upton shares video where she falls into a pool with Justin Verlander during Caribbean vacation Tropical setting  Busty Demi Lovato puts on an eye-popping display as she showcases her enviable curves in a plunging burnt orange swimsuit Looked sensational  'Thank God I'm not where I used to be': Justin Bieber reminisces on progress he's made since 2014 DUI arrest Forgetting legal troubles They could be sisters! Demi Moore, 54, resembles Courteney Cox, 52, as the friends help Jennifer Meyer celebrate her 40th birthday The businesswoman taking on  Kate in fight over Heads Together: Company chief whose firm has the same name says she will not let the royals 'hijack' it  Penelope Ann Miller talks 'vanity-free' role in new prison-set Lifetime flick Plays guard Joyce Mitchell in jail break movie  'An animalistic shock went through me!': Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario reveals what it's like to touch Zac Efron's unreal abs Didn't hold back  'I'm proof that being thin does not make your life better': Curvy model Charli Howard shares before and after photos and in post to show the 'reality' of thinness   Going solo! Ryan Reynolds leaves his stunning wife Blake Lively at home to hoof it around NYC like a college student with backpack and iPod Baywatch newcomer Kelly Rohrbach reveals her famous red swimsuit was refitted 10 TIMES to make her legs look longer and her bum perkier April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her abs in ANOTHER barely-there bikini as she cosies up to boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, on Maldives getaway 'Bless them all!': Recluse Richard Simmons thanks medics in Facebook post for looking after him during his hospital stay Prince William, Prince Harry and Kate Middleton start the London marathon with 50,000 runners amid biggest security operation in 36 years  Royal seal of approval! Duchess of Cambridge presents the fastest man to run the London marathon while dressed as a STAR with his medal  Letting the desert heat get to her! Model Chanel Iman strips off to her skimpy bikini top as she enjoys Coachella She got into the boho fashion spirit I don't think you're ready! Pregnant Beyoncé displays her  bump and bodacious booty in Bardot dress for an array of white-hot selfies Kylie Jenner exhibits her hourglass figure in a skimpy striped dress at Las Vegas event... before being interrupted by angry protesters  'It doesn't always work that way': Rosario Dawson reveals she won't appear in Marvel series The Punisher Things just didn't work out Curves ahead! Mariah Carey flashes her braless cleavage in lace up bodysuit and jeans for dinner date with ex Nick Cannon Getting close again  Blac Chyna is impersonated by Shea Couleé in Kardashian: The Musical on this week's RuPaul's Drag Race Sent up the family The party goes on! Kylie Jenner embraces male friend after holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... weeks after Tyga split Having a great time  Blondie's Debbie Harry, 71, admits she was once so crippled by her appearance that she refused to look at herself... but says she'd still perform naked 'She's in bits!' Sharon Osbourne left devastated AGAIN as husband Ozzy 'gets back in touch' with hairdresser ex-mistress Michelle Pugh Wisdom from the Captain! Star Trek vet William Shatner, 86, makes surprise appearance at Silicon Valley Comic Con panel Legendary figure  Two cute! Jessica Alba holds hands with husband of nearly 10 years as she arrives at Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party Celebrity-heavy party  She's going to nail it!': Kristin Chenoweth says she is looking forward to seeing good friend Jennifer Lopez star in Bye Bye Birdie Live Hollywood talent agent and producer Sandy Gallin who counted Barbra Streisand, Dolly Parton and Cher among his clients, dies aged 76 Widely respected  Movie hardman Ray Winstone helps a wine maker carry out the perfect murder in chilling domestic abuse film  Action film star She's a fan! Paris Jackson pays tribute to John Lennon as she steps out in tiny Daisy Dukes on Earth Day Out and about in Studio City  Kicking up their heels! Sonia Kruger slips into a plunging black dress as she joins Delta Goodrem and Richard Wilkins at the Channel Nine Logies after party The Fate Of The Furious powers to the top of the box office for a second weekend, racing off with $38.7m Stateside and just under $1b globally 'You're a stupid little girl': Rihanna sparks huge backlash as she superimposes Queen Elizabeth's head on to her own raunchy snaps in 91st birthday tribute Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress dies aged 56 'of a suspected heroin overdose' Pitch perfect: Rock star Rod Stewart installs pristine seven-a-side soccer ground in the garden of his Grade II listed $6 million country home  Breaking Bad vet Bryan Cranston poses with Walter White rag doll at the Los Angeles Times Book Festival Actor was all laugh's about his iconic role  Demi Moore, 54, looks eternally youthful in a floaty midnight blue dress as she celebrates Jen Meyer's 40th Appeared to have rolled back the years  Lady Gaga wows in skimpy hot pants for a typically energetic show at Coachella week two... as she emotionally dedicates performance to cancer-stricken pal Paul McCartney, 74, greets fans as he arrives in Tokyo with trendy wife Nancy Shevell, 57... as an overzealous one tries to pull him into crowd Lady Gaga dubbed Princess Diana 'just another dead blonde' in shock track... as she meets with Prince William for mental health campaign 'Eve has grown up now': Tyra Banks, 43, says sequel to Life-Size will be an 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' An 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' she says 'Of course!' Original American Idol judge Randy Jackson says he's ready to return to the talent show if it's ever rebooted Would love to go back Dare to bare! Makeup-free Nicole Richie shows off her chest in low-cut top as she hits pal Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party in LA Man of style! Liev Schreiber is cool customer as he rocks jeans and blazer for outing in Malibu The 49-year-old Ray Donovan actor  Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go low-key as they join pal Courteney Cox at jewellery designer Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte Posted a bikini photo Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival Teamed chunky sneakers with her dress 'She is outnumbered by toddlers and dogs...OMG!' Kris Jenner shares snap of Kathy Griffin as she babysits North and Saint West She looked surprised Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, and fiancé Jason Statham, 49, 'seeking advice from baby guru' and father-of-five Sylvester Stallone, 70 Pippa Middleton's wedding to banker James Matthews could be gatecrashed by locals after church rules nearby residents 'must be allowed to attend' Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters... as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers' and 'had sex multiple times a week' Summertime Happiness? Lana Del Rey sparks romance rumors with hunky rapper G-Eazy as they 'make out' at Coachella festival BREAKING NEWS: 'I dreamed of Africa' author Kuki Gallmann shot and wounded at Kenyan conservation park  Italian born author Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties Showcased her incredible figure 'I would die for them': Blake Lively describes her love for young daughters James and Ines and her desperation to protect her family Simply radiant! Sharon Stone channels '90s chic in lace dress as she attends the Orange Ball to benefit Lupus LA She is one of 23 celebrity ambassadors Looking all-white! Diane Keaton rocks kooky belted suit and matching hat as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to London mansion... as it's revealed late singer's family 'aren't on board' with his tribute concert Man, you look good! Alanis Morissette nails androgynous chic in fitted navy and yellow panelled trouser suit as she attends TV screening Burt Reynolds, 81, has to sit on a stool at the  photocall for new movie Dog Years at the Tribeca Film Festival... as  Robert De Niro and Ariel Winter lend a helping hand 'Bey always says to be authentic': Kelly Rowland credits BFF Beyoncé for helping her find self-confidence... as singer hails girl power as 'f***ing incredible' Miley Cyrus' sister Noah puts on a chic display in a fitted black jumpsuit as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Unusual look It's a match! Jeremy Clarkson, 56, takes new blonde girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to the FA Cup semi final for a sporty date... as couple's new romance blossoms A breath of fresh air! Elizabeth Banks is pretty as a petal in floral-print dress for Humane Society benefit Actress looked lovely in a sleeveless dress Home sweet home! Cindy Crawford nails casual chic as she shops for furniture with pals in Hollywood Looks like she is getting a home makeover A Beast no more! Dan Stevens looks dapper in a fitted houndstooth suit as he cosies up to stunning wife at screening of new movie Permission Fierce fashionista! Hailee Steinfeld shows off girly glam in tulle mini dress at JDRF Imagine Gala in LA Clad in a long-sleeved embroidered tulle dress It's a slam dunk! Kobe and Vanessa Bryant look the glamorous couple as they step out for premiere of Dear Basketball New York City premiere Yeah mom! Gwen Stefani rocks a 'Jamaica no problem' T-shirt as she runs errands with son Kingston Rossdale  Stepped out in California Effortless chic! Jessica Alba dons simple linen jumpsuit and khaki jacket as she enjoys fun day of shopping with daughters Casual chic Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz Spotted shopping in LA Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga She is moving on  Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses The Coldplay frontman looked like a kid at heart Soccer mom! Jennifer Garner flashes her pins in denim shorts as she takes her children to sports practice The mother-of-three looked radiant Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Protected her face with a straw hat Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA The well styled blonde beauty wore her hair up Showing him what she's got! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bra with sheer green dress as she joins Alex Rodriguez, 41, for dinner in Miami White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Sizzling on the red carpet Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z They struggled to keep their composure Wedding prep! Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury treat themselves to a couple's mani pedi in Beverly Hills  Spent their Saturday getting pampered Mellow yellow! Elizabeth Moss radiates in a draped dress for the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of Tokyo Project Summer ready Malia Obama shows off her nineties street style while out with a friend in New York City  She headed for lunch at a restaurant in New York City on Saturday Natural beauty! Gisele Bundchen frolics by the beach in tiny string bikini as she leads the stars on social media with Earth Day snaps Looking sensational  'There's nobody freaking out if something happens to me': Dance Moms' alum Abby Lee Miller reveals nerves ahead of weight loss surgery A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival Dazzling appearance Leggy and lovely! Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario dazzles at film's SlowMo Marathon in LA She is promoting the upcoming film Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Down time Hat girl! Paula Patton looks effortlessly good as she enjoys a giggle on Vancouver set of new show Somewhere Between Playing it sun safe Joanna Blooper! Real Housewives of Miami star Krupa falls victim to a gust of wind as she flashes her nude underwear while stepping out for dinner 'We have our things that bother each other': Actress Elsa Pataky reveals hubby Chris Hemsworth DOES have flaws Hollywood power couple She chopped her hair off! Pinup Erika Eleniak, 47, shows off short blonde locks at Baywatch event where she mingles with Zac Efron Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Still turning heads She doesn't age! Playboy vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sensational at Baywatch reunion 20 years after leaving the TV series Still stunning  Tickled pink! Kelly Rohrbach stuns in figure-hugging blush dress at Baywatch Slow Motion Marathon Baywatch movie is set for theaters next month 'Love your body the way it is!': Demi Lovato claims she used 'no filter, no edit' while posing makeup-free in teeny bikini Has never looked better  His anniversary gift! LeAnn Rimes poses in skimpy red bikini as she celebrates six years of marriage with Eddie Cibrian Little red two piece 'I've spent a lot of time in Africa': Reese Witherspoon expresses her fondness for elephants as she speaks out against poaching 'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora 'declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome' Three years ago Arnold Schwarzenegger cuts dapper figure in a striped blazer as he preps for flight to Brazil for his annual sports festival 'I'm so used to it which is almost a sad thing to say': Kylie Minogue, 48, opens up about pressure to look young after revealing she's ditched Botox Blac Chyna wears waist trainer and workout gear in latest Instagram snap...after showing off her impossibly tiny waist Post baby weight loss Ronda Rousey confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap 'Just engaged' Inseparable! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami She slid on a nude turtlenecked sweater Not exactly Perfect Strangers! Sitcom co-stars Bronson Pinchot and Mark Linn-Baker reunite for radio interview after 24 years 'Hi, piggy!' Chrissy Teigen gives baby Luna cute Snapchat filters as they take off with John Legend Had a bit of fun with her one-year-old daughter Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Proud parents-to-be! Star Wars actor Oscar Isaac is the picture of happiness as he supports pregnant girlfriend Elvira Lind at film premiere 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes 'A pretty stupid thing to say': Chris Pratt backpedals from remark that blue-collar Americans aren't represented in Hollywood Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and she pressured the teen into threesomes claims bombshell lawsuit  The Queen takes on Mary Berry with a drop scones recipe she used when Eisenhower visited in 1959 in a new Buckingham Palace teas cookbook  'A true prince': Zachary Quinto writes heartfelt tribute to dog Noah after the pup's passing The 39-year-old actor said goodbye to his dog of 14 years this week Her business look! Jessica Simpson flashes her cleavage in low-cut top she pairs with black pantsuit at New York summit for her brand Cindy Crawford, 51, Christie Brinkley, 63, and Gigi Hadid, 21, share their first Harper's Bazaar covers to celebrate 150 year anniversary of magazine That just-rolled-out-of-bed look: Kesha tries to pass off a skimpy silk and lace slip as a dress while heading into LAX airport Flying in comfort Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'Nipple clamp ready': Kourtney Kardashian raises eyebrows as she shows off sex toy on Snapchat Reality star's very risque new purchase  How the emotional outpourings of the two 'self-absorbed' young Princes over the death of Diana have left the father who brought them up 'perplexed' He's married! Wizards Of Waverly Place star David Henrie ties the knot with beauty queen Maria Cahill in LA as Selena Gomez looks on Happy day for couple  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now even Posh's mother learns The Victoria as she poses with one foot in front of the other and an arm hid down by her side      DON'T MISS GIRL ABOUT TOWN: No wonder Catherine Zeta-Jones is a smooth operator... her bathroom cabinet is full of expensive lotions and potions  Ravishing in red! Selena Gomez sizzles in skintight gown to attend wedding of Wizards Of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie  Date night in LA! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd take in John Mayer's concert as their relationship hits six month mark Still going strong 'Can't wait to sing for you and see all your looks!': Lady Gaga shares new makeup face tattoo for second weekend of Coachella Shared her new look The Kardashians are 'set to film themselves watching the Caitlyn Jenner special on KUWTK in revenge for her spilling their secrets' The thighs the limit! Pregnant Beyonce shows off her growing baby bump in mini dress and thigh highs combo for Instagram photo shoot He's 'Eternal': Cuba Gooding Jr pays touching tribute to his late soul singer father by posting the cover of his Greatest Hits album on Instagram 'He really likes her!': David Spade, 52, has 'fallen' for new girlfriend Naya Rivera, 30... as the actors are seen on steamy dinner date in LA Getting serious  Keeping Up With The Kleavage! Kris Jenner, 61, flashes her bra in risque semi-sheer bodysuit... after ex Caitlyn dishes the dirt on their marriage Kourtney Kardashian angers tweeters who call her 'immoral' after she wears a fur coat while joking she is having a 'a mental breakdown' Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Enjoying her pregnancy! Serena Williams lounges on the beach in Mexico after announcing she is 20 weeks along with first baby Mel B's nanny Lorraine Gilles 'claims Spice Girl told her to "do the right thing" in handwritten note... weeks before filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte' What's his secret? Sylvester Stallone, 70, looks shockingly youthful and fit as he steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills with yellow shirt Family time in the Big Apple! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy take their son Cyrus and Hugh's father Jonathan for a stroll in NYC Family day out  Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas 'My vacation is always more beautiful when I'm next to my beautiful wife': Patrick Dempsey shares sweet note one year after reconciling with ex It's official! Deadpool 2 starring Ryan Reynolds as the Marvel anti-hero lands a release date The actor reprises his role as the disfigured anti-hero 'Many times I have spent nights crying': Kyle Richards confesses the nasty fights on Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills 'stress' her out 'I'm not dating him!' Tyga's rumored new squeeze Jordan Ozuna hits back at claims she is dating the rapper following his split from Kylie Jenner Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her mother's funeral  Mariah Carey and ex husband Nick Cannon spark rumors of a romantic reunion after heading out for dinner for the second day in a row 'I look at all the other coaches and think am I the only normal one here?': UK The Voice's Boy George 'can't avoid' clashing with 'weird' judges 'I loved what she said': Ryan Murphy reacts to Olivia De Havilland's statement she has 'no memory' of the 1963 Oscars depicted on Feud Keep it under your hat! Cara Delevigne covers her newly cropped hairstyle under a cap... after revealing she will 'shave her head' for latest film role Stevie Wonder leads the droves of A-list guests arriving for lavish $250,000 wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll (but complains that Ireland is a 'bit cold') Get ready for more Avatar! James Cameron reveals FOUR sequels will be coming out in the next eight years The world will be full of Avatar movies  'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Paris Jackson shows off her enviable model figure in casual crop top and quirky boho skirt as she heads to a John Mayer concert in LA Out with her mini me! Michelle Monaghan takes daughter Willow, eight, to art gallery event in West Hollywood Debut of Terrazzo Work by Carly Jo Morgan  She's timeless! Andie MacDowell, 59, flaunts her age-defying figure in plunging glittering gown as she arrives at Groundhog Day musical In New York City  EXCLUSIVE: Laurence Fishburne's daughter Montana 'ranted about Trump, her porn career and was sexually explicit while being arrested for DUI'  Jonah Hill continues to display his slimline physique as he steps out in New York City in a sporty bomber jacket and beanie hat Cut a stylish figure  Zayn Malik shakes off his boy band image as he smokes and drinks at 'wildest house party imaginable' in new video for Still Got Time... and there's a MONKEY too  Glee(ful)! Lea Michele looks in good spirits as she steps out in bright fuchsia kimono and ripped jeans ensemble Bright and sunny  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson Romantic revelation  KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity Pink to make the boys wink! Curvaceous Iskra Lawrence flashes her toned tummy in floral crop top and casual baseball jacket as she steps out in New York So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  Lavish gift  Blast from the past... Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in '90s inspired ensembles for John Mayer's concert Vintage get-up gear   Mel B 'filmed her former nanny having sex with her husband during threesomes' the woman claims as she accuses the star of branding her a 'homewrecker'  Today's headlines Most Read Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky'... Sean Hannity is forced to deny he sexually harassed a former Fox News contributor who claims the married... 'Everyone tunes in': Trump 'refuses to fire gaffe-prone press secretary Sean Spicer because he gets good... Arizona seventh grade teacher, 26, 'performed sex acts on herself while video chatting with her male... Mother of South Carolina 'serial killer' Todd Kohlhepp is found dead in her home five months after her son... Outsiders Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen sweep to victory as France kicks out old guard: Europhile... From Le Pen to la panique: Left-wing rioters hit the streets of Paris after Marine triggers a EU-threatening... How Marine Le Pen turned her Holocaust-denying father's toxic National Front party into a mainstream... 'At the age of 17, Emmanuel told me he'd marry me': Macron's ex-teacher wife, 25 years his senior, hoping to... With no mainstream political party backing him, former investment banker Emmanuel Macron is poised to become... Trump calls French election 'very interesting' just days after saying Paris terror attack could 'probably'... Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's... 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute... 'She may not be the person she was before she was abducted': Elizabeth Thomas's father says his 15-year-old... Barack down to business: Obama heads to his old stomping ground in Chicago's South Side to meet at-risk... North Korea says it is ready to sink US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson 'with a single strike' as it joins... 'Ted Nugent is a brainless twit': David Crosby gets into public spat with The Nuge after his White House... The First Ladies: Melania and Ivanka have a 'frosty' relationship say family insiders as Trump's perceived... Donald Trump's sons look to expand The Trump Organization with two new hotel chains planned for the states... I don't know how to stop homegrown terror attacks, says Department of Homeland Security chief John Kelly  Mexico will 'eventually' pay for the border wall 'in some form' Trump pledges - as he bashes Democrats for... Short but sweet! U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his family wave goodbye before jetting out of Sydney... 'It's a different kind of Presidency': Trump dismisses First 100 Days marker as 'not very meaningful' in... Trump applauds new poll that shows 96 percent of his voters would select the president again - but same... 'The Clinton Center has been bugged': Former President Bill pokes fun at Trump's claim he was wiretapped by... Mar-a-Lago and Bedminster members' names won't be disclosed by the White House - as Trump's chief of staff... Comey lands in New Zealand for top-secret 'Five Eyes' spying conference between US, UK and allies PICTURED: Insurance company president and charity worker hero of American Airlines flight who stood up for... Disgraced admiral caught up in the 'Fat Leonard' corruption case 'began accepting gifts and prostitutes from... MORE HEADLINES Outsiders Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen sweep to victory as France kicks out old guard: Europhile newcomer narrowly wins first vote to take on far-Right's Madame Frexit for the presidency  Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' before dying of suspected heroin overdose aged 56 One is not amused! Kate Middleton is less than impressed when a cheeky London marathon runner SPRAYS water at her and Prince William as they cheer competitors on  PICTURED: Insurance company president and charity worker hero of American Airlines flight who stood up for crying mother 'after aggressive flight attendant almost hit her baby yanking her stroller out of her arms' The First Ladies: Melania and Ivanka have a 'frosty' relationship say family insiders as Trump's perceived favorite child takes on more and more of his wife's duties 'At the age of 17, Emmanuel told me he'd marry me': Macron's ex-teacher wife, 25 years his senior, hoping to become France's next first lady at the age of 64  Daughter suing mom for 'frittering away more than $13m of her inheritance - including an entire apartment building - so she could buy cars and a $6m MANSION next to Gwyneth Paltrow in the Hamptons' What a porker! Kim Jong-un is all smiles as he visits a pig farm while 2million of his subjects starve From primetime to podcast: Bill O'Reilly announces return to the airwaves just six days since he was fired from Fox News amid sexual harassment scandal North Korea says it is ready to sink US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson 'with a single strike' as it joins Japanese destroyers in Western Pacific Ocean Sean Hannity is forced to deny he sexually harassed a former Fox News contributor who claims the married primetime host made 'advances' at her and invited her back to his hotel room Pippa Middleton's lavish wedding to millionaire banker James Matthews could be gatecrashed by locals after church rules nearby residents 'must be allowed to attend' 'She may not be the person she was before she was abducted': Elizabeth Thomas's father says his 15-year-old daughter’s experiences have changed her after she went on the run with teacher, 50, for six weeks  Dashcam footage captures the terrifying moment a four-year-old girl falls out of the back door of a church van onto a highway Seven-foot Great Dane who weighs the same as a baby ELEPHANT and eats 2.5 stone of meat each week is Britain’s biggest dog Author Kuki Gallmann who inspired 2000 Kim Basinger film 'I dreamed of Africa' is shot and wounded at Kenyan conservation park  Tom Brady skipped Trump's White House Super Bowl celebration to be with his sick mother and NOT because Gisele told him to, say former teammates 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the late actress who died of a suspected heroin overdose at the age of 56 Taken home to die: Heartbreak of young mother, 24, as she's told nothing more can be done for her baby born with a brain OUTSIDE her skull  'Ted Nugent is a brainless twit': David Crosby gets into public spat with The Nuge after his White House visit but is dismissed as 'a lost soul' and a 'doper' by the conservative rocker MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Canada 150 Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music All Music NP Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide News Local News |Featured: The Real Scoop Medicine Matters Education Report The Search Sun Run B.C. Election 2017 Canada 150 Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Videos Conversations that Matter Westcoast Homes & Design | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Columnists Real life polygamy: Where sisters are sister-wives and sometimes even ... Local News Cougar commute: Big cats caught strolling through SkyTrain station (with ... Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Clark's Massey mega-bridge bashed by rivals' tunnel-vision Local News Off-road crash kills one, injures two in Abbotsford Food 75 cheap eats in Metro Vancouver (with map) 5 / 5 Vancouver dog-sitting startup GoFetch ready to collar online market Dan Fumano More from Dan Fumano Published on: April 23, 2017 | Last Updated: April 23, 2017 3:10 PM PDT VANCOUVER, BC - OCTOBER 4, 2016, - Willson Cross (left) and Paul Ratchford with Brydie and Juno in Vancouver, BC., October 4, 2016. For feature about the "gig economy" and how technology is changing the face of work. Cross and Ratchford co-founded GoFetch, a local startup that's been described as "the Uber of dog-walking," which secured seed funding this year valuing the company at $2-million. Arlen Redekop / PNG photo) (story Dan Fumano) [PNG Merlin Archive] Arlen Redekop / PNG Share Adjust Comment Print Fresh off a seven-figure round of investor fundraising, a Vancouver tech startup hopes to unleash the business potential of furry friends. Local company GoFetch.ca‘s stated aim is to “make dog ownership simple,” using technology to connect dog owners with registered service providers who can walk their pooches and provide overnight care. Earlier this week, GoFetch closed a $1.4 million seed-funding round, raising money from a mix of institutional venture capitalists and high net-worth individuals, all based in B.C., the company confirmed Friday. “It’s a very B.C.-bred story,” said Willson Cross, the company’s 24-year-old co-founder. “This injection of capital really validates the real-world problem GoFetch is solving for Canadian pet owners, in addition to the healthy growth of the pet category.” GoFetch’s users currently include thousands of dog owners and thousands of service providers across Canada, with Vancouver and Toronto the “hottest markets,” Cross said. Plans are afoot to eventually expand into foreign markets like the U.S., U.K. and Australia. In the last six months, GoFetch has grown from six full-time employees to 15, and expanded from a spot in a co-working space in Vancouver’s Chinatown to its own office in the downtown financial district. It’s a pet-friendly workplace, Cross said, adding the company’s co-founder Paul Ratchford often brings his Australian shepherd to work. “We have dogs in the office every day, all day,” Cross said. More than once in GoFetch’s first year of operation, the startup was described in media reports as “the Uber of dog walking.” Cross said he understands the comparison, but doesn’t necessarily embrace it. “You could call us Airbnb for this, or Uber for that,” he said. “But our mission is to build the largest, most trusted and most vibrant pet-related marketplace in the world.” Pet care is a large and growing industry, accounting for more than $66 billion US in spending last year, according to market research from the American Pet Products Association. And, just like most other industries, online commerce is an increasingly important part of the pet business. Just this week, industry giant Petsmart agreed to acquire fast-growing pet product site Chewy.com for $3.35 billion US, tech news source Recode reported, calling it “the largest ecommerce acquisition ever.” The value of the deal, Recode reported, was larger than Walmart’s $3.3 billion deal for Jet.com last year. Cross loves animals, but does not have a pet of his own. He’s registered as a GoFetch service provider, although he hasn’t had much extra time lately for dog-sitting and walking. “As you can imagine, it’s been a busy time,” said the young entrepreneur. dfumano@postmedia.com twitter.com/fumano CLICK HERE to report a typo. Is there more to this story? We’d like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com  U.S. athlete aces Vancouver Sun Run 2017 B.C. Election 2017: Where the three parties stand on child care Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Latest Local News Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Staff blogs A cook's guide to the world's diners, cafes and bistros REAL SCOOP: Roueche wanted out-of-town hitman, trial hears Video: Sakura-Con 2017 with Sebastian Masuda 6%DOKIDOKI Douglas Todd: Residential school story becoming over-simplified, says chief Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Vancouver dog-sitting startup GoFetch ready to collar online market Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Canada 150 Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 57° 57° Low 54° High 73° Mon 62° 83° Tue 73° 85° Wed 60° 86° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Accused kidnapper due in court Monday Posted 2:52 PM, April 23, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email SACRAMENTO, California — Tad Cummins, the Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old student and disappearing with her for five weeks, is due in court Monday. He is in federal custody in California and was expected to be arraigned in Sacramento, Siskiyou County Prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Cummins was arrested Thursday and the girl was recovered in Northern California after a nationwide search. Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. Under Tennessee law, children 12 and older can choose to leave home unless under “force, threat or fraud.” ‘I’m glad this is over’ When he was captured, Cummins, 50, told deputies “I’m glad this is over.” It began March 13, when the girl, Elizabeth Thomas, went missing in Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins, too, was gone, after borrowing his wife’s Nissan Rogue and having recently filled prescriptions for erectile disfunction medicine and securing a $4,500 loan. Surveillance images showed them at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. They were found after staying at least a night in a remote cabin 2,500 miles from home near Cecilville, California, near the Oregon border. Cummins reportedly told the tipster who called police that the girl was his 22-year-old wife. 38.581572 -121.494400 Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular MCSO: Man dies in IRONMAN competition in The Woodlands Bombshell: Aaron Hernandez left third suicide note to jailhouse lover 3 charged in robbery, fatal shooting of man in North Shore area Mother arrested after horrific videos showing 1-year-old being abused, burned, tortured posted on Facebook Latest News Rockets take 3-1 lead with win over OKC March for Babies honors premature babies by raising funds “No Warriors Left Behind”– AVON 39 hosts Breast Cancer Awareness Walk in Houston Women trash store and run over clerk in Michigan Nation/World Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Nation/World NewsFix Tennessee teacher suspected in kidnapping arrested in northern California; teen found safe Nation/World Wife of Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping wants divorce NewsFix Teacher and missing student sought, teacher’s wife urges him to surrender Nation/World Police: Hunt continues for armed teacher who kidnapped student Nation/World Fugitive ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen reportedly seen in Texas: police Nation/World Tennessee law could protect Elizabeth Thomas’ suspected kidnapper Nation/World NewsFix Family of teen believed to have been kidnapped by teacher speaks out Nation/World Officer under investigation for beating accused jaywalker Nation/World Armed Tennessee dad confronts sex offender at daughter’s bedroom window: police Nation/World In the Trump years, California is set to lead on climate change Nation/World Ruling on Roman Polanski case to be made within 90 days Nation/World ‘He’s a monster’: Man sentenced in ‘horrific’ kidnapping, sex assault of 2-year-old Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Local Government Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Good Neighbor Iowa to fight ‘perfect lawn mentality’ Justin Kay takes second IMCA Deery Bros win in 3 days Iowa motorcycle legend John Parham ‘touched a lot of people’s lives’ Death at Iowa City bail bonds office suspicious, police say Trump, aides take hard line on border wall as threat of government shutdown looms Justin Kay takes second IMCA Deery Bros win in 3 days El Gaucho nickname is gone, but Mitchell Kranson of C.R. Kernels continues to hit France’s Macron appears set for runoff with Le Pen Trump, aides take hard line on border wall as threat of government shutdown looms Iowa baseball ‘at a crossroads’ after dropping series to Rutgers In King's fading hometown, friends understand Fears of a changing world exchanged over coffee in Kiron Video Photo Bob James, left, Herman Kohnekamp, center, and Russell Paulson often gather for coffee around 6:30 a.m. in the wood-paneled backroom of the Quik Mart in Kiron. (Michael S. Williamson/Washington Post) Russell Paulson shows up for coffee at the Quik Mart in Kiron. Regulars gather one by one each morning and afternoon, except Sundays. (Michael S. Williamson/Washington Post) The fresh grave of Walt Miller at Kiron Cemetery. (Michael S. Williamson, Washington Post) Russell Paulson, 80, holds a portrait of his wife, Glenda, who died 18 months earlier. (Michael S. Williamson/Washington Post) Rep. Steve King, a Republican from the 4th House District, speaks to delegates in May 2016 at the Iowa Republican Convention on the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines. (Rebecca F. Miller/The Gazette) By Washington Post Apr 22, 2017 at 12:47 pm | Print View KIRON — Russell Paulson had already heard by the time he arrived at the Quik Mart for his afternoon coffee. Walt Miller had died. “Died last night, huh?” someone was saying as Russell pulled up a chair. “Yeah, last night,” another man said. Russell listened; he had known Walt. At the age of 80, he knew almost everyone in Kiron, a town of 229 people, one of whom is Republican U.S. Rep. Steve King. Russell knew King, too, knew that he was the sort of person always stirring controversy, often by raging against what he called “cultural suicide by demographic transformation.” More recently, King had said that “we can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies,” a comment embraced by prominent white supremacists and widely condemned around the country as demonizing Latino and other immigrants. There was little controversy across King’s district, though, a swath of rural America made up of tiny towns with tiny, aging white populations that routinely elected King with more than 70 percent of the vote. In Kiron, people brushed it off as King being King, a man they all knew, expressing a plain truth they all understood: the white population was shrinking and towns like theirs were vanishing, with the few exceptions being places such as Denison, a pork-processing town 20 minutes down the highway where population growth was being driven by immigrants from Mexico and Central America. Kiron, meanwhile, was losing steam. According to the most recent census figures, the population included nine Mexicans; the other 220 were all white, and their numbers were decreasing by 10 or so each year, and now, on a recent Wednesday, by one. “Oh Walt Miller? He did pass?” Dwain Swensen, 67, said, sipping his coffee. “What’d he have, pancreatic cancer or something?” asked Ron Streck, 70. “Liver,” said Herman Kohnekamp, also 70. “I think that’s what it was, wasn’t it, Russell?” “I knew he passed but didn’t know any details,” Russell said.   It was a quiet afternoon, the ritual 3 p.m. coffee in a place where, as one regular put it, “You can figure out Steve King by understanding all of us.” Every day but Sunday, the bell on the front door rang as they arrived. The wood-paneled backroom was waiting. The bell rang again. “Oh,” Ron said under his breath, seeing who it was. “Here comes trouble.” It was Kevin Lloyd, 52, who came in occasionally and had been in the day before, riled up about the latest Steve King situation, going on about how people had misunderstood. “If you’re American, you got to take care of America!” he had said. “I love that people want to come here from Mexico, from Ukraine, from the Middle East, but they need to come here legally.” Dwain, Ron, a woman named Jane Gronau and Russell had been there, sipping their coffees, as Kevin had continued that he had no idea why people would call King a “white supremacist,” or, for that matter, why people would call President Donald Trump racist. “Now, is Barack Hussein Obama a Muslim? In my opinion, yes,” he had said, and that had brought him to the other thing he figured King meant about babies. He had meant babies of the Muslims that Obama had allowed into the country. “And here, I’m going to quote a great president, Abe Lincoln,” he had said. “He said the fall of America will come from the inside. Well, if you’re allowing all these children in, and if they hate America, how long is it going to be before we’re not the United States of America anymore?” Jane had nodded: “If you study the number of Muslims, there are going to be so many here, and they’re going to have so many kids, they’re going to be able to take over that way.”   “I think what King was trying to get across is, look: We can only grow so many hogs, so much beans and so much corn,” Kevin had said. “If we let everybody in, we’re going to be without a food source. And what happens when that’s gone? Then we’re all in trouble.” Chaos, beheadings, starvation, the death of one America and the rise of another — that was the trouble Kevin raised the day before, and now he was back, interrupting the conversation about Walt Miller. “What are you up to, Mr. Paulson?” he said to Russell. “Just listening and learning,” Russell said, holding his coffee. “Every once in a while, I learn something here. Every once in a while, I learn something about myself.” “So how old was Walt?” Ron continued. “Mid-60s, I’d say,” said Herman. “Died last night,” Ron said again. “Last night,” Herman said again. The next day, Russell had his morning coffee and got into his car. He stopped by the bank where he’d been going since the 1940s. He got back into his car and drove one block to the edge of town, turned onto the two-lane highway, then one long gravel road after another, straight lines stretching out into fallow fields. “Some of the roads have been abandoned,” he said. “Because there’s not as many people living out here, the roads just disappeared.”   He knew the roads better than anyone. His family’s roots in the area stretched to the 19th century, when the U.S. government was aggressively removing Native American tribes to make way for one of the largest immigration waves in American history. The Swedes came, the Germans came, the farms, the towns and generations of babies, one of whom was Russell Elmer Paulson, born in 1927. He was raised on his mother’s farm in rural Kiron and never left other than a stint in the Army, and one in Dubuque. “It wasn’t for me,” he said, driving along. He and his wife, Glenda, inherited land when Russell’s parents died and lived on it until they retired and moved into town. Russell’s work had been farming and insurance adjusting. His culture was being a Methodist, a Mason and listening to polka, though most of that had fallen away. The church he and Glenda had gone to “died for lack of people and money,” he said. His kids left for jobs elsewhere. Glenda died last year. Soon he turned onto a narrow dirt road leading to the farm where he and Glenda had lived, a collection of storage buildings where Russell now kept his old tractors, and one he used as an office, where he went these days to work crossword puzzles or sit and think. “Commune with God and the birds,” he said. “Well, not too many birds now.” Pulling back onto the gravel road, he passed a rotting barn and a bird on a stretch of barbed wire, and after a while, a gray house with a huge American flag. “This is Steve King’s house here,” he said.   He had known King a long time and saw no reason to be bothered by something or other he had said. He supported King — “I have no reason in the world to dislike the man” — but wasn’t one to rant about politics. He had no computer, no smartphone. His television had no cable. He watched a half-hour of national news, a half-hour of local, followed by “Wheel of Fortune” and Lawrence Welk. “He’s just kind of one of us,” Russell said of King, driving on past a field where a church had burned, and the home of a man who’d died last year. It began to rain. He drove past fields and more fields until he came to another stand of trees on a hill. “This is the cemetery,” he said, pulling in. He drove slowly past the headstones. “A lot of these people I knew,” he said, and read names. He headed back to town, pulling onto Main Street where a wooden sign said, “Kiron, Blessed with the Best.” After King made his comment about babies, some out-of-town protesters put up another sign below that one that said, “White Supremacist.” The sign didn’t make any sense to Russell and, after it was removed, his main worry was that the protesters might have damaged the town sign, which had started to rot a few years ago. Russell had taken on the job of maintaining it. He had trimmed the tree branches that had grown through the wood. He had taken down “Blessed with the Best” and repainted each of the letters. He went to a lumberyard and had a new K, I, R, O, and N made, painting each letter several times and spraying them with wood preservative. One year, he and Glenda planted a bed of petunias and geraniums. “I don’t think we will ever have a better display of flowers,” he said, and soon he was pulling up to the Quik Mart for the afternoon coffee. The funeral home was in Denison, and the sun was going down as Russell turned onto the two-lane highway toward one of the only towns in Steve King’s district that was growing, and which appeared in the distance as a cluster of lights and rising steam from the pork-processing plant. Russell turned by the Wal-Mart, bustling on a Friday payday, and turned again into a neighborhood where Latino kids were playing in a yard. Up a hill, he parked in front of the funeral home, where people were still streaming in near 7 p.m. Russell made his way through the receiving line, his hat off. He shook hands with Walt’s family, who thanked him for coming, and inched forward until he reached the open casket. He stood there a moment. He looked at Walt. He looked at the satin lining and the farm scene etched into it. A man stood next to Russell. “Went fast,” he said of Walt, who died soon after his diagnosis. “That’s what you hope for.” “I do,” said Russell, still looking at Walt, and soon headed back home. The funeral was the next day at Zion Lutheran Church in Denison, and more people came from Kiron and other vanishing towns like Odebolt and Ida Grove. They sat in jeans and dresses and suits on the wooden pews of a church founded in 1872, and read about Walt in the program, where it was said that “farming and fixing equipment and household items were his favorite things to do,” and soon the church bells began ringing. The pews creaked as everyone stood to watch the pallbearers roll in the coffin draped in a white cloth with a red cross, and a procession of dozens of family members. “Your world has changed,” the pastor began. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Government articles What they’re thinking: Pat Shey Repeated flooding in southeast Cedar Rap ... Iowa lawmakers work all night, then adjo ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 23 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Addons that enhance effectiveness of Marketplace Booking and Reservation System launched Columbia, SC (1888PressRelease) April 23, 2017 – Four add-ons – Booking Social Login add-on, Booking Messaging Add-on, and Booking Review and Rating Add-on, and Booking FAQ add-on – were launched yesterday. The new addons are compatible to Marketplace Booking and Reservation system for Magento 2. „All the add-ons are aimed at trouble shooting the end customers’ doubts and grievance and help them take informed decision, thus extremely customer centric”, said Abhishek Jaiswal and Himanshu Rauthan, Founders of Cedcommerce at the launch. Functionalities of Add-ons: Booking Social Login Add-on: Booking Social Add-on helps the vendors and customers to login to Marketplace booking and reservation system through their social networking sites – Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google, instead of creating a new login account. Booking Messaging Add-on: Booking Messaging add-on establishes a communication channel between all the involved parties: admin, vendor and customers. With this add-on Vendor-Admin and Vendor-Customer Chat is possible. Booking Review and Rating Add-on: Booking Review and Rating Add-on enables customers to review the services of vendors offering their services through Marketplace Booking and Reservation System. Conversely, it helps admin and vendors to get the feedback for their services and help future visitors take an informed decision. Booking FAQ Add-on: Evident from its name, Booking FAQ Addon aims to solve all the customer related queries and doubts. Vendor and admin can list out all and most common grievance and inform them about multiple aspects of their business. About Marketplace booking and Reservation System: It is an extension for Magento 2; which upon installation enables Magento 2 websites to be converted into Marketplace. It has various applications and compatible for all the booking-type related businesses. About CedCommerce: Started in 2010, the company has been involved in over 1000 ventures of customizing solutions to address all the unique needs. Fuelled by its rich experience, the company has developed highly popular Walmart Magento 2 Integration and Jet Magento 2 integration app being used by 500+ sellers across United Stated of America. And recently, it BECAME THE OFFICIAL CHANNEL INTEGRATION PARTNER OF WALMART. The company offers all the products that make selling easier on e-commerce. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2nd International Conference on Industrial Chemistry and Water Treatment Next PostNext Meta Build Industries Achieved AS9100C Accreditation from NVT with help of Global Manager Group Search Recent Posts Gautier Paulin Wins MXGP of Europe 1890321 Alberta Ltd. Acquires Securities of EQ Inc. High Supply giving away samples to celebrate Oversized Cat Eye Sunglasses Governor Cuomo Announces First Span of New Kosciusko Bridge Set to Open on April 27, 2017 What the world needs to do about Venezuela Proudly powered by WordPress
Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Phone: 1-866-770-2032 Email Bill Marler Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Follow Bill Marler on Twitter Food Poisoning Resources Food Poison Journal Food Poisoning Outbreaks and Litigation: Surveillance and Analysis Home About About the Authors Services Topics Food Poisoning Resources Food Poisoning Information Food Poisoning Watch Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Policy & Regulation Food Recall Archives Contact Presented By Marler Clark The nation’s foremost law firm with a practice dedicated to representing victims of foodborne illness Home > Food Poisoning Information > Jefferson City Mystery Restaurant Likely Tied to Salmonella Outbreak Jefferson City Mystery Restaurant Likely Tied to Salmonella Outbreak Posted By Bruce Clark on April 22, 2017 The News Tribune Opinion Page today: With the recent uptick in salmonella cases in Cole County, keep in mind precautions are more productive than panic. As of Tuesday, 25 cases had been reported in the county. While that’s an increase from the norm, it’s no epidemic. About 78,000 people live in the county. Of 20 cases reported the previous Friday, 13 of those affected were found to have a common denominator: They all ate at a particular restaurant. The county health department says that alone doesn’t confirm the restaurant is the culprit, but is continuing its investigation into the outbreak. They have asked the Jefferson City’s Environmental Health Services Division to investigate safe food-handling procedures at that food establishment, as well as others named by the affected individuals. That division inspects local restaurants. Marler Clark, The Food Safety Law Firm, is the nation’s leading law firm representing victims of Salmonella outbreaks. The Salmonella lawyers of Marler Clark have represented thousands of victims of Salmonella and other foodborne illness outbreaks and have recovered over $600 million for clients.  Marler Clark is the only law firm in the nation with a practice focused exclusively on foodborne illness litigation.  Our Salmonella lawyers have litigated Salmonella cases stemming from outbreaks traced to a variety of foods, such as cantaloupe, tomatoes, ground turkey, salami, sprouts, cereal, peanut butter, and food served in restaurants.  The law firm has brought Salmonella lawsuits against such companies as Cargill, ConAgra, Peanut Corporation of America, Sheetz, Taco Bell, Subway and Wal-Mart. If you or a family member became ill with a Salmonella infection, including Reactive Arthritis or Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), after consuming food and you’re interested in pursuing a legal claim, contact the Marler Clark Salmonella attorneys for a free case evaluation. Tags: Salmonella Attorney, Salmonella Lawyer Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Article Spotlight Food Poison Journal Authors Drew Falkenstein Attorney Drew Falkenstein received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Washington in 1999 and his Juris Doctor degree in 2002 from Seattle University School of Law, where he graduated with honors. READ MORE Bill Marler Attorney Bill Marler is an accomplished personal injury lawyer and national expert on foodborne illness litigation. He began representing victims of food-borne illness in 1993, when he represented the most severely injured survivor of the Jack in the Box E. coli outbreak. Read More Bruce Clark Attorney In 1993, Bruce Clark became involved in foodborne illness litigation as an attorney for Jack in the Box restaurants in its E. coli O157:H7 personal injury litigation. The Jack in the Box litigation spanned more than four years and involved more than 100 lawsuits in four states. READ MORE Patti Waller Epidemiologist Patti Waller joined Marler Clark law firm in 2003 after working for twelve years in the Communicable Disease Program at the Washington State Department of Health. At the health department, Patti investigated food and water borne illnesses and outbreaks. READ MORE Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Food Poison Journal Archives Services About the Authors About Home Marler Clark The Food Safety Law Firm 1012 First Avenue, Fifth Floor Seattle WA 98104-1008 1-866-770-2032 OFFICE HOURS: M-F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, Pacific Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Copyright © 2017, Marler Clark, LLP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Design & Support By Lexblog
