Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 68° View Live Radar Mon H 79° L 59° Tue H 78° L 61° Wed H 83° L 60° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Random act of kindness paid forward and more letters to the editors Random act of kindness paid forward and more letters to the editors April 16th, 2017 in Opinion Letters Random act of kindness paid forward My wife and I were recently at the Neighborhood Wal-Mart at about 1 p.m. in the checkout line. Just ahead of us checking out was a black woman whom we had never seen before. As the woman completed checkout, the Wal-Mart associate immediately bagged our purchases. As usual my wife inserted her credit card into the reader. The associate shook her head no, and informed us that the black woman had paid for our purchases. We are white. As we left the store, I looked over the parking lot in hopes of catching the nice woman to say thanks. I did not see her; I hope she will read this and accept my thank you. I was so impressed with her generosity when I got home I decided to pay her act of kindness forward, so I made an online donation to Chattanooga Food Bank. My wife said, "there are still some really nice people in this world." Amen. Robert A. Reno Ooltewah Property taxes threaten owners I live in North Chattanooga, and my property appraisal from the last eight years went from $82,300 to $182,700. I can understand raising my property tax, but why by more than 117 percent in eight years? I went to appeal the assessment, but they said the estimate stands. If I wanted to appeal further I could, but I would have had to jump through hoops and hire a lawyer to understand the form. In my opinion, the property assessor doesn't give a darn about older homeowners and their fixed incomes. He told me my home was a tear-down house and my lot was worth more than the house. It's not about the money. I'm more concerned about my neighbors and if they will be able to keep paying these ridiculous amounts for property tax and keep their houses. I know a lady who had to move and another lady who had to turn everything over to her son because she couldn't afford the property tax. Shame on you, property assessors! Katie Donohoe Hickory Valley Road needs 'redo' This letter is to add support to the writers who recently have complained about the terrible condition of Hickory Valley Road between Shallowford Road and Lee Highway. Attempts to patch it have only made it worse and more dangerous as drivers move from side to side trying to find a level surface on which to drive. Hopefully, a complete redo is in the budget. William "Bill" Courter Eastgate doesn't lack for energy A rant in last Sunday's paper suggested the county move two of its aging schools into the "underused" Eastgate Town Center. Actually, Eastgate is a pretty busy place these days. There is already one public school, as well as the active city Senior Center. The state has a number of offices there. Businesses range from Office Depot to a Tuesday Morning to an international food market. Quite a few people enjoy walking in the mall, which has a beautiful waterfall fountain. And the updated Eastgate food court has several locally owned cafes with fresh-made food and ethnic specialties. It's a fun place to stop by during the week. Allen Chesney Morris Mini Minor was no minor to us A recent letter to the editor writer asks if anyone remembers the Morris Mini Minor. The Morris Minor was our first car when my husband was stationed in Germany as a first lieutenant. The Morris Mini Minor was an adorable, aqua-colored convertible. We have so many wonderful memories driving around Germany in that little car. We especially remember driving through the Alps in Bavaria with the top down and enjoying the scenery of the snow-capped mountains and the beautiful area around that region. We reluctantly sold the car to another fortunate soldier when we came back to the states Patti Gross Elder Mountain State leading way on teacher prep In response to Kendi Rainwater's recent story, "Tennessee urges school districts to be involved in teacher prep, releases report": As the Times Free Press reported, Tennessee is establishing itself as a national leader in teacher preparation by taking steps to improve the quality of the programs preparing the next generation of teachers — and it is an anomaly. NCTQ research has found too many teacher prep programs nationwide do an inadequate job of tasks such as providing sufficient opportunities for aspiring teachers to practice teaching with feedback, choosing cooperating teachers for student teaching, raising admission standards and teaching elementary content. We hope this project extends to the actual content offered by these programs, as too many ignore scientific research on how to teach reading and math. Since there's little evidence showing professional development has much effect on teachers' instruction, it's better to ensure future teachers learn what they need before they take charge of their own classroom. We are pleased to see Tennessee building partnerships between districts and education schools to prepare more effective teachers and using data to guide improvement — and hope the rest of the country is paying close attention. Kate Walsh, President, National Council on Teacher Quality Mr. Mayor, tear down those statues What fake news? Suggesting that a proposed removal of a statue, along with re-naming Lee Circle in New Orleans, is a distortion of history is more than a bumbling slight-of-hand, it is a ridiculous conflation. Full disclosure; I'm a northerner now happily living in the South. To be clear, I am an American veteran proud of our heritage but also acutely aware that our history is far from blemish-free. The Civil War or as they like to language it here, the War of Northern Aggression, was not a noble moment. Insisting it was raises ignorance to the level of virtue. Notwithstanding the sacrifice and gallantry that existed, at its core the rebellion was a blatant, self-serving attempt to preserve and continue the economic engine of slavery, the most heinous of human indignities. No, we cannot change history, but by erecting statues celebrating and venerating that misguided effort flies in the face that we truly understand our past or have learned anything from it. Denny Pistoll Rising Fawn, Ga. Newark route less stressful My family's vacation of choice is a trip to New York City. We have tried everything to get there quickly, efficiently and at minimum cost. We have driven to and taken flights from Atlanta and Nashville. We even have taken Amtrak from Atlanta to Penn Station. Planes, trains and automobiles — we have done it all. This spring break, we decided to give the new Chattanooga-to-Newark route a try because I could not fight the traffic and lines of the Atlanta airport anymore. This route is easy and the best option for Chattanoogans. We left around 6:15 a.m. and arrived in Newark by 8:30. We jumped on the New Jersey rail for about $12 a person and pulled into the heart of Manhattan less than one hour after arriving. The flight was great, and the entire trip was much less stressful. The route is a little more expensive than a direct flight from Atlanta, but if you figure your parking or other transportation expenses and your sanity, then it's the perfect choice. I hope other local travelers will choose this route for visiting NYC. It's continuing proof Chattanooga is a great place to live. Meg White One missile strike! But all the rest? I had coffee with a close conservative friend the other day. He was jubilant, virtually on a roll, praising ad infinitum our president for the recent missile strike on Syria. He went on and on almost in one breath: Syria, ISIS, North Korea, Iran. Then my friend asked me what I thought was the biggest threat to America. "The Electoral College," I said. He just stared at me. Mike C. Bodine More Articles Read next article Syria missile strike exposes hypocrisy and more letters to the editors Getting Started/Comments Policy Getting started 1. If you frequently comment on news websites then you may already have a Disqus account. If so, click the "Login" button at the top right of the comment widget and choose whether you'd rather log in with Facebook, Twitter, Google, or a Disqus account. 2. If you've forgotten your password, Disqus will email you a link that will allow you to create a new one. Easy! 3. If you're not a member yet, Disqus will go ahead and register you. It's seamless and takes about 10 seconds. 4. To register, either go through the login process or just click in the box that says "join the discussion," type your comment, and either choose a social media platform to log you in or create a Disqus account with your email address. 5. If you use Twitter, Facebook or Google to log in, you will need to stay logged into that platform in order to comment. If you create a Disqus account instead, you'll need to remember your Disqus password. Either way, you can change your display name if you'd rather not show off your real name. 6. Don't be a huge jerk or do anything illegal, and you'll be fine. Chattanooga Times Free Press Comments Policy The Chattanooga Times Free Press web sites include interactive areas in which users can express opinions and share ideas and information. We cannot and do not monitor all of the material submitted to the website. Additionally, we do not control, and are not responsible for, content submitted by users. By using the web sites, you may be exposed to content that you may find offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of the Times Free Press web sites and any content on the Times Free Press web sites, including, but not limited to, whether you should rely on such content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to review any content that you have submitted to the Times Free Press, and to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content that we determine, in our sole discretion, (a) does not comply with the terms and conditions of this agreement; (b) might violate any law, infringe upon the rights of third parties, or subject us to liability for any reason; or (c) might adversely affect our public image, reputation or goodwill. Moreover, we reserve the right to reject, delete, disable, or remove any content at any time, for the reasons set forth above, for any other reason, or for no reason. If you believe that any content on any of the Times Free Press websites infringes upon any copyrights that you own, please contact us pursuant to the procedures outlined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (Title 17 U.S.C. § 512) at the following address: Copyright Agent The Chattanooga Times Free Press 400 East 11th Street Chattanooga, TN 37403 Phone: 423-757-6315 Email: webeditor@timesfreepress.com Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Finding a foster fit: East Ridge family's bond with girls keeps sisters together [photos] Stopping the pain: Chattanooga police, child advocates hope to boost abuse reporting Bill allowing alcohol at street fairs near Chattanooga Choo Choo heads to governor Chattanooga City Council to consider short-term vacation rental district Four new faces to join Chattanooga City Council Walker County codes enforcement gets aggressive [map] Jasper to offer online bill payment option to residents 2-year-old survives near drowning in Bradley County Man shot at Motel 6 off I-24 in Chattanooga Camp College: Preparing students for higher ed success [photos] Hamilton County Sheriff's Office reaccredited by national association Mark Green opponents using September speech in Chattanooga against him
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad North Korean ballistic missile launch FAILS: Kim Jong-un fires new 'game changer ICBM' - but it BLOWS UP almost immediately in embarrassing failure as Vice President Pence flies to Seoul Pictured: The two young sisters who were shot dead by their dad in his Land Rover after he kidnapped them - before he set the SUV on fire and killed himself as cops arrived Beware the brown noser! Staff who flatter their bosses are more likely to stab them in the back Fire captain walks into a restaurant, shoots man dead and wounds his ex wife before killing himself in front of shocked customers He's a fast learner! April the giraffe's world famous newborn son is on his feet within 30 minutes of being born in front of 1.2million people Fake cop armed with a BB gun is caught impersonating a police officer when he pulls over a REAL detective in an unmarked cruiser at a 'traffic stop'  Survivor contestant who outed rival as a transgender man is FIRED from his real estate job Jimmy, you're hired: Fallon plays Jared Kushner - complete with his fashionable war zone outfit - on SNL as Alec Baldwin fires Steve Bannon in hilarious cold open Melania and Barron Trump will move to the White House this summer once the 11-year-old finishes out the school year 'Today across America we are taking the gloves off': Tens of thousands march across the United States and at Trump's Mar-a-Lago doorstep on historic Tax Day to demand that Donald Trump release his tax returns Anti-Trump protest turns into a massive brawl: Twenty one are arrested after hundreds of Tax Day protesters trade punches with Donald supporters in Berkeley Trump and circumstance: US president insists on GOLD-plated welcome with procession down The Mall in the Queen's royal carriage during his UK visit in October Teflon Don: Trump claims he is IMMUNE from lawsuit from protesters 'who were roughed up at one of his campaign rallies' 'I clearly meant to say concentration club': Melissa McCarthy ridicules Sean Spicer's Hitler comments and gives a Passover lesson dressed as the Easter bunny on SNL 'We're excited to once again have a president who respects the Second Amendment': Donald Trump to be the first President since Reagan to speak at the National Rifle Association's convention Far-right French election hopeful Marine Le Pen blasts Donald Trump's soft new stance on Nato saying he is contradicting himself and needs to put America first  REVEALED: Kim's plan to kidnap Western tourists from South Korea to hold as hostages if Trump attacks the Hermit Kingdom... as an American carrier strike group closes in on the North Korean coastline At least 100 people dead as a suicide car bomb hits convoy of buses evacuating residents from the clutches of ISIS to safe havens in Syria Former Afghan president Hamid Karzai accuses current government of treason for cooperating with the US in MOAB strike on ISIS tunnel complex North Korean soldiers who compared Kim Jong-un to a mentally ill child in extremely unwise joke are arrested and face DEATH penalty  America launches first test flights for upgraded nuclear bomb over Nevada desert Putin taunts Britain again: Two Russian warships are escorted through English Channel by Royal Navy amid escalating global tension What about North Korea?! Grinning Trump hits his Palm Beach golf course for the 18th time as president amid growing tensions on the Korean Peninsula 'The president has no further comment': Trump brushes off Kim Jong-un's failed ballistic launch as he and Melania mingle with guests at Mar-a-Lago Previous Next Montana State University professor sues Wal-Mart for libel after store employee listed his job as a 'toilet cleaner' on his fishing license Gilbert Kalonde is a professor of technology education at Montana State In April 2015, he bought a fishing license from Wal-Mart Instead of putting Kalonde's correct occupation on the document, the employee entered 'clean toilets'  Kalonde says he was ridiculed after he showed the license to students  The mistake was not noticed for almost two years when he went to renew   By Associated Press Published: 19:54 EDT, 15 April 2017 | Updated: 23:49 EDT, 15 April 2017 e-mail View comments Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit last week in Gallatin County District Court A Montana State University professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel after he says an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation as a 'toilet cleaner' on a fishing license, although he didn't notice the mistake for two years. Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Walmart employee identification of his employment at MSU.  But the employee entered 'clean toilets' into the state database as Kalonde's occupation. When it came time for Kalonde to renew his fishing license at Walmart he said he told the employee that he worked for MSU, but 'clean toilets' was left as Kalonde's occupation on his license. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bizarre moment 'Superman' beats up a homeless person after... Anti-Trump protest turns into a massive brawl: Hundreds of... Share this article Share The license stated his job was a 'toilet cleaner' but the error wasn't noticed until he showed it to colleagues at the university where he worked more than a year after renewing at Wal-Mart Kalonde has since had his license corrected but has not yet received a written apology It wasn't until a lunch break at the university when he showed his teaching assistant his license that he became aware of the error. The assistant jokingly asked Kalonde's  if he had changed jobs. Kalonde says he was 'very shocked and embarrassed' by the incident.  'In Kalonde's home country of Zambia, the people that do this work are the lowest social class, and are shunned and avoided by society,' the suit said Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens told The Associated Press: 'To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing.  'We've not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court.' The suit contends Wal-Mart exposed Kalonde to 'hatred, contempt, ridicule' through the incident. Two days after getting his license renewed, Kalonde returned to Walmart and asked for it to be corrected along with a written apology, although one was never provided. Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Military parade honours 105 years since birth of Kim Il Sung Sword dancers perform during North Korea's Day of the Sun The moment April the giraffe finally gives birth at NY Zoo Muslim woman refuses to remove hijab for airport security in Rome Woman who dressed as witch to abuse children sentenced to life Pentagon release footage of MOAB being dropped in Afghanistan April looks on as calf tries to take its first wobbly steps Bad parker gets blocked by two Jeeps to teach him a lesson Huge crowd welcomes Kim Jong-Un at Day of the Sun rally Savage dog eats bird being released into the wild Raging mum goes ballistic over toddler stepping on son's foot US Air Force releases footage of the first MOAB bomb test North Korean ballistic missile launch FAILS: Kim Jong-un... Husband and wife discover they are twins after shock DNA... Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana takes... Girls as young as 12 are slashed with razor blades in... Putin taunts Britain again: Two Russian warships are... Chaos for thousands of British holidaymakers as... April the world famous giraffe FINALLY gives birth at NY... 'We got him': Suspect who 'raped and murdered' Google... Bride-to-be sells her wedding dress on Facebook for £100... North Korean soldiers who compared Kim Jong-un to a... REVEALED: Kim’s plan to kidnap Western tourists from... Devastating aftermath of the 'Mother of all Bombs':... Anti-Trump protest turns into a massive brawl: Twenty one... Italian woman who ate two raw eggs EVERY day and was the... Too middle class to be a good mother: Mum reveals how a... Ruined in hours: Police probe 'suspicious' inferno which... Trump and circumstance: US president insists on... The final insult to Cecil's lovechild: Parkinson's... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Smoochella! Selena Gomez and The Weeknd pack on the PDA as they kiss in the VIP section at Coachella Cute couple Topping up her Tran! Model Karrueche soaks up the sun as relaxes on the beach with friends in Miami Showed off her fabulous figure in Miami Cheeky! Ireland Baldwin shows off her sandy posterior and phenomenal figure in a skimpy thong bikini Gave her Instagram followers an eyeful Newly-single Tyga hangs out with Brooklyn Beckham at Interscope Coachella House... as ex Kylie Jenner slithers away at different festival party 'Beautiful day in Malibu': Britney Spears, 35, and hunky boyfriend Sam Asghari, 23, enjoy intimate date by the ocean Cute Instagram snap Violet desert vibes! Kylie Jenner debuts purple tresses for day two of Coachella...while wearing low-cut snakeskin number Eye-catching look Fedorable! Jenna Dewan Tatum looks stylish in deep red hat and sexy maxi dress as she shops at Whole Foods Looked summer-ready Taking a walk down memory lane! Kourtney Kardashian shares sweet childhood photos of her and Kim hunting for Easter eggs Adorable family pics On the DL! Make-up free Lea Michele keeps a low profile as she makes a grocery run to Whole Foods with her mom in Brentwood Dressed down look Janelle Monae kisses Stevie Wonder and presents him with Key of Life Award at ASCAP Expo They shared the Loews Hollywood Hotel stage Actor Clifton James, who played a swaggering, tobacco-spitting sheriff in two James Bond films, dies from complications due to diabetes aged 96 New romance alert? Orlando Bloom is 'hanging out as more than friends' with Nina Dobrev... just a month after splitting with Katy Perry Jimmy, you're hired: Fallon plays Jared Kushner complete with fashionable war zone outfit - as Alec Baldwin fires Steve Bannon in hilarious SNL cold open 'Why would anyone go solo?': Harry Styles does HILARIOUS Mick Jagger impression on first coast-to-coast SNL The first time Harry performed solo 'I clearly meant to say concentration club': Melissa McCarthy ridicules Sean Spicer's Hitler comments and gives a Passover lesson on SNL Bonding time: Cameron Diaz keeps it casual in boyfriend jeans as she enjoys LA day with sister Chimene and niece Family day out Sofia Vergara totes 'Modern' purse out of Saks Fifth Avenue... after recovering from 102-degree fever Got sick after shooting a rain sequence GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Meghan Markle quits her ambassador role at tight leather clothing firm prompting speculation she is 'preparing for Harry engagement' Coachella kisses! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross pack on the PDA as they cuddle on couch during music festival party Loved-up Desert hot! Christina Milian flaunts toned torso in white bikini top and Daisy Dukes at JustFab & ShoeDazzle Coachella event She was smouldering Heavenly! VS Angels Alessandra Ambrosio, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes descend upon Coachella bash A trio of stunning supermodels 'Say no to flower crowns!' Zoe Kravitz shares her thoughts on Coachella... as she sits this one out She has been a usual attendee of the festival Sizzling beauties! Bikini bloggers Natasha Oakley and Devin Brugman ditch swimwear for furry coats and boho-style at desert festival Coachella Ladies who brunch! Olivia Culpo shows off her sidebook as she joins Jamie Chung at Coachella bash Nowadays Coachella is all about the parties She's a boho babe! Emily Ratajkowski showcases her rock hard abs in hippie chic crop top at Coachella Levi's bash Flaunted her abs White hot! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her phenomenal figure in plunging tank and skinny jeans as she steps out in Beverly Hills Flawless figure  Looking for a new housemate? Jennifer Garner visits cat cafe Crumbs & Whiskers in LA as ex Ben Affleck 'prepares to move out' Looking to adopt? The windows are in! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's $20m estate slowly nears completion ahead of May move-in date (now to finish the roof) Pitch perfect! Mila Kunis throws the opening ball at Chicago Cubs game The baseball fans was over the moon with the pre-game tradition  'I don't have anything against her': Zayn Malik's mum Trisha caught up in social media spat over Perrie Edwards... after she gushes over Gigi Hadid Festival star! Model Shanina Shaik flaunts tiny waist in jumpsuit at Coachella... after being accused by fans of 'cultural appropriation' for braided hairstyle Coachella comeback! Kendall Jenner bounces back from Pepsi controversy as she hosts star-studded party Her reputation took a beating She's no angel! Bathing beauty Candice Swanepoel displays cleavage as she splashes around in floral soaked pool for photo shoot Survivor contestant Jeff Varner reveals he was fired from real estate job after outing Zeke Smith as a transgender man Booted  from the show His biggest fan! Khloe Kardashian roots for boyfriend Tristan Thompson at Cleveland Cavaliers playoff game... but she's not sitting courtside Maria Sharapova reveals she took advantage of her drugs ban to go on a DATING spree - but failed to find love because men 'find her too intimidating'  Summer body en pointe! Jonah Hill shows off his slimmed down frame as he picks up some Prada goodies The 33-year-old was spotted looking slim  'I think I'll keep it out': Kate Beckinsale pays tribute to her late father Richard as she showcases her phenomenal figure in lacy white swimsuit Just don't mention Pepsi! Kendall Jenner flaunts her curvy behind in just a thong at Coachella Reality star showed off her figure  Leggy blonde! Rachel McCord shows off her long slender pins and perky derriere in sheer swimsuit at Coachella The 27-year-old flaunted her endless lean legs Sending temperatures soaring! Ashley Graham flashes major cleavage as she seductively touches body while climbing out of pool at Coachella Lady in red! Victoria Justice shows a little leg in crimson cold-shoulder maxi-dress at Coachella brunch Chilling poolside IRS 'drains Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott's bank accounts'... weeks after she welcomes their fifth child Reality star couple 'I used to be worried about being typecast': Actress Allison Williams makes film debut in horror flick Get Out following Girls' finale as Marnie Daddy cool! Liam Payne continues to showcase his new grungy look in array of edgy selfies... following the birth of his first child with girlfriend Cheryl  Fallen Angel pose! Martha Hunt and Josephine Skriver match in spandex for Victoria's Secret yoga at Coachella Sexy Little Things launch His number one fan! Selena Gomez flashes her bra as she clings to The Weeknd ahead of his 'surprise' Coachella slot Was added to the line-up Golden goddess! Hailey Baldwin strikes a statuesque pose in a chained bikini at Coachella bash Stopped for a moment of relaxation The mane attraction! Katy Perry continues to show off dramatic pixie hair 'do just days after getting it cut Shared a close-up video of herself Wish you were here? Olivia Culpo flashes sideboob as the stars show off on social media at Coachella She clearly wanted all eyes on her Boho heaven! Rachel Zoe channels her bohemian style for Coachella event ZOEasis alongside Chanel Iman She threw a party in the desert GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Prince Harry has 'automatic rhythm' on the dancefloor, says The Voice singer who taught him how to shuffle Has a secret party trick Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana takes their newborn son Eissa for a stroll through the park and feeds him after marriage breakdown  A windswept Solange Knowles exudes glamor in saucy scarlet lace jumpsuit as she heads to Levi's Coachella bash in LA Showed off her figure 'I'll still care about relationships and being in love until I'm dead': Sheryl Crow reveals how her broken heart has helped her songwriting Monty Python star Terry Jones, 75, is suffering from dementia which leaves him barely able to speak - but still enjoys beer, wine and long walks Harry Styles surprises fans with pizza and kiwis ahead of his performance on the very FIRST live SNL A fun surprise for his dedicated fans No fomo here! Bella Hadid goes sky diving in Dubai... as the rest of her crew (and ex The Weeknd) live it up at Coachella Taking the plunge  Pippa's in-laws are told they can't stay at Middleton Manor for their son's wedding because Kate, Wills and their security will be stopping over  Stephen Belafonte 'falsely accused Mel B of having an affair with Simon Cowell ahead of her bruised appearance on The X Factor' 'Fierce spat' Mel B heads to a hair salon in LA... as her estranged husband 'reaches out to stripper to support him' in the couple's bitter divorce battle Festival flexing! Ashley Graham flashes her midriff as she works out with hunky husband at Coachella They weren't going to stop to party  Looking booty-full! Ariel Winter gets cheeky as she flashes her behind in high-cut shorts at Coachella The 19-year-old stepped out with bright locks  Brooklyn Beckham makes a stylish entrance to Coachella but keeps his inkings covered up as a pal films his entrance to the Palm Springs event Heaven on earth! Emma Roberts keeps her cool at Coachella bash in lacy white mini dress and ankle boots She was dressed in her festival best Pink hair do care! Holly Madison reveals her newly dyed locks as she showcases her cleavage at Coachella Getting ready for a day at Coachella Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon drink beers at Byron Bay pub as the Thor star pulls faces with his children and steals a kiss from wife Elsa Pataky Victoria Beckham ups the glamour in incredibly plunging black dress as she escorts sweet daughter Harper, 5, to glamorous family dinner in LA White hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, exhibits her eye-popping assets and toned midriff in TINY bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts Eye-popping assets  'I'm chilled now!' Anne Hathaway shares how becoming a mother has made her less 'tightly wound' Her son turned one in March  Justin Theroux reveals he apologized to castmates on the Australian set of The Leftovers after drawing attention as Jennifer Aniston's husband 'I'm self-centered': John Mayer says he has a 'horrible existence' because he can't stop thinking about his work He is obsessed with himself 'The dream was always to be in a band with my brother': Former Glee star Darren Criss hopes to tour Australia with brother Chuck in new band Kris Marshall is 'set to replace Peter Capaldi as Doctor Who at the end of this series'... after becoming the bookies' top choice for the famous role Doctor Who's lesbian sidekick in 'perving' storm: Feminist campaigner accuses BBC of 'girl-on-girl titillation for the benefit of male viewers'  'A sophisticated intellectual!' Nick Cannon and Monroe wear matching specs for daddy-daughter selfie Doting dad 'She is living her life in fear': Mel B 'given additional security on America's Got Talent out of fears for her safety'... following messy divorce battle  'My Blue died yesterday': Salma Hayek cries as she pays tribute to her beloved dog with heartfelt Instagram post Fans flooded social media with condolences Taking the Mickey! Braless Courtney Stodden suffers a nipslip as she goes on a rollercoaster at DisneyLand Embarrassing  'The show must go on!' Andy Karl injured on stage... days before Broadway premiere of musical Groundhog Day Hospitalized after hurting his knee  Matt Le Blanc, 49, joins rumoured producer girlfriend Aurora Mulligan, 32, as the Top Gear crew including Rory Reid enjoy series wrap party in London Lady Victoria Hervey  flashes her abs as she makes an appearance at Coachella... after admitting to threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Ringing in the weekend! Kirsten Dunst shows off her diamond engagement band over brunch with friends She said yes to Jesse Plemons' proposal  So that's how she does it! Goldie Hawn keeps fit at 71 as she works up a sweat on her daily jog The actress is making sure she stays fit ahead of her new film Festival fun! Cara Santana embraces hippie chic while Devon Windsor looks leggy in polka dots at Coachella Rocking the true festival style  'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Star  is making sure to keep in tip-top shape  Coachella crisis! Radiohead walk off the stage TWICE as sound problems plague headliners Technical issues hampered the set  The Doctor finally joins the 21st Century. But after a 50-year wait the Time Lord's first gay companion was upstaged by a toilet, a puddle, and the Daleks  'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo of three-month-old son Eissa A week after split 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage Back in the saddle! Zara Tindall competes in another trial just a day after tumbling off her horse while negotiating a tricky water jump  Wigging out! Ariel Winter rocks magenta hairpiece and flashes lacy lingerie at H&M's Coachella tent Wore a pink ombré, hip-length hairpiece  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation Another day in paradise  Amber Rose showcases her sizzling hourglass figure in a glitzy leotard, fishnets and a Versace bomber as she attends star-studded bash Just heavenly! Martha Hunt looks sensational in sheer white T-shirt and sequin hotpants as she parties at Victoria's Secret 'oasis' at Coachella Is that her secret? Make-up free Nigella Lawson, 57, looks stunning as she heads to beauty salon for some pampering with a gal pal Plane perfection! Make-up free Emilia Clarke looks in high spirits as she jets out of London in statement pink jacket Pretty in pink  Thigh's the limit! Hailee Steinfeld flashes a hint of leg in tiny tropical T-shirt and coordinating over-the-knee boots as she attends glitzy Coachella bash Shaquille O'Neal to pay for funeral of boy, 13, who accidentally shot and killed himself as his friends watched him playing with a gun on Instagram Live Alessandra Ambrosio displays her washboard abs in lace crop top and cropped denim shorts as she parties up a storm at Coachella Stunning figure  Karlie Kloss is effortlessly chic in wide-leg trousers and a white T-shirt as she does a spot of shopping in New York Turned heads  No star treatment? Mila Kunis heads through security at LAX as she flies to Chicago to throw the first pitch at the baseball game She got an Ora about her! Rita blows kisses as she channels her inner cowboy in fringed jacket while letting loose at star-studded Coachella party They've got great jeans! Rumer, Scout and Tallulah Willis coordinate denim ensembles as they step out for lunch together in LA Family night out! Ashlee Simpson and dad Joe cut trendy figures as they celebrate day one of Coachella Toasted the summer bash in Palm Springs  'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Was so grateful  Feeling nippy? Sofia Richie goes braless under crop top as she boards private helicopter with her celebrity gal pals to head to Coachella Boho chic! Midriff-baring Freida Pinto looks hip in cropped top and flowy trousers while visiting H&M Loves Coachella tent She's ready to rock Sweating up a storm! David Beckham shows off his toned arms following heavy workout in LA... after posting sweet Easter tribute to daughter Harper He's Lion if he says he's not smitten! Dev Patel looks loved-up as he cosies up to sartorially savvy girlfriend Tilda Cobham-Hervey in LA Paul Walker's brother Cody judges a car show in Sydney to support the late Fast And The Furious star's disaster relief charity Tribute to the late star   Whole Lottie love for Coachella! Ms. Moss flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist as she leads the festival glamour at star-studded Palm Springs event  Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash  Looking sensational for the music festival  'Easter up the river!' Model Elyse Knowles flaunts her trim figure and washboard abs in a tiny orange bikini during long weekend Flaunted her figure  Chloe Lattanzi asks people not to judge her based on 'sexy modelling pics on Instagram' after hitting back at fan who insulted her intelligence Shanina Shaik flaunts her new braided hairstyle at Victoria's Secret Coachella launch... after being accused by fans of 'cultural appropriation' Can't mesh with her! Hailee Steinfeld rocks Coachella bash in thigh-high boots and daring see-through top Rocked a very daring ensemble Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest Played photographer 'You stupid b***h!' Sugar Bear gets heated as he threatens Mama June with legal action to enforce visitation with their daughter Honey Boo Boo 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife A very heated argument Bikini babe! Shay Mitchell poses topless on pink swan as she gets ready for Coachella fun Made the most of her resort's pool Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun  Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu She carried her youngest child Reign against her hip Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split 'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Clearly hopping mad about being a new mom 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself 'The hardest question of all': Ruby Rose gets stuck when online survey asks 'male or female?' after revealing she identifies as gender fluid 'My super chic mom': Kelly Ripa shares adorable Easter throwback photo as she and mother coordinate in white and yellow Mother-daughter pic      DON'T MISS FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims Her final movie  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  A flirty bohemian chic crop top PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico 'It can be difficult meeting your heroes': Daisy Ridley offers plot clues for The Last Jedi after trailer debuts at Star Wars Celebration Trailer unveiled The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella Big announcement  'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs Ashley seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation at the festival  Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Tennis star showed off her incredible physique Cheers to freedom! Teresa Giudice toasts the good life on bikini break in Puerto Rico while husband Joe takes his turn behind bars  Their first Coachella! Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in multicolored maxi dress as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Chris Zylka EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, cheating on his wife and being left paralyzed  Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs Looked ready to party  His Wonderwall! Proud dad David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing Japanese uni shots together He's so proud  Judge bars Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak from selling 'potentially embarrassing images or videos' of Fuller House actress She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Out and about with her son  Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries new born son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego The Avatar star  Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds Is finalizing the end of their relationship  EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight, and threatened with a butcher knife... Ashley Graham reveals her shocking life story 'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T wowed as usual  'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Led the star arrivals 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Much-needed shopping Protesters who chased Ryan Lochte on Dancing With The Stars 'agree to pay $20K to stay out of jail' In what's known as a civil compromise  Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs Actress showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body  Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its product is not for execution  Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island Anniversary and babymoon 'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance A break from mum duty What Prince George will wear on his first day at his new $22,000-a-year school - and how Kate will drive him there and back to 'give him normality'  Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Spotted carrying a bottle of wine and fuzzy pillow Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Siblings spent quality time together The wedding is in five weeks - so how rotten that Pippa Middleton's fiance has had to swallow a $463,000 pay cut as profits at his hedge fund firm slump  The angels have landed at Coachella! Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis' Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter Slowing down to enjoy  time off with her family  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City Didn't take any chances with the weather Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok Plays new villain  'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5,000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father Actor got an earful from his kids Cristiano Ronaldo says a German magazine's claims he paid $375,000 to a woman who accused him of rape is 'a piece of fiction' Der Spiegel made claim Cristiano Ronaldo 'uses padding to make his package look bigger', model Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza 'My boobs are gone': The Bachelor star Lesley Murphy, 29, recovers in hospital bed after double mastectomy Her mom had cancer  PICTURED: Pearl Mackie's anticipated debut as Peter Capaldi's assistant... as the rising star says it is 'about time' Doctor Who featured a gay character Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella Lucky brake! James Corden arrives in flash convertible to view a house under construction in LA... as he narrowly avoids being hit by a truck  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat Added some pizzazz with an array of jewels 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Joked 'Oh No1!' 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait with husband John Legend for daughter Luna's first birthday Mom-of-two Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike with a pal near LA... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amalia I will always spoof you! Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds recreate Whitney Houston's 1992 movie poster from The Bodyguard Perfect parody 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off Heavy metal! As Chanel Iman and Victoria Justice step out in chainmail fashions, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can incorporate the look into your wardrobe Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' his two kids... as Friends star lives high life in Paris  Style Swoon: From a Lucy Hale approved accessory line, to Fendi's new retro-inspired sunglasses, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving now 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Wed three years ago Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad Eye-popping photos Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewelry with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out to Toronto to see her Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii Took a dip in the ocean . What breakup? Olivia Munn has a giggle with Keegan-Michael Key on the Canadian set of her new flickThe Predator following split from Aaron Rodgers 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' Her glowing tribute 'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd Three months since Star Wars actress died 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie Cougar Town alum posted touching selfie People actually LIKED Pepsi's ad! Poll shows half of young Americans had more favorable view of brand after seeing controversial Kendall Jenner commercial 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 Previous life as actor Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin Singer, 43, showed off fit and toned physique  Woman, 21, reports that she was raped while backstage at a Chris Brown concert in Nebraska on Monday sparking police investigation Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Spending time alone The Trump fairy! Donald Jr posts photo of the $10 daughter Kai got for losing a tooth Showed off the pearly tooth his nine-year-old daughter had lost Country singer Sam Hunt 'set to wed' fiance Hannah Lee Fowler in Georgia this weekend  Lavish bash for on/off pair of 10 years who got engaged in January Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer Snooze Wars: Underwhelming trailer for 'Last Jedi' premieres offering fans little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia  'When I look at her, I see a future that I never saw': Hoda Kotb breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy in sweet video Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket Lovebirds sported coordinating looks Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at NY's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas No Doubt release new tracks as new band Dreamcar... without Gwen Stefani Trio ventured out on own without Blake Shelton's girlfriend Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and ten bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, following reports he was 'secretly battling cancer'  Band's lead singer Jay Kay, 47, paid tribute Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable bond and share love of acting Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up her morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee on the way to a gym in Los Angeles Boom Clap singer Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit as has another busy day in New York City 'I miss his laughter': Priscilla Presley reflects on Elvis 40 years after his death... and says The King  would NEVER be on Facebook if he were still alive Today's headlines Most Read North Korean ballistic missile launch FAILS: Kim Jong-un launches new 'game changer missile' hours after it... Pictured: The two young sisters who were shot dead by their dad in his Land Rover after he kidnapped them -... Beware the brown noser! Staff who flatter their bosses are more likely to stab them in the back Fire captain walks into a restaurant, shoots man dead and wounds his ex wife before killing himself in front... He's a fast learner! April the giraffe's world famous newborn son is on his feet within 30 minutes of being... Fake cop armed with a BB gun is caught impersonating a police officer when he pulls over a REAL detective in... Survivor contestant who outed rival as a transgender man is FIRED from his real estate job Jimmy, you're hired: Fallon plays Jared Kushner - complete with his fashionable war zone outfit - as Alec... Melania and Barron Trump will move to the White House this summer once the 11-year-old finishes out the... 'Today across America we are taking the gloves off': Tens of thousands march across the United States and at... Anti-Trump protest turns into a massive brawl: Twenty one are arrested after hundreds of Tax Day protesters... Trump and circumstance: US president insists on GOLD-plated welcome with procession down The Mall in the... Teflon Don: Trump claims he is IMMUNE from lawsuit from protesters 'who were roughed up at one of his... 'I clearly meant to say concentration club': Melissa McCarthy ridicules Sean Spicer's Hitler comments and... 'We’re excited to once again have a president who respects the Second Amendment': Donald Trump to be the... Far-right French election hopeful Marine Le Pen blasts Donald Trump’s soft new stance on Nato saying he is... REVEALED: Kim’s plan to kidnap Western tourists from South Korea to hold as hostages if the US attacks the... At least 100 people dead as a suicide car bomb hits convoy of buses evacuating residents from the clutches... Former Afghan president Hamid Karzai accuses current government of treason for cooperating with the US in... North Korean soldiers who compared Kim Jong-un to a mentally ill child in extremely unwise joke are arrested... America launches first test flights for upgraded nuclear bomb over Nevada desert Putin taunts Britain again: Two Russian warships are escorted through English Channel by Royal Navy amid... What about North Korea?! Grinning Trump hits his Palm Beach golf course for the 18th time as president amid... 'The president has no further comment': Trump brushes off Kim Jong-un's failed ballistic launch as he and... 'Our defense system belongs to the country': Former CIA director slams Trump for calling US armed forces... America flexes its muscle in South Korea as U.S. Army conducts defense exercises amid growing tensions with... 'Mr Trump cannot hurt Iran': Former President of Iran says he doesn't see US as a threat even after... When the fate of the world hangs on these two mavericks, I really do fear we're on the brink of apocalypse,... Devastating aftermath of the 'Mother of all Bombs': Children play among the rubble in Afhgan town where... MORE HEADLINES North Korean ballistic missile launch FAILS: Kim Jong-un launches new 'game changer missile' hours after it was introduced at a military parade - but it BLOWS UP almost immediately in embarrassing failure Husband and wife discover they are twins after shock DNA test: Married couple learn they are siblings after routine test at IVF clinic  Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana takes their newborn son Eissa for a stroll through the park and feeds him after posting note thanking the singer for her 'divine love' before their split 'We got him': Suspect who 'raped and murdered' Google exec jogger is arrested eight months after her naked and burned body was found in Massachusetts town Anti-Trump protest turns into a massive brawl: Twenty one are arrested after hundreds of Tax Day protesters trade punches with Donald supporters in Berkeley April the world famous giraffe FINALLY gives birth at NY zoo after prolonged pregnancy - as at least 1.2million people watch online North Korean soldiers who compared Kim Jong-un to a mentally ill child in extremely unwise joke are arrested and face DEATH penalty  Devastating aftermath of the 'Mother of all Bombs': Children play among the rubble in Afhgan town where Trump dropped the explosive - killing 94 militants including four ISIS leaders Trump and circumstance: US president insists on GOLD-plated welcome with procession down The Mall in the Queen’s royal carriage during his UK visit in October Girls as young as 12 are slashed with razor blades in Ethiopian scarring ceremony that sees youngsters ‘cut to be beautiful’  REVEALED: Kim’s plan to kidnap Western tourists from South Korea to hold as hostages if the US attacks the Hermit Kingdom... as an American carrier strike group closes in on the North Korean coastline Italian woman who ate two raw eggs EVERY day and was the last known survivor of the 19th century dies at the age of 117  Pippa's in-laws are told they can't stay at Middleton Manor for their son's wedding because Kate, Wills and their security will be stopping over  Putin taunts Britain again: Two Russian warships are escorted through English Channel by Royal Navy amid escalating global tension Shaquille O'Neal offers to pay for funeral of the boy, 13, who accidentally shot and killed himself as his friends watched him playing with a gun on Instagram Live Blame it UN the boogie! Adoring North Koreans dance the night away in front of gleeful leader Kim Jong-un after their Day of the Sun celebrations  'You perpetrated a lie': The moment Dr Phil confronts race-faker Rachel Dolezal for pretending to be black  He's a fast learner! April the giraffe's world famous newborn son is on his feet within 30 minutes of being born in fornt of 1.2million people 'I'm for women who actually empower other women': New York City chef bluntly refuses interview request from Ivanka Trump's website and explains exactly why... Bride-to-be sells her wedding dress on Facebook for £100 after calling the ceremony off claiming her fiancé 'cheated on her with son's godmother'  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sunday, April 16, 2017 Latest: On Globalization, Cultural Diversity And Education – Analysis Sri Lankan Filmmaker Prasanna Expresses Optimism For Creative Journey Argentina: The Assault On Public Education – Analysis Iran: More Than 1,600 File To Run For President Open Up Multi-Brand Retailing Too To Help Farmers And Consumers – Analysis Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use A Walmart store. Photo by Inoyamanaka79, Wikimedia Commons. 1 Analysis Business  Open Up Multi-Brand Retailing Too To Help Farmers And Consumers – Analysis April 16, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 Comment Agriculture, China, Consumers, Economics, Employment, India, South Asia, Walmart By Observer Research Foundation By Jayshree Sengupta India’s central government had announced in its 2016 Union Budget 100 per cent foreign capital in processed food retailing. Amazon got permission to do so via e-commerce and has applied to the government to invest $500 million in a wholly owned venture to sell food items online. Now US based retail giant, Walmart, is planning to open 50 brick and mortar stores, half of them in UP and Uttarakhand. Walmart already has 21 stores under the umbrella of Best Price Stores — a wholesale chain. It had bought 50 percent share in the Bharati enterprise in the Cash and Carry venture after the joint venture ended in 2013 (100 percent FDI in Cash and Carry ventures which sell in bulk to members only, which was allowed from 2003). The government’s condition to open up the food retail sector in brick and mortar stores has been that sourcing of all products should be from India. However, this has not bothered Walmart because, according to its CEO, it does not carry many imported items due to high custom duties. In the past, the BJP government had opposed the opening up of the multi-brand retail while the UPA government was trying to push ahead with it and had allowed up to 51 percent FDI in 2011. There were political reasons for this opposition. Small traders in corner shops and mom and pop stores constitute important voters for the BJP. There are around 50 million such traders while the food retail business is worth $70 billion. Naturally, getting a slice of this lucrative market is the dream of multinational giant retailers like Walmart and Tesco. But the government, though it has opened up multi-brand retail in food items, has not yet allowed other items to be sold in such stores.  One option is to allow food retailers to generate 20 to 25 percent of their sales from non-food items like kitchen use products or basic household requirements like toothpaste. Walmart is pushing for this because the margins in food retail are very thin. Whether the government will allow 100 percent FDI in multi-brand retail in the future is a much awaited policy move and if it does, it will be welcomed by Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal. Those for it would say that it would create jobs, bring efficiency in storage and inventory management, encourage food processing and bring food from farmer to fork without the chain of middlemen. Lastly, the biggest advantage would be the inflow of a huge amount of FDI that India needs. If Walmart stores do open only food retail shops, they will offer competition to the domestic retail giants like Reliance Fresh, Big Bazaar, Spencer’s, etc. The consumer may benefit if this may bring about competitive pricing and cleaner and properly labelled food items with nutritional information. Walmart may also bring professionalism in management and control of inventories. It may sign contracts with farmers to sell directly to the stores and this would give a better deal to farmers. It would eliminate a long chain of middlemen, but let us not forget that Walmart is also a middleman because it too is an intermediary between the farmers and consumers. While it is true that global supermarkets may purchase directly from farmers and would send produce to their stores in air-conditioned trucks thereby reducing wastage of fruits and vegetables, excessive amount of refrigeration and the extensive use of Styrofoam/plastics for packaging are bad for the environment and will add to our solid waste problem. The consumers may however benefit from food products that have been sorted out, washed and sliced or chopped which will help the average working woman, short of time to cook a meal. But these things are already being done in many up-market Indian supermarkets in big cities. Hence, Walmart has nothing new to offer except perhaps a cleaner ambience. Many have argued that there will be additional jobs in these global supermarkets, especially for women at the cash counters. Others are likely to find jobs in moving, labelling and sorting out goods. But Walmart’s track record is of creating less jobs and using more automation/technology. They will also employ educated smart young people and not the average unskilled job seeker. They may go for capital intensive processing and not employ more labour for their backend operations. On the whole, they will retain an air of exclusivity which may be welcomed by the upper middle classes. Their exclusiveness would mean that the Kirana stores and corner shops may still be around for those wanting to buy one or two items with petty cash and not a cart full of goods with a credit card. Kishore Biyani, the biggest retailer in India, has been thinking ahead and is planning 10,000 stores over four years that will be a hybrid between Kirana stores, e-commerce and large supermarkets. According to him, he will offer unbeatable prices and bank on the loyalty of customers. This will make the global giants’ task more difficult as they are counting on uniform tastes and culture across India. Yet, it must be remembered that global supermarkets have deep pockets and are able to offer big discounts and have staying power that would eliminate others, big and small. They can suffer losses for a number of years in order to capture the market later. For global retail giants, it would be ideal if they are allowed to sell other items also, like in China.  Walmart is very popular in China because one can buy clothing, footwear, groceries, household items, wines and spirits — almost everything under one roof.  But China has nothing much to fear because most goods are Made in China. In India, with people still having great fascination for imported items sourced from other countries, things could be very different. For complete opening up of the multi-brand retail sector, the same condition of selling “Made in India” products may apply and if the global companies agree, there would be a big opportunity for Indian products to be sold in such giant retail outfits and this could give a boost to the languishing manufacturing industry. It is heartening to note that Indian multi-brand retail business is flourishing and will give the global retailers a tough competition and the consumers will be the ultimate beneficiaries. ← US Navy Bans Vaping On Ships, Subs, Aircraft Iran: More Than 1,600 File To Run For President → Observer Research Foundation ORF was established on 5 September 1990 as a private, not for profit, ’think tank’ to influence public policy formulation. The Foundation brought together, for the first time, leading Indian economists and policymakers to present An Agenda for Economic Reforms in India. The idea was to help develop a consensus in favour of economic reforms. You May Also Like Highly Educated Women No Longer Have Fewer Kids – Analysis December 14, 2015 VoxEU.org 0 Ethics: The Foundation Of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) – OpEd April 17, 2016 Jorge Emilio Sierra Montoya 0 India: Black Money Eradication Under PM Modi’s Administration – Analysis January 2, 2017 Modern Diplomacy 3 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Analysis Social Issues  On Globalization, Cultural Diversity And Education – Analysis April 16, 2017 Dr. Mohamed Chtatou 0 It goes without saying that one of the major all-encompassing events of the last part of the second millennium was 1 Entertainment  Sri Lankan Filmmaker Prasanna Expresses Optimism For Creative Journey April 16, 2017 Nava Thakuria 0 1 Analysis Social Issues  Argentina: The Assault On Public Education – Analysis April 16, 2017 COHA 0 1 World News  Iran: More Than 1,600 File To Run For President April 16, 2017 RFE RL 0 1 Analysis Business  Open Up Multi-Brand Retailing Too To Help Farmers And Consumers – Analysis April 16, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 Health  US Navy Bans Vaping On Ships, Subs, Aircraft April 16, 2017 Eurasia Review 0 1 Opinion  Bangladesh Prime Minister’s Delhi Visit – OpEd April 16, 2017 IDSA 0 1 Analysis  Can Kim Jong-Un Be Tamed? – Analysis April 16, 2017 IDSA 0 1 Analysis  Afghanistan: US Drops ‘Mother Of All Bombs’ Potentially Changing Kabul’s Regional Role – Analysis April 16, 2017 SAAG 0 1 Opinion  Syria After US Strike: What Should Come Next – OpEd April 16, 2017 International Crisis Group 0 Recent Comments Az on Playing Hardball: Confronting Chinese Hegemonic Designs In South Asia – OpEd Az on The Challenge Of Getting Russia Right – Analysis Walter DuBlanica on The Challenge Of Getting Russia Right – Analysis okach daniel on South Sudan: New Spate Of Ethnic Killings, Says HRW mihreteab kiflai on Justice Deferred: 15 Year Anniversary Of Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission Verdict – OpEd Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Professor sues Wal-Mart over 'clean toilets' description - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing NBA College Football NFL MLB Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Professor sues Wal-Mart over 'clean toilets' description 2017-04-16T00:04:06Z2017-04-16T00:04:06Z BOZEMAN, Mont. (AP) - A Montana State University professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel after he says an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation on a fishing license as a "toilet cleaner." Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens told The Associated Press: "To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing. We've not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court." According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Wal-Mart employee identification of his employment at MSU. But the Wal-Mart employee entered "clean toilets" into the state database as Kalonde's occupation. The suit contends Wal-Mart exposed Kalonde to "hatred, contempt, ridicule" through the incident. ___ Information from: Bozeman Daily Chronicle, http://www.bozemandailychronicle.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:55:19 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:55:19 GMT Thousands of sign-waving, chanting protesters have marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns.More >> Thousands of sign-waving, chanting protesters have marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns.More >> Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player's kid killed Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player's kid killed Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:52:46 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-04-16 06:54:49 GMT Condolences are pouring in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his 3-year-old daughter with a truck, killing her.More >> Condolences are pouring in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his 3-year-old daughter with a truck, killing her.More >> DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:50 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:50 GMT Officials say DNA evidence has led to the arrest of the man who they say killed a New York woman who was jogging near mother's Massachusetts home last summer.More >> Officials say DNA evidence has led to the arrest of the man who they say killed a New York woman who was jogging near mother's Massachusetts home last summer.More >> Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:46 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:46 GMT Arkansas' already compromised plan to put eight men to death over 11 days is in limbo.More >> Arkansas' already compromised plan to put eight men to death over 11 days is in limbo.More >> Anti-Trump sentiment, ad blitz motivate Georgia voters Anti-Trump sentiment, ad blitz motivate Georgia voters Posted: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:37 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 16 2017 1:36 AM EDT2017-04-16 05:36:37 GMT Republicans in Georgia's conservative 6th district don't agree which of their party's 11 candidates should represent the area in Congress.More >> Republicans in Georgia's conservative 6th district don't agree which of their party's 11 candidates should represent the area in Congress.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> At first, Vegas tourist thought fire part of Bellagio show At first, Vegas tourist thought fire part of Bellagio show A tourist wondered at first if the flames he saw whipping across the roof of a Bellagio resort shopping complex were part of the iconic dancing fountain show on the Las Vegas Strip More >> A tourist wondered at first if the flames he saw whipping across the roof of a Bellagio resort shopping complex were part of the iconic dancing fountain show on the Las Vegas StripMore >> Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants The biggest non-nuclear bomb ever dropped in combat by the U.S. military killed 36 militants in eastern Afghanistan, officials say, with villagers in the remote, mountainous area describing being terrified by the "earsplitting blast." More >> The biggest non-nuclear bomb ever dropped in combat by the U.S. military killed 36 militants in eastern Afghanistan, officials say, with villagers in the remote, mountainous area describing being terrified by the "earsplitting blast."More >> Afghanistan: Massive US bomb kills 36 Islamic State fighters Afghanistan: Massive US bomb kills 36 Islamic State fighters Afghan officials say 36 fighters with the Islamic State group were killed in a U.S. attack on a tunnel complex in a remote eastern part of the country, near the Pakistan border More >> Afghan officials say 36 fighters with the Islamic State group were killed in a U.S. attack on a tunnel complex in a remote eastern part of the country, near the Pakistan borderMore >> US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used US hit IS with largest non-nuclear bomb ever used U.S. forces in Afghanistan struck an Islamic State tunnel complex in Afghanistan with "the mother of all bombs," the largest non-nuclear weapon every used in combat by the U.S. military More >> U.S. forces in Afghanistan struck an Islamic State tunnel complex in Afghanistan with "the mother of all bombs," the largest non-nuclear weapon every used in combat by the U.S. militaryMore >> Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals may reflect experience Is this a new Trump? Abrupt reversals may reflect experience President Donald Trump is abruptly reversing himself on key issues More >> President Donald Trump is abruptly reversing himself on key issuesMore >> Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teeth More >> A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teethMore >> Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth Lawyer says man dragged off plane has concussion, lost teeth A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teeth More >> A lawyer for a passenger dragged from a United Express flight says the man suffered a "significant" concussion and broken nose, and he lost two front teethMore >> Trump says US-Russia relations may be at "all-time low" Trump says US-Russia relations may be at "all-time low" President Donald Trump said Wednesday that U.S. relations with Russia "may be at an all-time low" as he moved ever further away from his campaign promises to establish better ties with Moscow More >> President Donald Trump said Wednesday that U.S. relations with Russia "may be at an all-time low" as he moved ever further away from his campaign promises to establish better ties with MoscowMore >> Ready, aim, visit: American Revolution Museum at attention Ready, aim, visit: American Revolution Museum at attention With muskets polished, flags aloft and one very commanding tent in place, Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution is at the ready More >> With muskets polished, flags aloft and one very commanding tent in place, Philadelphia's Museum of the American Revolution is at the readyMore >> During border visit, Sessions outlines immigration plan During border visit, Sessions outlines immigration plan Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured the U.S.-Mexico border and unveiled what he described as a new get-tough approach to immigration prosecutions under President Donald Trump More >> Attorney General Jeff Sessions toured the U.S.-Mexico border and unveiled what he described as a new get-tough approach to immigration prosecutions under President Donald TrumpMore >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Who is on DoD's chopping block?•Post-hiring freeze plan?•VA responds to watchdog report Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Professor sues Wal-Mart over… Professor sues Wal-Mart over ‘clean toilets’ description By master and The Associated Press April 15, 2017 7:52 pm < a min read Share BOZEMAN, Mont. (AP) — A Montana State University professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel after he says an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation on a fishing license as a “toilet cleaner.” Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. Wal-Mart spokesman Ragan Dickens told The Associated Press: “To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing. We’ve not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court.” White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Advertisement According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Wal-Mart employee identification of his employment at MSU. But the Wal-Mart employee entered “clean toilets” into the state database as Kalonde’s occupation. The suit contends Wal-Mart exposed Kalonde to “hatred, contempt, ridicule” through the incident. ___ Information from: Bozeman Daily Chronicle, http://www.bozemandailychronicle.com Topics: All News Business News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Professor sues Wal-Mart over… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1865: Lincoln shot at Ford’s Theater Fed Photo of the Day CBP finds fake IED in luggage Top Stories New OMB performance mgmt. guidance comes down too harshly on poor performers, experts say Top Story It’s uncertain who will be on the DoD chopping block with new government reforms Defense News Vice Chairman of Joint Chiefs Selva tells Congress off over CR issues Defense News ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Workforce VA promises rapid solutions to problems exposed by ‘extremely disturbing’ IG report Agency Oversight THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 13, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7042 -0.0178 1.73% L 2020 25.0919 -0.0534 2.91% L 2030 27.7499 -0.0978 4.13% L 2040 29.7740 -0.1252 4.73% L 2050 17.0171 -0.0829 5.28% G Fund 15.2891 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7770 0.0560 0.93% C Fund 32.3062 -0.2211 6.07% S Fund 41.9509 -0.3748 4.57% I Fund 26.2532 -0.0802 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Why is Walmart buying up brands? 1.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Bonobos, by Walmart. Image: lisa lake/Getty Images for Bonobos By Emma Hinchliffe2017-04-15 21:36:27 UTC Walmart is buying up a lot of brands that don't really feel like Walmart.  The big box store is reportedly about to close a deal to buy Bonobos, the men's e-commerce brand. Recode reported news of the impending acquisition on Friday. Exactly how much Bonobos will go for hasn't been confirmed yet.  The deal would come one month after Walmart bought ModCloth, the quirky women's online retailer. That acquisition came with a host of controversy, since ModCloth was once seen in stark opposition to Walmart — as a small, size-inclusive brand that supported independent designers. Walmart didn't immediately respond to a request for comment from Mashable.  SEE ALSO: Alibaba is making moves in the world's fastest-growing e-commerce market Bonobos was founded in 2007, as a place to buy dress pants for athletic men. Now, the brand sells many other kinds of men's clothing, and was valued at $300 million in 2014.  The acquisition spree is the work of Marc Lore, the president and CEO of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce division. Lore founded Jet.com, which was basically the only real U.S. competitor to Amazon. Walmart bought Jet.com and poached Lore in August.  Lore has been building up Walmart's e-commerce operation to turn the retailer into a major player against Amazon. Walmart introduced free shipping comparable to what Amazon offers customers who aren't Prime members and just last week added discounts for in-store pickup of online orders — something Amazon doesn't really have the physical presence to do.  SEE ALSO: YouTube is bleeding major advertisers because of its hateful videos Along with making plays against Amazon, Walmart will now own specialized brands whose customers probably don't shop too often at regular Walmart.  So if you want to buy something from ModCloth or Bonobos, get ready to support Walmart. Or try Amazon.  WATCH: This insane Lexus covered in 41,999 LED bulbs is basically a drivable billboard Topics: bonobos, Business, modcloth, Wal-Mart About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Which name prevails in this showdown of leading retail stocks? Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Apr 14, 2017 at 6:40PM The showdown between Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is a veritable clash of retail titans. A perennial leader among the Fortune 500, Wal-Mart consistently generates the most revenue on planet Earth -- among publicly traded companies, at least. In fact, Wal-Mart's $482 billion in sales last year more than doubles the second-largest corporate giant on the list, ExxonMobil. However, Amazon has combined Wal-Mart's appetite for low prices with its uniquely innovative ability to become the retail giant for the digital age. So, which is the better stock to own today: Amazon or Wal-Mart? In this article, both Amazon and Wal-Mart will go through a three-part analysis to get a better sense of which appears to be the better buy today. Financial fortitude Each with large finance departments, investors can safely assume that Amazon's and Wal-Mart's current capital structures are in place for a reason. To frame this discussions, here's a cursory snapshot into several of the most important liquidity and solvency metrics for each company. Company Cash & Investments Debt Cash From Operations Current Ratio Amazon $25.9 billion $7.7 billion $16.4 billion 1.0 Wal-Mart $6.8 billion $43.7 billion  $31.5 billion 0.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance. Figures from Amazon's and Wal-Mart's FY 2016 10-K. Cash from Ops reflects the last 12 months reported. Amazon's $18.2 billion positive net-cash balance clearly jumps out as markedly better than Wal-Mart's negative $36.9 billion in net debt. However, this isn't nearly as glaring an impediment as it might first appear thanks to Wal-Mart's gargantuan operating cash flow, which is roughly twice that of Amazon's. This narrows the difference between the two companies in my eyes, and the difference between their current ratio is negligible enough to not really factor into the discussion. More importantly, both companies are well managed enough to the point they should be able to meet any and all financial obligations while also tapping credit markets to finance any interesting opportunities. That being said, Amazon's slightly more conservative financial structure earns it a win in this analysis of financial strength. Winner: Amazon (slightly) Durable competitive advantages Though of course important differences exist between the two, Wal-Mart and Amazon are more similar to one another than they are different today. Wal-Mart is the world's largest retailer -- total sales topped $481 billion last year -- and its entire business revolves around selling all manner of goods to consumers worldwide. Amazon's business mix is only slightly more eclectic. Its AWS reporting segment accounted for about $12.2 billion (9%) of overall sales. The remaining $123 billion (91%) of Amazon's total sales largely reflect its e-commerce operations, although sales of quasi-retail services like its Prime free shipping and online streaming platform are included in that number. The core difference between the two is the method of distribution. Wal-Mart is largely reliant on its brick-and-mortar network of over 11,695 stores, whereas Amazon's sales occur entirely online. Of the two, Amazon is far better aligned with the long-term trends taking place within the retail sector, and Wal-Mart finds itself moving as quickly as possible to catch up with Amazon in this regard. Image source: Getty Images. Wal-Mart remains far behind Amazon, though, in developing its e-commerce capabilities. Case in point: Amazon captured 38% of U.S. e-commerce sales during the 2016 holiday season, compared to just 2.6% for Wal-Mart, according to researcher Slice Intelligence. Wal-Mart has intensified its efforts to narrow the gap with Amazon, mostly notably through its acquisition of e-commerce start-up Jet.com last year. The steep $3.3 billion price was largely seen as an "acqu-hire" of Jet's CEO Marc Lore, one of the few to successfully compete head-to-head against Amazon with diapers.com, which Amazon eventually acquired in 2011 after trying to kill the company in a bare-knuckled price war. All of this is to say that Amazon is currently beating Wal-Mart in the all-important e-commerce space. However, Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious and paid-up for the talent required to bring its own sales model into the 21st century. Given Wal-Mart's unmatched leverage with suppliers, the most likely outcome of the e-commerce arms race is that Amazon and Wal-Mart will end this generational growth story roughly as equals. Winner: Tie Valuation Turning to their valuations, the multiples perfectly capture the difference in investor sentiment between Amazon and Wal-Mart. Here's a quick snapshot of three of the most commonly used valuation metrics for Amazon and Wal-Mart. Company P/E Forward P/E EV/EBITDA Amazon 182.6 71.7 36.2 Wal-Mart 16.6 16.0 7.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance.  Clearly, Amazon is likely to grow far faster than Wal-Mart in the coming years. However, with Wal-Mart's recent moves to narrow the talent gap between itself and Amazon -- the precursor to narrowing the actual business gap -- Wal-Mart's shares look far more compelling from a purely dollars-and-cents perspective. This one is pretty straightforward, although I like both companies' shares, for the record. Winner: Wal-Mart And the winner is...Amazon by a nose All of this is to say that both Wal-Mart and Amazon are dominant, world-class companies. By way of metaphor, Amazon is the barbarian at the gate, storming the gates of an industry that Wal-Mart has dominated without equal for years. And even though Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious about e-commerce as well, Amazon's incredible ability to develop unique solutions to capture an ever greater share of the e-commerce world gives it a slight edge over Wal-Mart. Different stocks for companies at different stages of their corporate lifecycles, I like Amazon shares a bit more in this showdown of e-commerce titans. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 6:40PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.15 down $0.29 (-0.39%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $884.40 down $-11.83 (-1.32%) Read More Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa 2 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever How Much Money Would I Have If I Had Invested at Amazon.com's IPO? Who Will Win This $119 Billion E-Commerce War? Amazon Is About to End the Competition's Only Advantage Over Alexa Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 68° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 68° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping Pause 1:23 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.16 1:32 World-renowned Illusionist Rick Thomas set to bring magic and fun to the Alabama Theatre 0:46 Jim McMahon plays at Monday After the Masters 2:04 Group protests President Donald Trump in Myrtle Beach 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 0:56 North Myrtle Beach hosts 35th annual Easter Egg Hunt 1:19 A new pod of Pelicans swoops in to Myrtle Beach for the 2017 season 2:55 Ted Ginn on his breakout season 2:14 Local woman with Down syndrome sings anthem before Pelicans game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Michael Eugene “Mike” Webb was living in his truck with stage four lung cancer when a group of people from the Salvation Army and others came together to help him qualify for his Veterans Affairs benefits and get into the Biloxi VA hospice to spend his la John Fitzhugh Sun Herald A US flag is presented to Becky and Mark Jenner during the funeral for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. The Jenners helped Webb get off the streets and qualify for his VA benefits. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Members of the Patriot Guard Riders salute during the funeral for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Becky and Mark Jenner and James Edward Bates pray together during the funeral for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. Bates and the Jenners helped Webb get off the street and qualify for his VA benefits. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Salvation Army volunteer Leo Suarez pauses at the casket after the funeral for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. Webb was a big University of North Carolina basketball fan. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Marine veteran Freddie Johnston of Ocean Springs salutes Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb’s casket after his funeral at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. Webb was a Navy veteran who served in the Vietnam war. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Members of the Patriot Guard Riders carry the casket of Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb during his funeral at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Maj. Michael Sturdivant delivers the eulogy for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com Jodie Picciano-Swanson, homeless veteran program manager for the Biloxi Veterans Affairs, center, listens to the eulogy for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com April Morton, left, and Leo Suarez of the Salvation Army listen to the eulogy for Michael Eugene ‘Mike’ Webb at the Biloxi National Cemetery on Friday, April 14, 2017. Morgan was with Webb when he died last month. John Fitzhugh jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com 1 of 10 National April 15, 2017 12:02 PM They saved a veteran from dying in his truck. But they all felt blessed by him. By Anita Lee calee@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BILOXI, MISS. We’ve all heard the horror stories about veterans suffering, and even dying, while they wait for medical attention. This isn’t one of those. This is a story about a community and three caring employees at Veterans Affairs in Biloxi who made sure a homeless Vietnam veteran did not die in his pickup truck in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Michael Eugene “Mike” Webb worked in construction until he couldn’t. At age 65, the North Carolina veteran of the U.S. Navy was alone in the world, having lost both parents decades ago. He got too sick to work while he was living in Tennessee. A man who had always prided himself on being self sufficient, he lost his apartment in August. Webb moved into his two-door Chevrolet truck. When the weather got cold, he drove his truck to Gulfport. He was living in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart Supercenter on U.S. 49. In December, Webb was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer. The disease had invaded his liver, kidneys and bones. He was being treated through Medicare at Memorial Hospital at Gulfport. Webb had never used his veterans benefits and no longer had the military-discharge card used to establish eligibility. He had a hard time breathing, but he could not be prescribed oxygen or chemotherapy because he did not have a place to live. He wandered into the Salvation Army in Gulfport a few months ago, receptionist April Morton said. “He said, ‘I hate to ask, but can I get a shower?’ ” she said. “He was so, so sick. He was struggling to breathe.” Homeless network steps in Morton and volunteer Leo Suarez befriended Webb, who was upbeat on good days. Suarez and Webb were both North Carolina Tar Heels basketball fans. The first time Suarez met Webb, he was wearing a Tar Heels cap and T-shirt. “He told me, ‘This is going to be our year,’” Suarez said. “‘We are going to make it to the championship. We are going to win!’” A friend told James Edward Bates about Webb. Bates, a professional photographer who used to work at the Sun Herald, has since his college days been ministering to the homeless. Bates called Webb on his flip phone and confirmed he was living in the Wal-Mart parking lot. He posted about Webb’s plight on the Facebook page he administers, Operation Homeless Hope, where he networks with like-minded people to help those in need. Friends donated money so Webb could rent a hotel room by the week. First Baptist Church in Gulfport picked up a third week. One night, Bates was at a party with Becky Montgomery Jenner, a retired corporate executive and former United Way director. Bates said Webb had been unable to verify his military service to qualify for benefits. Jenner said she would take Webb to the VA. She did, on a Tuesday. She said she encountered one unhelpful employee working in customer service. Webb, who couldn’t walk more than 10 feet without losing his breath, sat in a wheelchair, weighing only 93 pounds. The customer service representative said Webb would have to fill out paperwork and mail it in to get his discharge papers, known as DD 214s. Jenner told the man Webb didn’t have weeks to wait, but he insisted there was nothing he could do. And then, a woman passed them in the hall. She asked if they needed help. The woman, nursing assistant Evelyn Gardner, took Jenner and Webb to meet a second lady, eligibility clerk Barbara Carley. Jenner said Carley must have spent an hour on the phone trying to find Webb’s discharge papers. When that didn’t work, Carley sent off a fax marked “medical urgency,” Jenner said. The paperwork arrived two days later. It looked as if Webb would be able to get into hospice at the VA. But first, the VA said, he needed a medical exam. Because an appointment would take weeks to arrange, Jenner was directed to the emergency room. “The emergency room doctor was a toad,” she said. “He said, ‘What do you want me to do?’ I said, ‘Do whatever you need to do so he can start getting help.’ He asked, ‘Who told you to come here?’ This guy was jerk personified.” Room with a view A third VA employee worked with Webb. Jodie Picciano-Swanson, homeless veteran program manager, told Jenner what she and Webb would need to do to get his patient records from Memorial. The doctor sent the records after the weekend. Jenner and her husband, Mark, moved Webb to hospice on a Wednesday. He had a room with a view of Back Bay. Bates said he can’t stress enough the excellent care the hospice staff provided Webb, who moved in with two bags of groceries and a duffel bag. His clothes were always clean, but they were ripped and torn. Jenner took him to Wal-Mart, where he bought new jeans and shirts. He had a food-stamp card for groceries, but he didn’t need it anymore. Hospice fed him well. He kept insisting to his friends at the Salvation Army that he wanted to buy groceries for their food pantry. The Jenners took him shopping at Sam’s Club, where they loaded cases of groceries and delivered them to the pantry in Gulfport. April Morton was at the office on 22nd Street when they arrived. “He would always tell me, ‘I want to give back what I received,’” Morton said. She kissed his cheek before he left and told him she would see him later in the week. The VA called her just three days later — Friday, March 31. Webb didn’t have long, she was told. She and Suarez went to hospice, where they found Webb in a recliner in the community room. He could no longer speak, but Morton took his hand and told him he was not alone. They would not leave him. His breathing slowed, then stopped. He left his new clothes and truck to The Salvation Army. ‘Angel among us’ Salvation Army Maj. Gary Sturdivant delivered Webb’s eulogy Friday under the pavilion at the Biloxi National Cemetery on VA grounds. The Patriot Guard Riders stood at attention around the pavilion, each holding an American flag and one with a U.S. Marine Corps flag. The VA had sent out a Facebook message about the funeral for a veteran without family, so a number of people attended to pay their respects. The friends he had made on the Coast were there, too. He lived at the hospice center for two weeks and two days, Jenner said. Webb saw the Tar Heels win a semi-final, but he was gone before the championships. “On that Friday when Michael left this earth,” Sturdivant said, “I believe he went up there and worked out some kind of deal for that team to win the national championship.” Sturdivant also recited a veterans’ motto: “I will always place the mission first. I will never accept defeat. I will never quit.” Webb did not seem to expect anything from anyone. He accepted his fate without complaint; those who knew him these brief few months said. Becky Jenner tried to convince Webb that he was a gift to her. He just said, in his feisty way, “I don’t think so.” In the end, his life was an example to those who surrounded him of the grace compassion bestows. Each one said after the funeral how meeting Webb had blessed them. He believed in God, Sturdivant said, mentioning they often talked under a tree behind one of the VA buildings. “Mike,” Sturdivant said, “could easily have been an angel among us.” Anita Lee: 228-896-2331, @calee99 Related content Homeless veteran was “an angel among us” LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping Pause 1:23 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.16 1:32 World-renowned Illusionist Rick Thomas set to bring magic and fun to the Alabama Theatre 0:46 Jim McMahon plays at Monday After the Masters 2:04 Group protests President Donald Trump in Myrtle Beach 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 0:56 North Myrtle Beach hosts 35th annual Easter Egg Hunt 1:19 A new pod of Pelicans swoops in to Myrtle Beach for the 2017 season 2:55 Ted Ginn on his breakout season 2:14 Local woman with Down syndrome sings anthem before Pelicans game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 a month ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 a month ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 a month ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View More Video National DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts AP News in Brief at 12:04 a.m. EDT Today in History 5-year-old boy dies of head injury in rotating restaurant atop Atlanta hotel A child ate the last breadstick, so the man slapped and slammed him against the wall, police say National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart's Focus on Lower Prices Won't Help It Compete With Amazon There's more to online shopping than finding the lowest price. Consumers want convenience. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Apr 15, 2017 at 11:00AM Back in January, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) made some changes to its e-commerce management team to align its physical store and online store strategies. The company was telegraphing plans to use its physical store locations to improve its online shopping experience and compete with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). Wal-Mart took its first step recently, announcing plans to discount select items customers opt to pick up in stores instead of having them shipped to their homes. Wal-Mart and Amazon have been engaging in a bit of a price war recently, particularly in consumer packaged goods. While Amazon is fine losing money on a few items to improve its overall customer value, Wal-Mart has taken to putting pressure on suppliers to lower prices. Reducing shipping costs by shipping to stores and passing on the savings to customers is a smart way to compete with Amazon on price. But it's unclear if it will give Wal-Mart a real edge over the e-commerce giant. Image source: Wal-Mart The Jet.com playbook Wal-Mart purchased Jet.com last year and put its CEO Marc Lore in charge of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division. In Lore's corporate bio, he says Jet.com innovated around pricing "by optimizing the underlying economics of online shopping and unbundling the embedded retail costs that drive up price." Lore is extending that same philosophy to Walmart.com. With a huge fleet of trucks making shipments to Wal-Mart's 4,672 U.S. stores around the clock, the incremental cost of shipping a few extra items to stores is minimal. As a result, online orders on those items have effectively no shipping costs. And shipping is one of the biggest costs of online commerce. Last year, Amazon spent over $16 billion on shipping customer orders around the world. It actually loses money on shipping, which is partially due to Amazon Prime memberships and partially due to its free shipping option on order over $35. Those losses are often made up for in Amazon's product pricing. Reducing shipping costs by taking advantage of pre-existing infrastructure is something for which Wal-Mart is particularly well positioned. It's also something Amazon.com can't compete with. However, Amazon may go ahead and match Wal-Mart's discounted prices anyway and just take a loss. But price isn't everything While price can be deciding factor for many shoppers -- especially with the ease of online price comparison -- it's not the only thing driving buying decisions. A big part (if not the main part) of what made Amazon into the online retail giant it is today is its customer-centric focus. Amazon does everything it can to make its customers happy. If you have to drive to a store in a couple days to pick up the order you just made online, that's not a great customer experience. To be sure, there are many shoppers that will sacrifice the time to save a few bucks, but the convenience of shipping to the door may be worth paying more for. That's why 70 million or so people pay Amazon around $99 a year for Prime: convenience. Wal-Mart is working on the convenience of its e-commerce efforts, too. It recently started offering free two-day shipping on 2 million products from its website. Still, that pales in comparison to the 50 million Prime-eligible items on Amazon. Discounts won't attract new customers Another important aspect of Wal-Mart's strategy is that it's unlikely to attract customers away from Amazon. As mentioned, Amazon shoppers are loyal because of the excellent customer experience, not because of price. In fact, products on Amazon are often more expensive than at competing retailers. Typical Wal-Mart shoppers are much more price conscious. Perhaps that's the point, though. If Wal-Mart shoppers are going to be making a trip to the store anyway, they might as well get a discount on their online orders. (Discount eligible items are not regularly sold in stores.) Then they can pick up everything else when they get their online order. On the flip side, it won't bring very many new customers into Wal-Mart stores. While Wal-Mart's discount plan is creative and presents good value to customers that already regularly shop at Wal-Mart stores, it's unlikely to steal away customers from Amazon. Wal-Mart still needs to work on improving the convenience of its online store in order to see significant growth in sales. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info Apr 15, 2017 at 11:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $884.40 down $-11.83 (-1.32%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.15 down $0.29 (-0.39%) Read More The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About 3 Lessons From Warren Buffett's Decision to Dump Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Has a Unique Way to Cut Down on Shoplifting Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart's Focus on Lower Prices Won't Help It Compete With Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT
Home Home Highlighted Across the Missouri... Marciarille WCEG Blum Center NBER Biography Delicious Facebook Facebook Google Plus Twitter Grasping Reality with All Tentacles: bradford-delong.com: « For the Weekend...: Who Am I? | Main | The Barrington Moore Problematic and Its Discontents: Weekend Reading/Hoisted from 2010 » Shaken and Stirred: Weekend Reading: Hoisted from the Archives: Stephen Cohen and Brad DeLong (2005) Stephen Cohen and Brad DeLong (2005): Shaken and Stirred https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2005/01/shaken-and-stirred/303666/: The United States is about to experience economic upheaval on a scale unseen for generations. Will social harmony be a casualty? It has become conventional wisdom that class politics has no legs in the United States today—and for good reason. Regardless of actual circumstance, an overwhelming majority of Americans view themselves as middle-class. Very few have any bone to pick with the rich, perhaps because most believe they will become rich—or at least richer—someday. To be sure, the issues of jobs and wages inevitably make their way into our political campaigns—to a greater or lesser extent depending on where we are in the business cycle. But they seldom divide us as much as simply circle in and out of our political life. Lately anxiety about the economy has been palpable, but for the most part it has not evolved into anger or found specific scapegoats. Economic insecurity could well divide us in the future, however. We are on the cusp of an economic era whose challenges will be unfamiliar to most Americans of working age. It is likely to erode the psychological pillars on which class unity has rested in this country: personal economic stability for the middle class, and the promise of at least some upward mobility for most Americans. The most likely division—besides that between the truly rich and the truly poor—will be between those in the middle class who are able (through agility or luck) to manage economic risk and those who find themselves helpless before the economic pressures of a new age. Once upon a time, or so it is said, America was a place with lots of upward but little downward mobility. In the really old, pre—Civil War days you could start out splitting rails, head west, make a success of yourself on the frontier, and perhaps even wind up as president. In the relatively recent, post—World War II expansion you could do well by landing a blue-collar job in a unionized manufacturing industry or a white-collar job at a large, stable American corporation such as IBM, AT&T, or General Electric—which offered job security, high salaries, and long, steady career ladders. There was always as much mythology as truth to this image of America. Lighting out for the Territory was expensive. Covered wagons did not come cheap. More generally, although many terms could be used to describe economic life in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, "stable" and "secure" are not among them. But there was considerable truth to the image as well, particularly after World War II. Regardless of education level or family background, many Americans who valued stability and security really did have the chance to grasp it; jobs with "a future"—that is, with steadily rising wages and solid retirement plans—were plentiful. And even for many of those who were fired, the economic risks were fairly low: the unemployment rate for married men during the 1960s averaged 2.7 percent, and finding a new job was a relatively simple matter. During the first decades following World War II, to the astonishment of interviewing sociologists, a majority of Americans began to define themselves as middle-class. This immediate post—World War II period stands as a reference point in our popular economic history—a gold standard for rapid growth and shared prosperity, albeit among the limited community of white males. It lingers in our national memory, and remains an important source of confidence in the unity of our culture and the awesome power of our economy. But although it engendered our current economic expectations, our sense of "the way things ought to be," in reality the postwar era was probably an aberration, a confluence of events never before seen in our history and unlikely to be seen again. Most obviously, it was an era defined by the isolation of America's continental market from the devastation of World War II. In the early postwar decades foreign competition exerted virtually no pressure on our economy. (In 1965, for example, imports of automobiles and auto parts came to less than $1 billion—about a fortieth of what they are today, after adjusting for inflation.) At the same time, domestic manufacturers benefited from an enormous pent-up demand for mass-produced goods: cars, washing machines, commercial aircraft, refrigerators, lawn mowers, television sets, and so on. New highways gave rise to new suburbs, and to a resulting construction boom. These economic conditions, along with successful federal efforts to maintain full employment through loose monetary policy, created an environment exceptionally friendly to workers. With little foreign competition on the one hand and a very tight labor market on the other, American firms were willing and able to offer workers strong incentives—such as pensions and first-rate health insurance—in order to attract and retain them. (Generous tax breaks from the federal government encouraged the roll-out of these benefits.) Meanwhile, the Great Depression had given rise to a system of government programs and policies that came into full force and maturity only after World War II—among them Social Security, unemployment insurance, welfare, and high marginal tax rates. The rise of communism abroad could only have strengthened commitment to workers' welfare, as a means of demonstrating that the American capitalist system offered a humane alternative. Thus favorable macroeconomic circumstances, the absence of foreign competition, and a historically unique political dynamic all combined to allow postwar America many of the benefits of social democracy without the costs. The economy did not stagger under the weight of ample benefits and high taxes. Americans—at least white male Americans—did not have to worry about tradeoffs between security and opportunity, because the United States offered both. And it seemed that this was the natural order of things. In addition, new technologies and consumption patterns were shifting the U.S. economy's center of gravity from skilled, unionized, mass-production industry—which fashions products from expensive materials and capital-intensive machinery—to services and retailing, where barriers to the entry of competitors are lower, labor costs more significant, and competitive advantage more reliant on squeezing those labor costs. The nation's largest private-sector employer today, of course, is not General Motors or Ford but Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart is in many ways a fine company, but its strategic goals and constraints are quite different from those of the manufacturers of the 1960s. Between them the automakers and the UAW offered workers a fairly robust "social contract": pensions, good health care, high wages, long-term job security. Wal-Mart makes no such offer. By the early 1990s the nature of unemployment had changed as well. As Erica Groshen and Simon Potter, of the New York Federal Reserve, point out, temporary layoffs have become less common. Instead companies under constant competitive pressure are more frequently making layoffs permanent—using advances in technology to eliminate some types of jobs altogether. At the same time, the rising cost of health care and the falling rate of health insurance have left families much more economically vulnerable in the event of a serious accident or illness. Many Americans today are one lost job and one medical emergency away from bankruptcy. We do not want to overstate how bad things are. Not even white males would be better off in the economy of the 1960s, when median real household incomes were only about two thirds of what they are today, and much of the medical care that we now fear we cannot afford was unavailable at any price. In a sense we've merely returned to a more natural economic state, in which jobs are not always secure and progress is not always assured. And we've done so while improving the opportunities and lifestyles available to most Americans. So far, in other words, we've adapted reasonably well to increased risk and reduced security. But we're not at the end of economic history—and the history that will be made in the coming decades is likely to be substantially more turbulent than what we've seen in recent years. Although the impact of globalization on American jobs has been overhyped in the past, its impact in the future will be hard to exaggerate. Last spring saw a short political boomlet of worry over the offshoring of white-collar jobs to India, China, and elsewhere. In the next few years these issues will be raised at the political level once again—and loudly. The basic storyline is simple enough: what formerly could not be imported now can be. A compelling parallel can be drawn to the latter half of the nineteenth century, when the steel-hulled oceangoing steamship and the submarine telegraph cable revolutionized international trade. Companies could now use the telegraph to tell their agents in distant ports what goods to ship; moreover, powerful steamships made it practical to export not only precious goods (such as rare porcelains, spices, and tobacco) but also staple agricultural and manufactured products: grain, hides, meat, wool, furniture, and machines (which would eventually include motor vehicles, computers, and consumer electronics). First in a great rush, and then at a somewhat more measured pace, industrial and agricultural workers the world over began to lose their jobs to more-efficient foreign competitors. Illinois could grow wheat more cheaply than Prussia could grow rye. Malaysia could grow rubber more cheaply than Brazil. Of course, displaced workers could generally find new jobs, sometimes better ones. And consumers benefited greatly from lower prices. But that did little to dim the spectacle of immediate dislocation. The expansion of international trade ushered in a century-long storm—though many Americans (perhaps owing to the anomalous calm following World War II) seem to remember only the recent gusts that have buffeted our heavy industries. The transformation taking place today will have just as great an effect on the world economy. The transoceanic fiber-optic cable, the communications satellite, and the Internet are making much white-collar service work as tradable as anything else. Broadband cables and satellites can connect India or China or Bulgaria to the United States instantly, seamlessly—and almost without cost. A huge new swath of American jobs is beginning to become vulnerable to foreign competition. When the offshoring of services truly hits (and it will stretch out over several decades), it is likely to deliver a much greater shock to the U.S. economy than the offshoring of manufacturing did. There are several reasons for this. First, in the 1970s Americans' incomes exceeded those of the Japanese by a ratio of about two to one. The ratio of American to Indian incomes today is more than ten to one. Economists will point out that the gains from trade will thereby be that much greater for the U.S. economy as a whole—and they'll be right. Indeed, more and greater openness will expand opportunities and raise incomes for some Americans, producing many highly visible winners. At the same time, the potential pay cuts for workers who lose out in rich countries will also be that much greater. Second, the coming global trade in services will potentially affect a much larger proportion of the U.S. labor force. Even at its height manufacturing constituted only 28 percent of all non-farm employment, and large sectors of manufacturing (food processing, for example) are closely tied to sources of supply and thus immovable. Service jobs constitute 83 percent of non-farm employment in the U.S. economy today, and every job that is (or could be) defined largely by the use of computers and telephones will be vulnerable. Third, the impact of foreign competition will be borne much more directly by American workers than by their employers. In the 1970s and 1980s foreign imports threatened U.S. companies and workers equally. The CEOs at GM and Ford were on the same "side" as the men and women who worked on the factory floor. The coming wave of economic dislocation will look very different: it will be something that American CEOs do to their own workers. Not that they'll necessarily have much choice; offshoring will in many cases be necessary if American businesses are to remain competitive. Remember H. Ross Perot's "giant sucking sound"? In the early 1990s no one spoke out more strongly against the prospect of job loss caused by foreign competition. Yet on February 7 of last year the Times of India reported that Perot Systems was going to double its employment in Asia from 3,500 to 7,000—nearly half its total worldwide employment. If the economic logic of foreign outsourcing is so overwhelming that Ross Perot can't resist it, what American CEO will be able to? None of this is to say that we face a future of permanent widespread unemployment. It is a truth universally acknowledged (except in campaign seasons) that the rate of employment in the United States is set not by levels of imports and exports but, primarily, by whether the Federal Reserve's monetary policy manages to settle aggregate demand in that sweet spot where neither unemployment nor inflation is too high. Moreover, during the course of any single year or business cycle the effects of globalization on the U.S. labor market are small. Forrester Research has estimated that by 2018 some 3.3 million jobs in business processes are likely to go offshore. That's a little more than 18,000 a month—not a huge number in an economy of 140 million jobs. But—and this is a very big "but"—even though imports and offshoring do not determine the number of U.S. jobs over time, they do powerfully influence the long-run level and distribution of real wages. Eventually the offshoring of service jobs will exert a strong downward pressure on wages and benefits in jobs that stay onshore, just as the offshoring of manufacturing jobs did in the 1980s. Essentially, the pool of workers competing for many service jobs will be increased by, say, several million English-speaking college graduates in India, who will work for a tenth to a fifth of a typical American salary. In many cases the jobs in question are held by Americans unaccustomed to layoffs or reduced incomes. Often they are high-paying white-collar jobs. The people who hold them may believe that they are on top because they deserve to be: they are smart and industrious; they worked hard in school while others screwed around; they have been diligent and successful in their careers. These people are likely to become very angry when unexpectedly threatened by substantial downward mobility. How will the country respond when a broad new array of classes and professions are exposed to downward mobility—particularly as others benefit from new opportunities? Will existing class fissures be exacerbated? What new ones might be created? Winners and losers are unlikely to sort cleanly. People of similar background and training may see their fortunes diverge greatly depending on subspecialty, or on the presence or absence of some idiosyncratic ability that is hard to replicate. But one can make a few predictions. First, the new environment is likely to pit those who are most flexible—most able to shift jobs or careers, most able to absorb unexpected blows, best positioned to benefit from unforeseen opportunities—against those who are less so. The contours of such a divide seem predictable: young versus old, generalist versus specialist, people with savings versus those who depend on their next paycheck. A second (and overlapping) split might open between those who are highly educated and possess complex skills and those who are merely well educated and skilled. An MIT education may still be hard to imitate abroad. Can the same be said of a finance degree from a state college? Third, a divide may occur between those—whatever their education or income level—who by disposition can tolerate unexpected income swings across a lifetime and those who abhor uncertainty. The last group is probably large. The dissatisfaction resulting from falling wages is usually greater than the satisfaction resulting from rising wages. People are not wrong to be risk-averse; for middle-class Americans, just as for portfolio managers, life consists largely of trying to manage risk. This, the Yale political scientist Jacob Hacker thinks, is the source of middle-class Americans' unease with the current state of the economy—perhaps the primordial form of a sharper discontent to come. "Voters say the economy isn't getting better because, as far as they're concerned, it's not," Hacker writes. "And perhaps the best explanation for this perception is that Americans are facing rising economic insecurity even as basic economic statistics improve." The median annual household income twenty years ago was about $38,000 in today's dollars. Today it is about $43,000—13 percent higher. Yet, at least in Hacker's analysis, Americans typically feel that increasing risk and rising inequality have hurt them at least as much as increasing income has helped. Yes, if they are middle-class, they have higher real incomes and living standards than their parents; but the incomes are known to be insecure, and the prosperity is felt to be fragile. From one viewpoint, economic risk is the flip side of flexibility, entrepreneurship, and innovation—the very things America does best. In the 1980s, when Americans worried about whether the social organization in Japan's export-manufacturing sector (morning calisthenics, the company song, consensus, lifetime employment, and so on) might offer a better way of doing business, The Atlantic's national correspondent James Fallows answered with a resounding no. What Americans needed, he argued, was to become "more like us" (the title of his book on the subject), not more like them: America's competitive advantage was rooted in disorder, constant change, flexibility, mobility, and entrepreneurial zeal. In 1991 Robert Reich, about to become Bill Clinton's first secretary of labor, looked at the tremendous expansion of manufacturing and other export-related employment elsewhere in the world and came to a similar conclusion. How, he wondered in his book The Work of Nations, could Americans preserve and accelerate economic growth if the market position and efficiency advantages of America's largest firms came under threat? He, too, concluded that we needed to shift our focus away from old-style stable mass-production employment to high-knowledge, high-tech, high-entrepreneurship fields. Workers, he argued, should expect to go back to school to learn new skills for new industries. But embracing change and uncertainty in this way does not come naturally, in the United States or anywhere else, and the pollsters and media-affairs people of the Clinton administration soon told Robert Reich to be quiet: people did not like to hear their government telling them that their jobs were going to vanish. Economists rightly say that the rising wave of trade-driven service globalization will, like the last waves of trade-driven manufacturing globalization, benefit Americans and foreigners alike. At home more will be won than lost. Fears that expanding trade will destroy jobs and disrupt the economy also need to be counterbalanced by the knowledge that reducing trade—or even failing to expand it—would reduce national wealth potential, destroy future jobs, and ultimately disrupt the economy even more. The social problems of a stagnant economy are far greater than those of a dynamic one. But economists too readily dismiss concerns about those who lose out, saying merely that they can be compensated. In practice they seldom are. The United States simply does not make the investments needed to turn economic change into a win-win process—investments in retraining and rebuilding that would transfer some of the gains from the winners to the losers (who've done nothing personally to merit their loss). In the late 1970s and the 1980s little money was spent on Flint and Detroit in particular, and Michigan in general, to cushion the economic impact as Toyotas and Hondas came to America's shores. Producers in Japan and car buyers in Boston and San Francisco pocketed the gains, while producers in the Midwest absorbed the losses. As the Princeton economist and New York Times columnist Paul Krugman puts it, free trade is a salable policy only if accompanied by a well-built social safety net and confidence in full employment. But our safety net is full of holes. Some companies have traditionally provided many of our social services, particularly in the form of health insurance and retirement support. Those companies will not continue to sustain that burden in the future. At the same time, our limited system of government benefits will not be adequate to the changes that we'll face—leaving aside the possibility that it may be weakened or removed completely, as some politicians propose. That system was designed to protect the poor and the aged, and to tide the rest of us over in case of (temporary) job loss. What we need now is far more career-transition assistance for the middle class, and perhaps more government funding and (surely) portability for the benefits—notably health care—that the private sector increasingly fails to provide. America's economy will need flexibility in order to compete, but we can provide this protection without sacrificing our flexibility. Because we are facing an economic transformation that will hit not over the course of a few years but over the course of the next generation, we have time to do what needs to be done. We will need all this time, because the approaching economic shock will be greater in magnitude than anything in recent historical memory. 2005-01-01 Thanks to Louis Johnston for reminding me of this this morning... April 15, 2017 at 08:14 AM in Economics: Growth, Economics: History, Economics: Inequality, Economics: Information, Long Form, Philosophy: Moral, Political Economy, Politics, Streams: (BiWeekly) Honest Broker, Streams: (Weekend) Reading, Streams: Cycle, Streams: Economics, Streams: Equitable Growth, Streams: Highlighted | Permalink | | | Comments Shaken and Stirred: Weekend Reading: Hoisted from the Archives: Stephen Cohen and Brad DeLong (2005) Stephen Cohen and Brad DeLong (2005): Shaken and Stirred https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2005/01/shaken-and-stirred/303666/: The United States is about to experience economic upheaval on a scale unseen for generations. Will social harmony be a casualty? It has become conventional wisdom that class politics has no legs in the United States today—and for good reason. Regardless of actual circumstance, an overwhelming majority of Americans view themselves as middle-class. Very few have any bone to pick with the rich, perhaps because most believe they will become rich—or at least richer—someday. To be sure, the issues of jobs and wages inevitably make their way into our political campaigns—to a greater or lesser extent depending on where we are in the business cycle. But they seldom divide us as much as simply circle in and out of our political life. Lately anxiety about the economy has been palpable, but for the most part it has not evolved into anger or found specific scapegoats. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Fund "Grasping Reality: The Semi-Daily Journal of Economist Brad DeLong" Recently... We Are with Her! Looking Forward to Four Years During Which Most if Not All of America's Potential for Human Progress Is Likely to Be Wasted With each passing day Donald Trump looks more and more like Silvio Berlusconi: bunga-bunga governance, with a number of unlikely and unforeseen disasters and a major drag on the country--except in states where his policies are neutralized. Nevertheless, remember: WE ARE WITH HER! At My Fingertips... HIGHLIGHTED ONLY | THE HONEST BROKER | EQUITABLE GROWTH | RSS FEED | Short Biography | Talks, Presentations, and Events | Edit Posts | Edit Pages | Edit Content | Berkeley Open Access | Subscribe to Grasping Reality's Feed... | Books Worth Reading | Discussions |||| AFFILIATIONS: Equitable Growth - Manifesto | Berkeley - Blum Center<.a> | NBER |||| OTHER STREAMS: Readings and Reviews | DeLong FAQ | The Honest Broker | Ann Marie Marciarille | Across the Wide Missouri... | Liveblogging History | Storify | On Social Media | This.! | Mark Thoma | Paul Krugman | Noah Smith and Steve Randy Waldman | Zeynep Tufekci | Oliver Willis | Marginal Revolution | Cosma Shalizi | Worthwhile Canadian Initiative | Angry Bear | Antonio Fatas | Probably Worth Reading... Definitely Worth Reading... Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 More... "I now know it is a rising, not a setting, sun" --Benjamin Franklin, 1787 Amazon.com Widgets
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter film books music art & design tv & radio stage sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › arts › art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games books home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Photography The Observer ‘It goes into your psyche’: photographing gunshot survivors in the US Inspired by her own terrifying experience, photographer Kathy Shorr set out to document the stories of 101 survivors of US gun violence for her book Shot • See a gallery of more of Kathy Shorr’s portraits from Shot Shyrica Wesley: ‘I didn’t hear a gun go off – my face was just vibrating.’ Click here to see the full image. Photograph: Kathy Shorr Shyrica Wesley: ‘I didn’t hear a gun go off – my face was just vibrating.’ Click here to see the full image. Photograph: Kathy Shorr Photography The Observer ‘It goes into your psyche’: photographing gunshot survivors in the US Inspired by her own terrifying experience, photographer Kathy Shorr set out to document the stories of 101 survivors of US gun violence for her book Shot • See a gallery of more of Kathy Shorr’s portraits from Shot Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Kathryn Bromwich, Flora Carr Saturday 15 April 2017 11.00 EDT Last modified on Sunday 16 April 2017 01.25 EDT One evening in the 1980s, photographer Kathy Shorr was at her home in Greenwich Village, New York, alone with her toddler, when two men dressed as postmen turned up at the door. The intruders forced their way into the house and burgled it, all the while threatening Shorr and her daughter with a gun. What had always been a distant, abstract thought suddenly became a tangible and terrifying reality. “I know what it feels like to have a gun pointed at you and the person closest to you,” Shorr says. “That’s a feeling that you never want to experience again, and you don’t wish on anybody. It’s a complete loss of control over your life, and somebody else taking that control.” Although both were unharmed, the incident left them shaken. “It’s not something I think about all the time, but an experience like that goes into your psyche – you can recall it and still feel it. It’s part of me.” Years later, when she was working as a teacher, Shorr started noticing that her students were wearing laminated photographs to commemorate friends and family who had been killed with guns, turning the victims, she felt, into “folk heroes”. She became interested in the idea of what happened to the people who survived being shot, so at the end of 2013 she embarked on an ambitious two-and-a-half-year project: photographing 101 survivors of gun violence in the place where they were shot. “Lucky” is a word that often comes up in relation to those left alive, but the photos document the injuries, scars and trauma that regularly follow a shooting; one spread of pictures shows those who are now using wheelchairs. Kathy Shorr. Photograph: @katshorr/Twitter I was amazed by how these people had moved on with their lives and got stronger and more empathetic Although initially wary of bringing back painful memories, Shorr found that the people she approached were enthusiastic about speaking to her. By the end of the project, survivors were getting in touch asking to be included; only two of those contacted declined to take part. Going back to be photographed was often the first time the subjects had returned to the scene of the shooting, so Shorr made sure she spoke to them for at least half an hour – one conversation went on for three hours – to establish a rapport and to make sure they were ready. What frequently followed the photo was a sense of release, says Shorr: “I heard from so many people how cathartic it was to go back to the place, take back the space and make it theirs.” One girl says the project “gave [her] a sense of closure”. Many of the subjects have since become Shorr’s friends: “I feel a real bond with them, a connection: they shared probably the most traumatic thing that’s ever happened to them with me. They did it because they wanted to help other people.” In 2013 there were 84,258 nonfatal injuries caused by firearms in the US, affecting people of all ages, ethnicities and backgrounds. The book reflects this, with victims aged from eight to 80 all over the country, ranging from bishops to accountants, professors to sex workers, rock musicians to third graders. The locations, too, are familiar: schools, gyms, churches, shopping centres. “Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would be shot with a gun,” says one survivor in the book, Mariam Paré´. “I had lived my entire life thinking that was the type of thing that happened to other people in other parts of the country, or to people in books or TV. Until, one day, it happened to me.” Behind every photo is a different tragedy: the people who pulled the triggers were spouses, siblings, strangers, policemen. One woman was shot by her ex-husband as she picked up her daughters from nursery school: he shot her 14 times, using two guns. Another woman – a fifth of those photographed are domestic violence survivors – was injured by her abusive boyfriend in a botched murder-suicide plan. A six-year-old boy at a Jewish day camp was shot by a neo-Nazi. But what could have been a bleak, emotionally draining project ended up being a life-affirming one. “I was amazed by how these people had moved on with their lives and got stronger and more empathetic. Every time I left a person I felt in awe of how courageous and determined they were, and I came away from the project feeling the goodness and the strength of the survivors.” Shorr felt it was especially important to include photos of gun owners, army sergeants and National Rifle Association members. “My feeling is that responsible gun owners are the people that can do something to make it harder for people who shouldn’t have guns to get them.” According to a study she references in the book, an estimated 9% of Americans with anger issues have access to a gun. When I ask how the current administration is going to change gun control laws, she lets out a forlorn laugh. “I thought things were bad, but they’ve got progressively worse. Right now, people can’t talk to each other, they can’t see the other side. The book is meant to create a dialogue. We’re never going to come up with a solution that both sides will be totally happy with, but there has got to be compromise about this issue.” Kathy Shorr’s Shot: 101 Survivors of Gun Violence in America (powerHouse Books) is out now; shotproject.org Shyrica Wesley: ‘I don’t see myself as a victim or a survivor – I see myself as an example’ Dallas police sergeant Shyrica Wesley, 38, (pictured above) was in a parking lot at Walmart when her husband shot her in the face before killing himself. She has seven children and remarried eight years ago This year it’ll be 10 years since I was shot. It happened 26 August 2007. I had been going through a separation with my husband. He was very abusive, physically and emotionally. I came here from Louisiana after [Hurricane] Katrina, and I already had four kids when I met him. I didn’t really know anyone. I didn’t really know my options. Once I left him, he started following me. He would show up at my job, anything to have some control over me. It happened on a Sunday. I was going to Walmart to pick up stuff for my kids for school. The store was maybe five minutes from where we lived. He followed me in his car and sped ahead of mine. When I got caught at a red light, he got out of his vehicle and jumped in with me. I pulled into the parking lot. I remember the conversation. He was like, “Is there anything I can do? I can’t lose my wife, I can’t live in this world without my wife.” And I just told him, “No, I’m done. I can’t do it any more.” I was getting ready to get out [of the car] when I received a call that two of my co-workers had died. My husband then started trying to console me. And I said, “No. I want you to leave me alone.” I wiped my face from crying and pulled the latch on the door, and then he shot me. But I didn’t know he’d shot me. I thought he’d punched me because I was used to physical abuse by then and I didn’t hear a gun go off. My face was just vibrating. I continued getting out of the car and stood up and said, “Somebody help me. Lord, help me.” And I remember a lady saying, “Somebody get me a cell phone, she’s been shot.” When she said that, I put my hand up to the right side of my head and my index finger actually went into the hole where he had shot me. And I started panicking. Domestic violence and guns: the hidden American crisis ending women's lives Read more I could see him looking out the back window of his car. He was just looking and looking. By the grace of God, there were some paramedics in Walmart and they saw me collapse on the ground. When I collapsed, my husband thought I had died. He turned around, and the car moved. And the lady with me said, “You have kids in the car.” I said, “No ma’am, I don’t, don’t leave, you’re the one that’s keeping me alert.” The paramedics were trying to get an IV started in my arm, and the woman pulled away and went to the side of the car, as she thought there were kids in there. She told me later that he said, “My wife’s gone, I can’t live in this world without my wife.” He put the gun into his mouth and pulled the trigger. The last words I remember before I blanked out were her saying, “He dead, he dead, he just shot himself!” He shot me at point-blank range in the right side of my temple. It broke the bone behind my eyes, it broke my nose. It created a wave of damage and destruction throughout my entire face. It’s all titanium plating under the right side of my face. Sometimes I feel self-conscious. But I try to look at the positives. I was a detention officer back then. Five months later I took the written test for deputy sheriff and passed. Then I took the physical and passed. And the physical test that we go through at the academy is not easy at all. “I can’t” is not an option for me. My current husband, he’s also a police officer, and a minister. I’ve never had any type of abuse from him. He’s my rock. We had the triplets together, girls, they’re six. And he adopted my other kids. He’s been real supportive. I look at the fact that I’m still here, and think about how I’m gonna make the most of it. I don’t see myself as a victim or a survivor; I see myself as an example. A lot of people lose their self-worth after this, and it’s been the total opposite for me. As told to Flora Carr Liz Hjelmseth: ‘Most people can’t tell there’s anything wrong with me. But inside I’m still tender’ Facebook Twitter Pinterest Liz Hjelmseth: ‘I have never talked to him about it.’ Photograph: Kathy Shorr Liz Hjelmseth, 53, lives in Washington State with her husband and their 14-year-old daughter. She was eight when she was shot by her 16-year-old brother at their family home in Montana The day I was shot, it was Halloween. It was a pretty exciting day – I was going to be able to go trick or treating by myself. I came home and found my brother had been scratched by my cat. He was pretty angry and I put myself between him and the cat. It was hunting season and we had our guns just out in our front porch area. My brother went and got one of them. I think he was trying to scare me – isn’t it sad that I don’t know? He told me he was going to shoot me, then pointed the gun at me. It was a 30-30 rifle, common for hunting large game, elk. A very powerful rifle. I was sitting down, crouching in the corner of the room and the bullet went through my arm, then through my leg. I heard later that the bullet lodged in the wall. That single shot almost blew my leg off. Luckily for me, my sister was home. She took me to our family practice doctor, who bundled me up and put me in the back of his station wagon. His wife drove me 20 miles to the hospital in Bozeman, where the team of doctors saved my life. When I woke up after being unconscious for a week, there was a story established that my brother was playing with a gun and it accidentally went off and I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. No one knew about the fight with the cat. I didn’t tell anybody the truth about what happened. At the time, I was really afraid for my brother and felt protective of him. Maybe that’s a victim thing, I don’t know. I have never talked to him about it. People ask why all the time and I can’t say. Sometimes, I feel that if I start talking to him about it, it would rip too big a hole in our relationship. I don’t know what the aftermath of something like that is, living a lie for that long. When I was around 30, I had a bit of a breakdown and went into therapy. My therapist thought it would be a good idea for me to clear up the misunderstanding and tell my parents the truth. They said they’d felt that maybe it had not been an accident but didn’t push it. It is hard to have uncomfortable conversations. My sciatic nerve was taken out by the bullet, so I don’t have any control over the lower bottom half of my leg. I wear a brace. I had physio for years and I walk very well. People usually can’t tell that there’s anything wrong with me unless I get tired. But inside, I’m still tender. Even today, when I knew I was going to be doing this interview, I cried taking my shower, knowing I’d have to talk about it again. There are lots of activities that I can’t do. Everybody skis here and I can’t do that and I can’t run. These are the two things, oddly enough, that my daughter loves to do. These are things I don’t get to experience with her. She’s on a ski team and I’ve never seen her race, because I just can’t get to the races. I live in fear of getting older and that, at some point, I might not be able to walk. When my daughter was eight, I would just look at her and see how tiny she was, how innocent she was. When she was small, before she went over to anyone’s house, I had a conversation with the parents, to make sure there were no guns in the home that weren’t stored properly. Only once did I have someone say: “We have a handgun next to our bed” and I said: “Well, I’m sorry but my daughter can’t play with your child.” My husband hunts and owns guns, but we store them properly in locked safes. In my opinion, that would have prevented my getting shot, if my parents had had proper gun storage. It wasn’t even a consideration, growing up, but now people know. I do work contacting people about getting safe gun legislation, and child access prevention legislation. But it’s not really going anywhere. It’s a crazy place and time we’re living in right now. I did get to hold the gun that shot me. My sister owns it now and last time I visited, her husband asked me if I wanted to hold it and I did. I’d never held a gun before. I was struck by how heavy it was. To pick something up like that – it’s a very determined effort. Kathy’s photograph captured something that’s still a little tender for me. You get over it, you move on and I have a wonderful life – but there are some raw edges. And sometimes they catch. FC James Armstrong: ‘The last thing I remember my friend saying as he lay there was, ‘I don’t want to die’ Facebook Twitter Pinterest James Armstrong on the street where he lost his leg and his friend in a gun attack. Photograph: Kathy Shorr James Armstrong, 28, lives in Bozeman, Montana. He was shot four years ago while leaving a house party. He lost a leg. His friend, who was also shot that night, died. I find Kathy’s photo of me hard to look at. It was taken on the spot where I was shot and it’s a reminder of how much my life changed there that night. In the photo, my prosthetic leg is in my hand. I was shot at 4.30am after a friend’s birthday party. That night, we’d gone out, we had a good time, we all had some drinks. Then we came back to a friend’s house. It was when a group of us were leaving that someone threw a beer bottle. So I yelled something. I said: “Who threw that?”, because, you know, there were a couple of girls with us. And this guy walks into the light and says: “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, don’t want to start any trouble.” He put both his hands up. From there, he got close enough to hit me in the mouth. Then he turned and ran away, so fast he kind of stumbled. He lived next door to where the house party was and he just ran home as fast as he could. My brother grabbed me around the waist and said: “It’s not worth it, let him go.” We continued to head towards the truck. The next thing I know, I see the guy coming back. All of a sudden, he fires a shotgun round into the ground. I said: “What are you gonna do now, are you gonna shoot me?” – and when I said that, he fired right into my leg. Then he turned around and fired right into my friend’s stomach. Then he ran away again, leaving me and my friend lying on the asphalt. It almost seemed surreal. How could this have happened? There were people screaming. My friend was screaming. My brother called the ambulance and it seemed like it took an eternity for it to get there. The last thing I remember my friend saying as he lay there was: “I don’t want to die.” I didn’t find out he’d passed until a couple of days after. My doctors told everyone not to tell me. They wanted me to focus on my own recovery and not to have to worry about it. But when they told me I was still in hospital and it was really hard. I just couldn’t believe it. He was a good guy. There was a quote that one of my other friends came up with, from a song: “Everybody dies, but not everybody lives.” My friend did everything he ever wanted to do. He had no regrets. He was just a very good guy, a good dude. I was bitter when it first happened. Now, I think that it was more of a wrong place, wrong time situation. During the trial, it all came out that the shooter was former military. His lawyers’ case was that it was PTSD. He went to prison, though. I think he knows that he made a mistake. I think he knows that he took someone’s life that didn’t need to be taken. Before the shooting, I was working in the oil fields in North Dakota. It was all outdoors on an oil rig. A good job, but really hard, tough work. Now I do excavations, operate heavy equipment and I bar-tend on the side. It makes it difficult, only having one leg. It’s tough, it has its challenges. I get sores. At work, I have to be careful of walking on uneven surfaces, because I lose my balance a lot more easily. With some of the equipment, you have to use your feet and I only have one foot. I have to put my prosthetic on every morning, I have to take it off at night, and I have to take it off to take a shower. I stand on one leg a lot. I have a girlfriend, and we’ve spoken about the shooting, but it’s one of those things that’s hard to talk about and I don’t really like to. I still live in Bozeman and the place I was shot is about a block off from the main road. When I go to the actual spot, it’s weird to look at it and think, this is where I lay not knowing if I was going to live or die. This is the last place I saw my friend. FC Antonius Wiriadjaja: ‘I got into this horrible mess because of violence against a woman’ Facebook Twitter Pinterest Antonius Wiriadjaja: ‘The scar looks beautiful. I’d never felt that about it before.’ Photograph: Kathy Shorr Antonius Wiriadjaja, 33, teaches interactive media at New York University’s Shanghai campus. He was working as a researcher at the New York campus when he was caught in a shooting in Brooklyn at the age of 29 The biggest thing for me has been the realisation that a lot of problems with gun violence have a relationship to violence against women. The reason I got into this horrible mess is because as I was walking down the street, a man was shooting at a pregnant woman. They had their own dispute and I wasn’t part of it, I was an innocent bystander to violence against this woman. It’s something we desperately need to address here in the US. It was the 5th of July, and because it was the day after Independence Day I had the day off. I had promised my friend that I would help her move. It was a 90-degree weather day, and usually I bicycle everywhere but because it was so hot I decided to walk to the subway. It was 2pm, and as I walked I thought I heard fireworks, which is to be expected the day after Independence Day. But when I looked down I was actually bleeding from my chest, and I realised that I’d been shot. I found cover. The bullet went through my chest and it travelled to my stomach, and I was in a lot of pain. Like somebody kneed me in the gut and also hit me in the back. It was really difficult to breathe, it felt like daggers were stabbing into my chest every single time I took a breath. I remember looking into the sky and I saw the light going through the leaves of the trees, and thinking, “Wow, it’s so peaceful now.” The birds were chirping. I was starting to lose consciousness, and I was helped by some of my neighbours – one, a barber, put his hand over my chest and pushed down to make sure I didn’t bleed out, and a woman kept talking to me, making sure that I stayed awake. Then the ambulance came. I fell into a four-day coma, and I woke up and I was the happiest person on Earth, because I’d survived. The week before I got shot, I was asked to start teaching at NYU in New York. And I actually did end up teaching in the fall, but not until October, so I had more time to recuperate. But there have been two big long-term effects. The first one is lasting pain. I lost a bunch of organs including my spleen, so I have to get vaccinated for things like the flu more often. I also had PTSD – it was 17 months or so before I was even remotely prepared to walk down the street without getting scared and nervous. The other knock-on effect is the financial burden. When I left hospital, the first thing I got was a medical bill for $100,000. I was very lucky because I have health insurance for my work, but I couldn’t work for several months, I was in physical therapy. I took a full-time gig in Shanghai in part to pay off a lot of my bills. When I saw the picture [above] I was struck by how dramatic it is - the scar was still pink, and there’s the blood [red] awning in the background. I remember thinking, “Wow, that’s actually very beautiful.” I’d never felt that way about the scar before. FC Topics Photography The Observer Gun crime Art and design (Books) US gun control features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story When I was shot: photographs of gun violence survivors Photographer Kathy Shorr’s project Shot gathers the stories and images of 101 victims of gun violence from across the US Published: 15 Apr 2017 When I was shot: photographs of gun violence survivors It took one massacre: how Australia embraced gun control after Port Arthur The decisive political response to the killing of 35 people in Tasmania by a gunman 20 years ago changed Australia – and has lessons for the US today Published: 14 Mar 2016 It took one massacre: how Australia embraced gun control after Port Arthur So, America, this is how other countries do gun control The UK, Australia, Japan and Germany have all taken measures to reduce gun homicides. Can the US learn anything from them? Published: 14 Mar 2016 So, America, this is how other countries do gun control The macabre truth of gun control in the US is that toddlers kill more people than terrorists do Lindy West Last week, a Florida gun rights activist was shot in the back by her four-year-old son. How much longer will we keep participating in the collective lie that deadly weapons keep us safe? Published: 13 Mar 2016 The macabre truth of gun control in the US is that toddlers kill more people than terrorists do The Guardian view on gun control: good came from the evil of Dunblane Published: 13 Mar 2016 The Guardian view on gun control: good came from the evil of Dunblane NRA chief tells Hillary Clinton to 'bring it on' in gun control fight Published: 3 Mar 2016 NRA chief tells Hillary Clinton to 'bring it on' in gun control fight most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books art & design selected stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › Art & design › Photography back to top film books music art & design tv & radio stage Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by Becker Capital Management Inc. Pegasus Partners Ltd. Buys 1,939 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Stake Lowered by Teachers Advisors LLC ALLETE Inc (ALE) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires 2,770 Shares of Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 79,317 Shares of Cray Inc. (CRAY) 12,663 Shares in Emergent Biosolutions Inc (EBS) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Searle & CO. Purchases Shares of 2,951 Comcast Co. (CMCSA) E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $7.54 Billion Brokerages Expect The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $190.6 Million USA Financial Portformulas Corp Purchases New Position in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 70 Shares of Altria Group Inc (MO) M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 1,292 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $161.9 Million Magna International Inc. (MGA) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.25 Billion $1.53 Billion in Sales Expected for Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) This Quarter Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) to Issue Dividend of GBX 36 on May 16th UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Position in Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) CymaBay Therapeutics (CBAY) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.57 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by Becker Capital Management Inc. April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Becker Capital Management Inc. cut its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 890,518 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 2,557 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores accounts for about 2.2% of Becker Capital Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Becker Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $61,553,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth $110,000. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the last quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 73.15 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $221.86 billion, a PE ratio of 16.70 and a beta of 0.09. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $70.99 and a 200-day moving average price of $69.81. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $62.72 and a 12-month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.79%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is currently 43.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by Becker Capital Management Inc.” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-becker-capital-management-inc.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.70 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, December 26th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Guggenheim restated a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.33. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $7.54 Billion Brokerages Expect The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $190.6 Million USA Financial Portformulas Corp Purchases New Position in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 70 Shares of Altria Group Inc (MO) M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 1,292 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $161.9 Million Magna International Inc. (MGA) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.25 Billion $1.53 Billion in Sales Expected for Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) This Quarter Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) to Issue Dividend of GBX 36 on May 16th UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Position in Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) CymaBay Therapeutics (CBAY) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.57 Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Western Asset Vrble Rate Strtgc Fnd (GFY) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.69 Western Asset Mrtg Defined Oppn Fund (DMO) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Western Asset Corporate Loan Fund (TLI) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Textron Inc. (TXT) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Stake Raised by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Quadrature Capital Ltd Buys New Stake in U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Quadrature Capital Ltd Invests $248,000 in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Norges Bank Invests $17.146 Million in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 1,292 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) April 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet M Holdings Securities Inc. reduced its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 23,803 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 1,292 shares during the period. M Holdings Securities Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,645,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of WMT. American National Bank increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.3% in the third quarter. American National Bank now owns 95,505 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,888,000 after buying an additional 3,048 shares in the last quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 17.4% in the third quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd now owns 93,890 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,771,000 after buying an additional 13,910 shares in the last quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.8% in the third quarter. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. now owns 9,733 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $702,000 after buying an additional 533 shares in the last quarter. MAI Capital Management increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the third quarter. MAI Capital Management now owns 4,315 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $311,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 73.15 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $70.99 and a 200-day moving average price of $69.81. The stock has a market cap of $221.86 billion, a PE ratio of 16.70 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a one year low of $62.72 and a one year high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The business earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.49 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.79%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “M Holdings Securities Inc. Sells 1,292 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/15/m-holdings-securities-inc-sells-1292-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.85 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, December 19th. Instinet reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Guggenheim reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.33. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611 in the last ninety days. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart The showdown between Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) is a veritable clash of retail titans. A perennial leader among the Fortune 500, Wal-Mart consistently generates the most revenue on planet Earth — among publicly traded companies, at least. In fact, Wal-Mart’s $482 billion in sales last year more than doubles the second-largest corporate giant on the list, ExxonMobil . However, Amazon has combined Wal-Mart’s appetite for low prices with its uniquely innovative ability to become the retail giant for the digital age. So, which is the better stock to own today: Amazon or Wal-Mart? In this article, both Amazon and Wal-Mart will go through a three-part analysis to get a better sense of which appears to be the better buy today. Financial fortitude Each with large finance departments, investors can safely assume that Amazon’s and Wal-Mart’s current capital structures are in place for a reason. To frame this discussions, here’s a cursory snapshot into several of the most important liquidity and solvency metrics for each company. Company Cash & Investments Debt Cash From Operations Current Ratio Amazon $25.9 billion $7.7 billion $16.4 billion 1.0 Wal-Mart $6.8 billion $43.7 billion $31.5 billion 0.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance. Figures from Amazon’s and Wal-Mart’s FY 2016 10-K. Cash from Ops reflects the last 12 months reported. Amazon’s $18.2 billion positive net-cash balance clearly jumps out as markedly better than Wal-Mart’s negative $36.9 billion in net debt. However, this isn’t nearly as glaring an impediment as it might first appear thanks to Wal-Mart’s gargantuan operating cash flow, which is roughly twice that of Amazon’s. This narrows the difference between the two companies in my eyes, and the difference between their current ratio is negligible enough to not really factor into the discussion. More importantly, both companies are well managed enough to the point they should be able to meet any and all financial obligations while also tapping credit markets to finance any interesting opportunities. That being said, Amazon’s slightly more conservative financial structure earns it a win in this analysis of financial strength. Winner: Amazon (slightly) Durable competitive advantages Though of course important differences exist between the two, Wal-Mart and Amazon are more similar to one another than they are different today. Wal-Mart is the world’s largest retailer — total sales topped $481 billion last year — and its entire business revolves around selling all manner of goods to consumers worldwide. Amazon’s business mix is only slightly more eclectic. Its AWS reporting segment accounted for about $12.2 billion (9%) of overall sales. The remaining $123 billion (91%) of Amazon’s total sales largely reflect its e-commerce operations, although sales of quasi-retail services like its Prime free shipping and online streaming platform are included in that number. The core difference between the two is the method of distribution. Wal-Mart is largely reliant on its brick-and-mortar network of over 11,695 stores, whereas Amazon’s sales occur entirely online. Of the two, Amazon is far better aligned with the long-term trends taking place within the retail sector, and Wal-Mart finds itself moving as quickly as possible to catch up with Amazon in this regard. Image source: Getty Images. Wal-Mart remains far behind Amazon, though, in developing its e-commerce capabilities. Case in point: Amazon captured 38% of U.S. e-commerce sales during the 2016 holiday season, compared to just 2.6% for Wal-Mart, according to researcher Slice Intelligence. Wal-Mart has intensified its efforts to narrow the gap with Amazon, mostly notably through its acquisition of e-commerce start-up Jet.com last year. The steep $3.3 billion price was largely seen as an „acqu-hire” of Jet’s CEO Marc Lore, one of the few to successfully compete head-to-head against Amazon with diapers.com, which Amazon eventually acquired in 2011 after trying to kill the company in a bare-knuckled price war. All of this is to say that Amazon is currently beating Wal-Mart in the all-important e-commerce space. However, Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious and paid-up for the talent required to bring its own sales model into the 21st century. Given Wal-Mart’s unmatched leverage with suppliers, the most likely outcome of the e-commerce arms race is that Amazon and Wal-Mart will end this generational growth story roughly as equals. Winner: Tie Valuation Turning to their valuations, the multiples perfectly capture the difference in investor sentiment between Amazon and Wal-Mart. Here’s a quick snapshot of three of the most commonly used valuation metrics for Amazon and Wal-Mart. Company P/E Forward P/E EV/EBITDA Amazon 182.6 71.7 36.2 Wal-Mart 16.6 16.0 7.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance. Clearly, Amazon is likely to grow far faster than Wal-Mart in the coming years. However, with Wal-Mart’s recent moves to narrow the talent gap between itself and Amazon — the precursor to narrowing the actual business gap — Wal-Mart’s shares look far more compelling from a purely dollars-and-cents perspective. This one is pretty straightforward, although I like both companies’ shares, for the record. Winner: Wal-Mart And the winner is…Amazon by a nose All of this is to say that both Wal-Mart and Amazon are dominant, world-class companies. By way of metaphor, Amazon is the barbarian at the gate, storming the gates of an industry that Wal-Mart has dominated without equal for years. And even though Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious about e-commerce as well, Amazon’s incredible ability to develop unique solutions to capture an ever greater share of the e-commerce world gives it a slight edge over Wal-Mart. Different stocks for companies at different stages of their corporate lifecycles, I like Amazon shares a bit more in this showdown of e-commerce titans. 10 stocks we like better than Amazon When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Amazon wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 Stocks We Like More Than NVIDIA Next PostNext How Long Can I Make Contributions to My Roth IRA? Search Recent Posts Secretary Cascos reminds professional associations of June 30 filing deadline Secretary Cascos reminds voters of Feb. 1 Registration Deadline Texas sees increases in new business creation in March and first quarter of 2016 Secretary Cascos reports new business formations up four percent in January 2016 Secretary Cascos reminds Texans Early Voting Starts Feb. 16 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men's retailer Bonobos Recode Jason Del Rey 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Apple gets permit to test autonomous vehicles in Calif. Delta increases payouts for overbooked passengers © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. Chicago Bulls star Jimmy Butler and Bonobos CEO Andy Dunn at the Bonobos Michigan Avenue Launch Party. (Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images for Bonobos) It would be the fourth acquisition in seven months for Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 73.15 -0.29 -0.39% Nordstrom Inc JWN ▲ 46.57 +0.14 +0.30% Walmart’s acquisition streak under new e-commerce chief Marc Lore continues. The world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer is in advanced discussions to acquire Bonobos, a 10-year-old men’s fashion retailer based in New York City. Sources say the two sides have agreed on a price — which couldn’t immediately be learned — and that the deal is in its final due diligence stages. The deal would mark at least the fourth e-commerce acquisition by Walmart digital chief Marc Lore since Walmart acquired his company Jet.com seven months ago. Those include women’s online retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear seller MooseJaw and online shoe site ShoeBuy. Lore also bought online furniture retailer Hayneedle while Jet.com was still independent. The largest of the Walmart deals under Lore was $70 million, but sources say Bonobos will go for more than that. The company has between $100 million and $150 million in annual revenue and is in better financial shape than ModCloth, which sold for less than 1x revenue. For a retail business like this, it wouldn’t be unusual to fetch between 1x and 2x revenue. Bonobos was valued at $300 million, according to PitchBook, when it raised $55 million in 2014. Bonobos was founded in 2007 by CEO Andy Dunn and Brian Spaly as an e-commerce shop selling dress pants designed to fit athletic men. Since then, the company has expanded into dress shirts, suits and outerwear, and started to sell through Nordstrom, which is an investor, in addition to its own website. Dress shirts start at around $98 and suits at $550. Over the last few years, Bonobos has also opened more than 30 brick-and-mortar showrooms, called Guideshops, where customers can get fitted and place orders to be delivered to their home. It has raised more than $125 million from investors like Forerunner Ventures, Lightspeed and Mousse Partners in part to fuel this expansion, and had been in discussions over the last few months to raise more. But it had been challenging for Bonobos to find new investment terms that made sense for all parties because it had already raised a lot of money for a retail company of its size. On the surface, the Walmart and Bonobos brands make little sense together. But Lore has been trying to buy digital-native companies with strong brands that appeal to a different demographic than Walmart does, and ones that have the potential to be healthy standalone businesses with Walmart’s backing. “We’re behind,” he said at Recode’s Code Commerce event in March. “We need to catch up.” The deals have also been intended to bring new digital leadership into Walmart — the CEOs of the acquired companies have been staying in place — and to increase the selection of goods on Jet.com, with bonus points for branded goods that can’t be found on other sites, like Amazon. More from recode.net: Jon Stewart came back on TV last night, and it was great Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Montara Road paving pushed back until Barstow Wal-Mart project completed Friday Apr 14, 2017 at 4:47 PM Apr 14, 2017 at 4:47 PM By Paola Baker Staff Writer BARSTOW — The Super Wal-Mart project remains on track, according to an update presented at a recent Planning Commission meeting, with the second phase of construction starting soon. City consulting engineer Brad Merrell presented an update on the project during last Monday’s Planning Commission meeting as part of a traffic and safety update. Construction began ramping up last week when crews began work on curbs and gutters in the area. Paving on East Main Street is expected to start next week. “Hopefully — keeping my fingers crossed — East Main Street will be all done soon,” Merrell said. “The traffic signal is still being worked on and is wrapping up; it should be done within two to three weeks. Keep your eyes peeled.” However, Merrell wanted to offer a “public service announcement” regarding the paving of Montara Road, which won’t be done until after construction is completed. This was due to the amount of work that has to be done to get the store’s new parking lot to the same lower level as the current one. “There’s three sequences to the Wal-Mart project and right now we’re entering sequence two, where the old Wal-Mart building will be demolished,” Merrell said. “Once the store is done, we have 80,000 tons of dirt to move.” Merrell said construction crews plan on hauling the dirt for “three weeks solid” to expedite the project. Because of the faster pace, there will be many large trucks in the roadway near Wal-Mart, prompting project managers to decide to hold off on paving Montara Road until the project is fully completed. “We’ll have the grand opening for Super Wal-Mart, but we won’t have a brand-new road. Montara Road will have a new traffic signal, some striping and signs but you’ll still be driving on old beat-up asphalt,” Merrell said. Upon the project’s completion, Merrell said the paving on Montara Road “should be very quick,” and believed it would be done within a week after the store’s grand opening, which is expected to happen mid-summer. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, April 16, 2017, 1:57 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Chuck Bradford Bald Knob Chamber Citizen of the Year honored for community work By Mark Buffalo This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY MARK BUFFALO Chuck Bradford, a Bald Knob alderman and volunteer firefighter, is the 2016 Bald Knob Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year. Bradford, who is starting his 13th year on both the Bald Knob City Council and the Fire Department, received the honor Feb. 2. Chuck Bradford is a busy man. He is an assistant manager at the Walmart Supercenter in Searcy, an alderman for the Bald Knob City Council and a volunteer firefighter for the Bald Knob Fire Department. But on top of all that, Bradford, 56, has a big heart, and he proved that by helping honor a 5-year-old boy who has cancer make his wish of being a firefighter come true. And for all that, Bradford was honored as the Bald Knob Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year at a banquet Feb. 2 at the Bald Knob High School cafeteria. “It just dumbfounded me,” Bradford said of receiving the honor. “It caught me off guard. I wasn’t expecting it. When they said it, it just kinda got me. It was a great honor.” A statement was read announcing the recipient of the award. During the reading, Bradford figured it out that he was the recipient, especially when the statement talked about when he moved to Bald Knob and when he started working for the Fire Department. And the kicker was when he helped organize a day for Gage Stephens, a cancer patient from Lonoke. “This person found out about Gage while he was at work one day,” the statement said. “All this little boy dreamed of was being a firefighter. Well, this person got with Chief [Danny] Holobaugh and told him about Gage and said he would like to do something for him, so they did. “His passion is to make kids happy. There are more stories to tell about this person — how he has helped people who needed help with either food, gas, helping to fix their broken cars, rides to work — but we don’t have time for all of them.” Another thing that gave it away for Bradford was that two of his children, Justin Bradford and Amanda Eubanks, attended the banquet. “On this particular night, my youngest son and daughter showed up [in Bald Knob],” Bradford said. “I thought that was weird. I said, ‘What are you doing here?’” Bradford said his children told him that they, along with him and his wife, Anita, would go to a restaurant between Bald Knob and Batesville. Bradford said they usually don’t go out on Thursdays. Also, when the announcement was being made at the banquet, Bradford knew it was about him when it said, “they have four children between them.” “This is what got me,” he said. “I just threw my hands in my face.” Bradford said he’s not looking for recognition when he does things for other people. However, the event to honor Gage Stephens was definitely a big one. “I wouldn’t do anything for that reason,” he said, referring to being honored by the chamber. “I got recognized for it, and I really appreciate it.” Bradford said a woman he works with, Donna Middleton, heard about Gage’s situation. He was diagnosed with juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia at a young age. “She was telling me about Gage even before this time,” Bradford said, referring to his illness. “She said that he likes fireman stuff. She was telling me how Make-A-Wish was doing some stuff for him, and they did.” Bradford was told that Gage wanted some things to decorate his room, so he donated his first fire light that he had in his truck when he became a Bald Knob firefighter 12 years ago. It was on a shelf in his shop. “I said, ‘I’ll bring that to him,’” Bradford said. “It just went on. Then probably two or three months later, Donna said she’d like to take Gage to a fire department and show him around. I said to take him to Lonoke. Most fire departments would be tickled for a kid to come in and be able to show him stuff, especially one who wants to be a firefighter.” Bradford said he was told that Gage was taken to the Lonoke Fire Department, but not much was done there. “It kind of shocked me, especially about a kid,” he said. “I thought about it. I got home that night and called Danny [Holobaugh], and the rest is history.” Gage was given a day at the Bald Knob Fire Department on Nov. 12. Bradford said Holobaugh told him to do what he needed to do to make it happen for Gage. “Outside of family, that was just the biggest thing — a blessing to see his little eyes light up,” Bradford said. During the event, Gage was picked up in a firetruck and taken to the Fire Department. He got his own fire boots, a helmet with his name on it and a real fire badge. And it didn’t stop there with Bradford and Gage. Gage said he wanted a motorized firetruck for Christmas. Bradford said he and the other firefighters got together to order one for Gage. Because of the item being out of stock so many different places, they gave him the truck in January. Gage’s grandmother Ann Whitsett was appreciative of what Bradford and the Bald Knob Fire Department did for her family. “They were awesome,” she said. “They made his dream come true. He got to ride on the firetruck. He just had a ball. He looked at everything. They got him a firetruck for Christmas that he rides all the time. They were awesome people.” Whitsett said Gage has gone through numerous treatments, including chemotherapy, bone-marrow transplants and radiation. Wednesday, he had surgery to straighten one of eyes that was crooked because of the treatments. “He’s in remission,” she said. “He’s going good. He had eye surgery yesterday, and he’s up going today.” Bradford said he originally got on the Fire Department in 2005, a month after he got on the City Council. “I wanted to get on the Fire Department and get involved in the community,” he said. “I’ve been there ever since.” Bradford is currently the department’s training instructor and Firewise coordinator. During his time away from work, Bradford works on projects in the community. “I started pushing for a new animal shelter when I got on the City Council,” he said. “We have outside kennels. This weekend (referring to April 8-9), we were building metal awnings over the outside kennels.” Bradford believes in community spirit. “I really try to get involved,” he said. “Sometimes, it eats up a lot of your time, but if you’re going to be in something, I feel like if you’re going do it, do it.” Bradford is originally from Paragould. He started working at Walmart as an hourly associate in 1987. He got into management and left Paragould in 1987. He’s lived several places over the years and started working at the Searcy store in 1998. “I met my wife, Anita, in 1999, and we got married in 2000,” Bradford said. “She lived in Bald Knob, and I moved here.” Bradford said he worked at a Walmart in Little Rock for several years while commuting before coming back to work in Searcy in the past few years. “I like where I live,” he said. Staff writer Mark Buffalo can be reached at (501) 399-3676 or mbuffalo@arkansasonline.com. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Memories of cheese grits and chocolate Snakes, turtles and squirrels not what angler... Bald Knob Chamber Citizen of the Year honored... White County Master Gardeners set inaugural p... Searcy High to get new principal Cabot celebrates crops, community with festiv... Colorful event to make path for scholarships COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE THREE RIVERS AREA Students to compete in national Chemistry Oly... Comments on: Bald Knob Chamber Citizen of the Year honored for community work To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Federal judge issues order blocking Arkansas executions (41 comments) After Pine Bluff shooting, deputy resigns (11 comments) Trump Jr. mocks college students' concern over Chick-fil-A (51 comments) Arkansas AG: Remove circuit judge from executions case, reverse order (11 comments) Homeless woman arrested after twerking in public, Little Rock police say (10 comments) Johnny Depp, Damien Echols appear at Arkansas anti-execution rally (20 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart Stores in talks to acquire Bonobos menswear retailer Ryan Gibson Foundation gives $500,000 to Arkansas Children’s Research Institute UnitedHealthcare insurance plans will continue to be allowed at CHI St. Vincent hospitals Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics AG Rutledge files appeal to Arkansas Supreme Court on Judge Griffen TRO, seeks his removal from case All Arkansas executions halted by federal judge, notes likely ‘intolerable risk’ of pain Circuit Court judge ruling will halt the seven planned Arkansas executions if not reversed Arkansas Supreme Court grants stay of execution to one of the seven Arkansas inmates to be executed Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Ryan Gibson Foundation gives $500,000 to Arkansas Children’s Research Institute Rogers planners to review Pinnacle Hills office building, Pleasant Grove restaurant Chuck Hyde leaving CEO post at Soderquist Leadership Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Syria and the death penalty Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail OOIDA takes case against ELD mandate to Supreme Court The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart Stores in talks to acquire Bonobos menswear retailer BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 3 hours ago 14 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores Walmart.com 0 SHARES Share Tweet Recode reports Wal-Mart Stores is in advanced rounds of another acquisition. This time, the retail giant is looking east at New York-based Bonobos, a menswear e-tailer founded in 2007 by Andy Dunn and Brian Spaly. The higher-end fashion retailer also sells men’s fashion through Nordstrom in addition to its own website. Dunn is the CEO and Spaly left Bonobos to start Trunk Club which he sold to Nordstroms in 2014. Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore recently said the retailer is behind and his job is to catch up, which will likely happen with more acquisitions. In his seven month tenure at the retail giant, Lore has spearheaded three other acquisitions in special product categories and he’s restructured the Walmart.com and Jet.com businesses to take advantage of category expertise from Moosejaw, ShoeBuy, Modcloth and Hayneedle, which was part of the Jet.com deal. Recode reports the two parties have already settled on a price, which they believe will surpass the $70 million paid for ShoeBuy. Bonobos has reported annual revenue around $125 million. While Bonobos is primarily an online business, the retailer has opened nearly three dozen brick-and-mortar showrooms where customers can get properly fitted and place orders which are then delivered to them at home. These “guideshops” are located in larger urban cities such as Atlanta, Austin, Bethesda, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Houston, Minneapolis, Nashville, Newport Beach, New York City, Philadelphia, San Diego, San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle, Scottsdale and Washington D.C. The website said future locations are planned in Los Angeles, Denver and Lexington, Kentucky. Wal-Mart has not responded to the reports, but Lore has told the media the retailer was actively looking to make more deals. The retailer will no doubt report on the deal once due diligence is finalized. Talk Business & Politics will follow up on this story as more details are known. Comments comments Previous post AG Rutledge files appeal to Arkansas Supreme Court on Judge Griffen TRO, seeks his removal from case Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Wal-Mart Stores in talks to acquire Bonobos menswear retailer 3 hours ago AG Rutledge files appeal to Arkansas Supreme Court on Judge Griffen TRO, seeks his removal from case 16 hours ago All Arkansas executions halted by federal judge, notes likely ‘intolerable risk’ of pain 17 hours ago Circuit Court judge ruling will halt the seven planned Arkansas executions if not reversed 1 day ago Arkansas Supreme Court grants stay of execution to one of the seven Arkansas inmates to be executed 1 day ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 3,603 views Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future 2,716 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 2,391 views Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 2,265 views Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds 2,045 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us NEWS Professor sues Walmart over 'clean toilets' description Email share share tweet email AP A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, California, in 2013. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) AP Saturday, April 15, 2017 11:00PM BOZEMAN, Montana -- A Montana State University professor is suing Walmart for libel after he said an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation on a fishing license as a "toilet cleaner." Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. Walmart spokesman Ragan Dickens told The Associated Press: "To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing. We've not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court." According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Walmart employee identification of his employment at MSU. But the Walmart employee entered "clean toilets" into the state database as Kalonde's occupation. The suit contends Walmart exposed Kalonde to "hatred, contempt, ridicule" through the incident. Report a Typo Related Topics: newslawsuitwalmartMontana Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS North Korea's attempted missile launch explodes on liftoff, U.S. officials say Tax Day protesters across US demand Trump release tax returns Police investigate Durham crash Man charged with setting Creedmoor home on fire South Korea: North Korea missile test ends in failure More News Top Stories Damaged transmission lines cause over 7,000 residents in Knightdale area to lose power, Duke Energy says 2 taken to hospital following Fayetteville crash Police investigate Durham crash Fire closes right lanes of I-40 Westbound near exit 282 South Korea: North Korea missile test ends in failure Peace event held for children in Durham neighborhood Carolinas see increases in pedestrians killed by cars Show More LIVE GIRAFFE CAM: April welcomes her new baby calf Man charged with setting Creedmoor home on fire Woman upset after dog euthanized without her knowing Italy's Emma Morano, the world's oldest person, dies at 117 Man killed in Raleigh shooting More News Photos PHOTOS: Boats burned in Kerr Lake marina fire PHOTOS: Fayetteville's Hop in the Park PHOTOS: Shooting at elementary school in San Bernardino, California PHOTOS: Stockholm, Sweden 'terror' attack More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
Please enable javascript to view this site. HD Report | April 16, 2017 HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers Select a Page: Hide Navigation HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Reviews Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Select a Page: Hide Navigation App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Reviews Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Scroll to top Top NewsVUDU No Comments Vudu’s Phone App Now Converts Disc-to-Digital, and It Works! hdreport On April 15, 2017 http://hd-report.com The newly updated Vudu app for Apple and Android devices now allows users to easily convert discs to digital format. This Walmart-owned service has been around for a while, but was limited to inserting physical discs into PCs or converting discs to digital in-store. Many new Blu-rays come with a Digital HD copy supplied, but for older single-disc format BDs, digital redemption codes that have expired, and especially DVDs (which don’t typically come with a digital copy), this is a great way to build your digital collection inexpensively. The Mobile Disc to Digital service works pretty much like Walmart/Vudu’s existing Disc-to-Digital conversion, except that instead of inserting a disc into a PC for verification you simply use your phone’s camera to scan the barcode from disc packaging. A few things have to be enabled in the Vudu app settings to the feature to work. For one, “Location” must be turned on. This might have something to do with regional information on the discs. In addition, the camera must be enabled, there needs to be billing set up, and a UV (UltraViolet) account must be connected. Not all movies are able to be converted. We tried a bunch of older Blu-ray Discs and DVDs that were pre-UltraViolet/iTunes to see what titles could be converted. Titles that were eligible for a $2 conversion include Avatar, An American in Paris, Michael Jackson: This is It, Syriana, There Will be Blood, Mongol, and Das Boot. Titles that costs $5 for the conversion included Elf and The Road Warrior. The titles that were not eligible from our bunch included the Star Wars Trilogy, the Riddick Trilogy, Gangs of New York, Zero Dark Thirty, and Dune among others. What’s also nice about the new app feature is that if you already own the UltraViolet title the app will let you know. However, it doesn’t know if you may already own a digital copy through iTunes, Google Play, Amazon or other services. The Vudu app is free to download from iTunes and Google Play. TagsVUDU Previous Story NBA Playoffs Opening Weekend Schedule Next Story This is the most recent story. Submit a Comment Cancel reply Message* Name* Mail* Website CAPTCHA Code * Advertisement Recent News NewsVUDU Vudu’s Phone App Now Converts Disc-to-Digital, and It Works! April 15, 2017 | hdreport The newly updated Vudu app for Apple and Android devices now allows users to easily convert discs to digital format. This Walmart-owned service has been around for a while, but was limited to inserting physical discs into PCs or converting … Read More NewsSports NBA Playoffs Opening Weekend Schedule April 15, 2017 | hdreport It’s the first weekend of the NBA 2016/2017 Playoffs! Will the Cleveland Cavaliers prove they don’t have to be the first seed to dominate the East when they host the Indiana Pacers at 3:00 PM Eastern Time? Can San Antonio beat the troublesome Memphis … Read More GamingNews You Should Forgive Nintendo For Ending the NES Classic Edition April 14, 2017 | Matthew Byrd In a stunning move, Nintendo recently confirmed they are ending production of the NES Classic Edition. Since it launched in November, the NES Classic Edition has garnered a level of consumer demand Nintendo hasn’t really seen since the release … Read More NewsTrailers Lucasfilm premieres ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Official Teaser at SWC April 14, 2017 | contributor “Breathe, just breathe.” At the Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, Lucasfilm premiered the first Official Teaser trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Needless to say, this is the video we’ve all been waiting for, and, with a total … Read More NewsUltra HD Blu-ray 3:10 to Yuma (’07) will release to 4k Ultra HD Blu-ray April 14, 2017 | Sam Donaldson 3:10 to Yuma (2007) is one movie that’s hard to forget, and soon the 2x Oscar-nominated title from director James Mangold will be available for home viewing in 4k. The Ultra HD Blu-ray disc will hit stores on May 2, 2017, featuring … Read More Shop for Deals About | Contributors | Jobs | Advertising | Disclaimer | Privacy | Contact | Subscribe (RSS)
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos News Professor sues Wal-Mart over ‘clean toilets’ description Sat., April 15, 2017, 5:01 p.m. Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS BOZEMAN, Mont. – A Montana State University professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel after he says an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation on a fishing license as a “toilet cleaner.” Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. The Bozeman Daily Chronicle reported that Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to a request for comment. According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Wal-Mart employee identification of his employment at MSU. But the Wal-Mart employee entered “clean toilets” into the state database as Kalonde’s occupation. The suit contends Wal-Mart exposed Kalonde to “hatred, contempt, ridicule” through the incident. Published: April 15, 2017, 5:01 p.m.  Tags: libel lawsuit, Montana State University professor Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Professor sues Wal-Mart over ‘clean toilets’ description Sat Apr 15th, 2017 3:38pm News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press BOZEMAN, Mont. — A Montana State University professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel after he says an employee at the Bozeman store listed his occupation on a fishing license as a “toilet cleaner.” Gilbert Kalonde, assistant professor of technology education at MSU, filed the suit this past week in Gallatin County District Court. Kalonde is seeking unspecified damages. The Bozeman Daily Chronicle reported that Wal-Mart did not immediately respond to a request for comment. According to the complaint, Kalonde bought a state fishing license in April 2015, showing the Wal-Mart employee identification of his employment at MSU. But the Wal-Mart employee entered “clean toilets” into the state database as Kalonde’s occupation. The suit contends Wal-Mart exposed Kalonde to “hatred, contempt, ridicule” through the incident.   Most Read Another Chick-Fil-A will land in Snohomish County BOTHELL — Consider the Chick-fil-A experiment in the Northwest a success. The… Apr 14th, 2017 by Jim Davis Snohomish County and Japanese airports reach agreement EVERETT — Snohomish County airport officials have reached their first formal agreement… Apr 14th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Another lean year for coho, but some positive signs EVERETT — It’s going to be another lean year for salmon fishing,… Apr 14th, 2017 by Chris Winters Naval Station Everett increased by 1,000 sailors in 2016 EVERETT — Naval Station Everett, already the second-largest employer in Snohomish County,… Apr 14th, 2017 by Chris Winters WSU in Everett launches in-demand data analysis program EVERETT — In a world of big data, there need to be… Apr 14th, 2017 by Jim Davis © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Star Charlie Hunnam Reveals There Was An Alternate Ending For Jax Teller Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Bad Lip Reading’ ‘The Force Awakens’ Returns To YouTube Entertainment 2017-04-15 Charlie Sheen ‘Winning’ Moments, His Net Worth And Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan Craziest Controversial Times Celebrity News, Entertainment 2017-04-14 Lisa Rinna Of ‘RHOBH’ Spends Time With Daughters Delilah And Amelia News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-16 Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] News 2017-04-15 North Korea Failed Missile Test: Missile Unveiled At Military Parade ‘Blew Up Immediately’ News 2017-04-15 5-Year-Old Boy Crushed To Death At Atlanta Rotating Restaurant Atop Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel News 2017-04-15 Authorities Identify La Encantada Mall Shooter As 60-Year-Old Fire Captain With The Tucson Fire Department Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-16 WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Basketball 2017-04-16 Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE Rumors: Backstage Heat On Dean Ambrose And Renee Young With WWE Officials Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-15 What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-14 Obese Indian Baby Girl Reportedly Weighs As Much As ‘Normal’ 4-Year-Old Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-15 Microsoft Offering New Free Games Tomorrow For Xbox Live Gold Members, Spring Sale Ends Monday Science 2017-04-15 New Solar-Powered Water Harvester Creates Water From Air, Could Help Drought-Affected Areas Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Yooka-Laylee’: Dust Off Your Childhood, It’s About To Get Wild Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For April 14, The Last Word Via Bundle BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Mike Cernovich Next Alt-Right Blogger To Be Punched In The Face BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Easter 2017 Quotes: All The Best Sayings, Greetings, And Bible Verses To Share On April 16 BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Melania ‘HomeSafe’ Home Visit In $1,150 Sandals Makes News, Not A Media Blackout – Trump Makes 18th Golf Trip BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Jack Nicholson Bizarre Movies Secret And Matthew McConaughey, Whitney Houston Craziest Drug-fuelled Moments SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Mama June Likes To Walk Around Naked, How Jennifer And Sugar Bear Met, And More From ‘The Confrontation’ TV 1 0 0 April 15, 2017 Mama June Likes To Walk Around Naked, How Jennifer And Sugar Bear Met, And More From ‘The Confrontation’ Jackie Villegas Secrets were shared and tempers flared on the Friday episode of Mama June: From Not to Hot. The reunion show, titled “The Confrontation,” featured June “Mama June” Shannon and her daughters, 17-year-old Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon and 11-year-old Alana “Honey Boo Boo” Thompson. Honey Boo Boo’s father, Mike “Sugar Bear” Thompson, was also there with his new bride, Jennifer Lamb. Judge Lynn Toler, the moderator, led the group in discussing their new lives, challenges, and aspirations. During the From Not to Hot episode, a number of interesting factoids came up, including that Mama June now likes to wander around the house in the buff, and that Honey Boo Boo feels more or less abandoned by her father. Here are some of the more striking revelations from the Mama June: From Not to Hot reunion episode. Mama June is proud of her new body In “The Confrontation,” Honey Boo Boo told Judge Toler that she has seen a lot of changes in Mama June since she had a gastric band fitted and dropped down to a size 4. “She, like, walks around the house naked and stuff.” Mama June’s dramatic physical transformation has so inspired her daughters that they’re now working on getting more active and becoming healthier. Another one #MamaJune pic.twitter.com/Tbfy5DL0XR — Mama June (@MamaJune_BooBoo) April 1, 2017 “I actually enjoy going to the gym,” Honey Boo Boo said. “It’s actually like a little playground for me.” “I want to try and lose over 50 pounds before, like, we go to the beach,” her sister revealed. “I’m about to start going to the gym. I have someone helping me out with meal plans and things like that.” Jennifer and Sugar Bear met at a Walmart According to Jennifer, who met Sugar Bear when he was still with Mama June, their first encounter was at a Walmart, where they were both in line and got to talking and exchanging numbers. She said she didn’t know that he was a reality TV personality until her daughter told her. “My daughter got on Facebook, she typed in ‘Honey Boo Boo’s dad,” she said. Jennifer insisted that though she and Sugar Bear started communicating before he and Mama June called it quits, there was no cheating involved. “People’s, like, got the wrong impression on me because, yes, I’ll admit it, I did cheat on June,” Sugar Bear said during the From Not to Hot reunion episode. “I normally don’t cheat, but when you got a phone in your hand and you’re talking to this woman here and that woman there, you’ll do it. I’ve changed from that, and I love her, she loves me.” Sugar Bear hasn’t had much time for his daughter Honey Boo Boo told Judge Toler that she would like for her dad to be more involved in her life. “He found Jennifer and he didn’t come and see me anymore,” she said. “He was just gone. He would text, like, maybe once every three weeks.” However, she also admitted that she wants him to change first. Specifically, she wants her father to “stop being so angry all the time.” The girls have been doing press today in New York you can catch them tonight on @InsideEdition @etnow @socrazygirl30 @mychelle_lauryn pic.twitter.com/4D8oxzOddN — Mama June (@MamaJune_BooBoo) February 22, 2017 For his part, Sugar Bear insisted that he doesn’t have a problem controlling his temper. “I keep hearing about everybody saying I got an anger issue,” he said. “You can ask Jennifer and anybody that’s around, they don’t see it. I don’t get angry.” However, Jennifer (and viewers) later saw him lose control after a screaming match with Pumpkin. Prior to the airing of the Mama June: From Not to Hot season reunion special, Entertainment Tonight released a clip showing the heated exchange, in which Pumpkin threatened to beat Sugar Bear up and him ripping his shirt. Not long after the season finale of Mama June: From Not to Hot aired, Mama June unleashed her anger at her former partner in a string of tweets in which she called him a liar. She also said that the episode shows the abuse that she and the girls lived with before she and Sugar Bear split up. It comes to a point when u have to get your kids away from drama n protect them they have been through alot with him #MamaJune — Mama June (@MamaJune_BooBoo) April 15, 2017 He always threatening n then he turns crazy so now yall have seen what has been hidden for a long n there is more #MamaJune — Mama June (@MamaJune_BooBoo) April 15, 2017 He always crys wolf n plays the victims when the kids r the REAL victims n have lived with his violence #MamaJune — Mama June (@MamaJune_BooBoo) April 15, 2017 [Featured Image by Jonathan Leibson/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Scarlett Johansson Spends Time With Ex Husband At Art Gallery Now Read This: ‘Big Brother 19’ Schedule: Fans Enjoying ‘BB19’ Rumors As Summer 2017 Season Premiere Approaches Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jackie Villegas Tags: From Not To Hot, honey boo boo, Mama June April 14, 2017 April The YouTube Giraffe Shows New Signs That ‘Miraculous’ Birth Is Soon, Says Animal Adventure Park April 13, 2017 April The YouTube Giraffe Having Twins? Five Signs That ‘Big, Happy’ Mom’s Live Cam Birth Is Soon Honey Boo Boo 8 hours ago Mama June Likes To Walk Around Naked, How Jennifer And Sugar Bear Met, And More From ‘The Confrontation’ 2 days ago Sugar Bear Ends Up Screaming At Pumpkin, Ripping Off Shirt At Reunion Show Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Nina Dobrev, Orlando Bloom Not Dating, Hooking Up [Debunked] Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] Terraforming Mars A Non-Starter: Need 10 Million Comets Made Of Pure Carbon Dioxide Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Young Women And The Resistance: Deja Foxx, Saffiyah Khan Make Headlines This Week [Opinion] WWE Rumors: Backstage Heat On Dean Ambrose And Renee Young With WWE Officials Selena Gomez Finally Posts First Official Photo With The Weeknd During Coachella ‘Impact Wrestling’ Star Tyrus Shares His Thoughts On The United Airlines Incident Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories K-Dramas To Watch In April 2017 — What Korean Dramas Should You Check Out This Month? 8.1k 0 0 DramaFever Co-Producing OCN’s 1st Romcom ‘My Secret Romance’ — K-Drama To Simultaneously Air In US And Korea 5.9k 0 0 Watch April The Giraffe Live Cam: Nursing And Bonding With Boy Calf At Animal Adventure Park, Relive Birth 3.8k 0 0 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Orders Evacuation Of Capital, North Korea Readies For Nuclear War, Reports Say 4.1k 0 0 Married Couple Discover They Are Twins After Visiting An IVF Clinic 2.6k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle Calls Chris Benoit One Of The Greatest Wrestlers Of All Time 2.2k 0 0 Recent Videos Movies Charlize Theron Opens Up About Being A Villain Celebrity News Charlie Sheen In Process Of Medical Detox Entertainment Caitlyn Jenner Might Get Her Own Talk-show Famous Relationships Tyga Not Living With Kylie Jenner Anymore Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYEATS The hippies have won The classic 1970s hippie staple alfalfa gets a 21st century upgrade in the 'Power Bowl' at Dimes in Manhattan / Cole Wilson/New York Times Products and ideas surrounding eating, health and wellness that seem like a 1970s flashback (think turmeric and açai bowls) have gone mainstream Christine Muhlke Sunday 16 April 2017 00:00 BST Click to follow Indy/Life It’s Moosewood’s world. We’re just eating in it. Consider granola: The word used to be a derogatory term. Now it’s a supermarket category worth nearly $2bn a year. Kombucha was something your art teacher might have made in her basement. The company GT’s Kombucha brews more than a million bottles annually and sells many of them at Walmart and Safeway. And almond milk? You can add it to your drink at any of 15,000 Starbucks locations for 60 cents. Just as yoga and meditation have gone mainstream (and let’s not get started on designer Birkenstocks), so have ideas and products surrounding health, wellness and eating that play like a flashback to the early 1970s. Co-op staples of that time – the miso, tahini, dates, seeds, turmeric and ginger that were absorbed from other cultures and populated the Moosewood restaurant cookbooks – now make appearances at some of the most innovative restaurants in the country, where menus are built around vegetables and heritage grains. Vegetarianism and veganism are on the rise and kale, the bacon of the clean-eating moment, is now routinely heaped on salad plates across the land. Read more Food inflation hits highest rate in three years in March The hippies may not have won the election, but they are winning the plate. (Or rather, the bowl). “The counterculture is always ahead of what’s happening in mainstream culture,” said Peter Meehan, the editorial director of Lucky Peach magazine. “It’s as true in any creative field as it is in food.” Fermenting and pickling are back in vogue (Oriana Koren/NYT) Deborah Madison, the author and chef who made vegetarian cooking sophisticated with her 1987 cookbook Greens,has seen this food before: She cooked it in the 1960s as one of “a growing number of people who were trying to cook differently from our parents”, she says. “Our intentions were good,” Madison continues. “We were using wholesome foods in contrast to our mothers’ new reliance on cake mixes, white flour, TV dinners and that sort of thing.” The problem, she said, was that her generation didn’t know much about cooking. “What we cooked was very much on the stodgy side,” she said. “Today the same foods are now seen as interesting and delicious and worth eating. We can appreciate their flavours, textures and general possibilities because we – that is, the big collective we – know so much more about cooking foods of all kinds.” The current food mood may also be a reaction to the more exhausting aspects of life in the digital era. Sandor Katz, author of Wild Fermentation, at work in the kitchen (Kyle Dean Reinford/NYT) “It’s a weird mixture of technology and palo santo” – iPhones and incense – says the chef Gerardo Gonzalez, suggesting that people who live online may be moved to seek out the restorative properties of natural foods. “You’re constantly in this thing that’s not reality, and eating food can be the most real act you can partake in.” At Lalito, his restaurant in Manhattan, Gonzalez serves food he describes as “hippie Chicano” like vegan chicharrones and the brown goddess cucumber salad with brown mole vinaigrette, mint and candied pepitas, as well as dishes like eggplant topped with tahini, lemon juice and Japanese gomasio seasoning. (The restaurant opened in late 2016 as Lalo. It was recently renamed to avoid conflict with a similarly named restaurant). Growing up with chain restaurants and living with the “mental fog” that comes from regularly eating meat, dairy and starch led him and his peers to seek an alternative. “I think people are now more likely to turn to açai bowls than a bacon cheeseburger for their hangover,” he says. “For a lot of people who gravitate toward this lifestyle, it’s not hypocritical.” As one of the owners of Dimes, a restaurant that opened three years ago in Manhattan, Alissa Wagner is partly responsible for bringing those açai bowls to the Instagram set. Wagner believes that diners are a lot more knowledgeable about where and how to eat better than they were when she graduated from the Natural Gourmet Institute, a mostly vegetarian cooking school in Manhattan, in 2010. Quinoa still rules the roost at Dimes (Cole Wilson/New York Times) “There was a huge awakening that happened in the last couple of years with the way that New Yorkers approach food,” she says. “The meat-heavy, super-masculine-style restaurants that were ever-present became outdated and were overtaken by a much more vibrant and produce-driven menu.” Some of the most anticipated restaurant openings of the past year have had a crunchy vibe. Tartine Manufactory in San Francisco is never without a line for its rustic sourdough bread, whole-grain pastries and turmeric kefir. At Destroyer in Culver City, Calif., the chef Jordan Kahn incorporates elements like puffed rice and pickled mushrooms into his precise and visually arresting cooking. For his avocado toast – a dish that is the spiritual descendant of the 1970s avocado sandwich, smashed on health bread and topped with a handful of alfalfa sprouts — the avocado is confited. Brunch at the “veg-forward” Bad Hunter in Chicago includes miso-apple sticky buns and sourdough porridge with walnut butter. In New York, Jean-Georges Vongerichten recently opened abcV, an organic, all-vegetable restaurant that serves dishes like “stems and sprouts” with sunflower seeds, and traffics in ayurvedic tonics, which have captivated millennials hunting for the next thing after juice. At L’estudio, the rough-hewed pottery is fired in the cafe’s adjoining ceramics studio. And while the landmark vegan restaurant Angelica Kitchen in Manhattan is closing this week, its legacy is vast – veggie burgers and grain bowls, once a menu rarity, can be had at chains like Hillstone and Sweetgreen. (The chef Camille Becerra, who just opened De Maria, which is heavy on bowls, cooked at Angelica Kitchen – a formative experience). Even the elegant French restaurant Le Coucou serves avocado toast at breakfast and brunch, charging $18 for the winkingly named “Le Californien”. Despite the often extragavant price tag attached to many haute-hippie staples and the Vitamix required to prepare them, this is food that is easy to make at home, with plenty of cookbooks for guidance. The last several months have seen the release of many vegetable-rich and raw-food cookbooks, including ones from Lucky Peach; Martha Stewart; Wolfgang Puck; the vegan website Thug Kitchen; Sarah Britton, of the website My New Roots, whose Instagram feed of bowls and sprouts has over 330,000 followers; and Amanda Chantal Bacon of Moon Juice, a small chain of juice shops that started in Venice, in Los Angeles. Aubergine topped with mojama (salt-cured tuna) at Lalito, LA (Cole Wilson/NYT) In her book and at her shops, Bacon, a former line cook at Lucques in Los Angeles – and the subject of a Twitter storm last summer, after a crystal was stolen from her Silver Lake location – spreads the gospel of coconut yogurt, reishi mushroom powder and meditation, while selling $10 Moon Dusted Milks made with brown rice protein, chia seeds and blue spirulina. Her plans for Moon Dust expansion are global. Last week, Madison released In My Kitchen: A Collection of New Vegetarian Recipes. Her elegant earth-motherhood has given rise to a generation of chefs, cookbook authors and bloggers focused on vegetables and whole foods, like Anna Jones, who wrote the vegetarian cookbook A Modern Way to Cook. (Madison, like a baby boomer who is both tickled and horrified to see bell-bottoms come back in style, says she always found it “amusing that foods like the once-abhorrent brown rice have come around to being seen as good to eat, and preferable even to white rice.”) For amateur picklers and kimchi-makers there is a new edition of Wild Fermentation, the 2003 manual that helped its author, Sandor Katz, become a heroic figure among cooks who ferment their own foods. Like the back-to-the landers and Whole Earth catalogue readers before them, a new generation is once again becoming interested in fermentation, especially do-it-yourself projects, a shift that Katz attributes to people becoming more critical of the industrial food system and seeking alternatives. “Once you start asking questions about how this food was produced, then fermentation is just part of the answer,” he says. Food and drink news + show all Food and drink news 1/26 New York restaurant named best in the world A New York restaurant where an average meal for two will cost $700 has been named the best in the world. Eleven Madison Park won the accolade for the first time after debuting on the list at number 50 in 2010. The restaurant was praised for a fun sense of fine-dining, “blurring the line between the kitchen and the dining room” Getty Images 2/26 Why you crave bad food when you’re tired Researchers at Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University in Chicago recently presented their results of a study looking into the effects of sleep deprivation upon high-calorific food consumption. Researchers found that those who were sleep-deprived had “specifically enhanced” brain activity to the food smells compared to when they had a good night’s sleep Shutterstock 3/26 Drinking wine engages more of your brain than solving maths problems Drinking wine is the ideal workout for your brain, engaging more parts of our grey matter than any other human behaviour, according to a leading neuroscientist. Dr Gordon Shepherd, from the Yale School of Medicine, said sniffing and analysing a wine before drinking it requires “exquisite control of one of the biggest muscles in the body” Getty Images/iStockphoto 4/26 British dessert eating surges after people ditch healthy eating in February : In heartening news for anyone feeling guilty about quitting their New Year diet, it seems lots of us have given in to our sweet tooths once again. New data from nationwide food-delivery service Deliveroo reveals there was a surge in Brits ordering desserts in February compared to the first month of 2017 Getty Images/iStockphoto 5/26 US congress debates definition of milk alternatives A new bill has been created that seeks to ban dairy alternatives from using the term ‘milk’. Titled the DAIRY PRIDE Act, the name is a tenuous acronym for ‘defending against imitations and replacements of yogurt, milk, and cheese to promote regular intake of dairy every day’. It argues that the dairy industry is struggling as a result of all the dairy-free alternatives on the market and the public are being duped too Getty Images 6/26 Cadbury’s launches two new chocolate bars UK confectionary giant Cadbury has launched two new chocolate bars, hoping to lure those with a sweet tooth and perhaps help combat some of the challenges it faces from rising commodity prices and a post-Brexit slump in the value of the pound.The company’s new products will be peanut butter and mint flavoured. They will be available in most major super markets as 120g bars, priced at £1.49, according to the company Cadburys 7/26 You can now get a job as a professional chocolate eater The company responsible for some of your favourite chocolate brands – think Cadbury, Milks, Prince and Oreo – have officially announced an opening to join their team as a professional chocolate taster. The successful candidate will help them to test, perfect and launch new products all over the world. Getty Images/iStockphoto 8/26 MSG additive used in Chinese food is actually good for you, scientist claims For years, we’ve been told MSG (the sodium salt of glutamic acid) - often associated with cheap Chinese takeaways - is awful for our health and to be avoided at all costs. But one scientist argues it should be used as a “supersalt” and encourages adding it to food. Getty Images/iStockphoto 9/26 Lettuce prices are rising Not only are lettuces becoming an increasingly rare commodity in supermarkets, but prices for the leafy vegetables seem to be rising too. According to the weekly report from the Government’s Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, a pair of Little Gem lettuces had an average market price of £0.86 in the week that ended on Friday, up from an average of £0.56 in the previous week – that’s an almost 54 per cent increase. Getty Images 10/26 Food School Kids celebrate Food School graduation with James Martin – a campaign launched by Asda to educate young people on where food comes from. New research has revealed that children across the UK just aren’t stepping up to the plate when it comes to simple facts about the food they eat – with almost half of children under eight not knowing that eggs come from chickens RichardCrease/BNPS 11/26 ‘Do-It-Yourself’ restaurant To encourage more people to cook and eat together, IKEA has launched The Dining Club in Shoreditch – a fully immersive ‘Do-It-Yourself’ restaurant . Members of the public can book to host a brunch, lunch or dinner party for up to 20 friends and family. Supported by their very own sous chef and maître de, the host and their guests will orchestrate an intimate dining experience where cooking together is celebrated and eating together is inspirational Mikael Buck / IKEA 12/26 Ping Pong menu with a twist Gatwick Airport has teamed up with London dim sum restaurant Ping Pong to create a limited edition menu with a distinctly British twist; including a Full English Bao and Beef Wellington Puff, to celebrate the launch of the airport’s new route to Hong Kong 13/26 Zizzi unveil the Ma’amgharita Unique pizza art has been created by Zizzi in celebration of the Queen’s 90th birthday. The pizza features the queen in an iconic pose illustrated with fresh and tasty Italian ingredients on a backdrop of the Union Jack 14/26 Blue potatoes make a comeback Blue potatoes, once a staple part of British potato crops, are back on the menu thanks to a Cambridge scientist turned-organic farmer and Farmdrop, an online marketplace that lets people buy direct from local farms. Cambridge PhD graduate-turned farmer, Adrian Izzard has used traditional growing techniques at Wild Country Organics to produce the colourful spuds, packed with healthy cell-protecting anthocyanin, which had previously disappeared from UK plates when post-war farmers were pushed towards higher-yielding varieties 15/26 France plans to usurp Scotland as the home of the world's best whisky France is planning to usurp Scotland’s reputation as the home of the world’s best whisky, fired by a growing national obsession with the drink. According to a study by retail consultants Bonial, the French drink more whisky than any other country – an average of 2.15 litres a year, compared to 1.8 litres in second-placed Uruguay and the US in third on 1.4 litres Bloomberg via Getty Images 16/26 The price of an avocado is set to rise Britain’s avocado lovers are facing a significant increase in the cost of their favourite salad food because the so-called superfood is becoming too popular. High demand from health-conscious consumers has led Peru to triple its avocado exports since 2010, with exports to the UK up 58% over the past year 17/26 Eating cereal may not be the healthiest way to start the day The old saying goes that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so many of us do as we are told and grab a bowl of cereal before we head out the door. But an expert has warned that while many cereals boxes claim their contents are the perfect start to the day, many are packed full of sugar and carbohydrates with little nutritional value. Even some seemingly-health muesli cereals have a lot of added sugar in the form of honey, malt, molasses, dried fruit or “even fruit juice” Getty Images 18/26 Crisps made with real ingredients Michelin starred chef, Simon Rogan in action cooking a menu inspired by the provenance ingredients in the new Chef’s Signature range from Kettle Chips. Kettle Chips, the nation’s favourite premium crisp brand, has launched the new range of crisps with exciting new seasonings, made with the highest quality food ingredients rather than chemicals or artificial flavours 19/26 Japanese whisky crisis Suntory’s chief blender Mr. Fukuyo San blends component whiskies to create Suntory Yamazaki Distiller’s Reserve, a blend of young and old single malts. Japan’s warm climate and varied seasons makes it perfect environment to age and blend whiskies, creating subtle, refined and complex expressions.The recent trend for Japanese whisky has put the spirit on the verge of a global shortage 20/26 Non-alcoholic cocktails are seriously chic We are living through a new era of creative, non-alcoholic drinks that go way beyond a coke or sweet mocktail. The world is becoming more health conscious. There's the war on sugar, and teetotalism is on the rise, with more than one in five not drinking at all (especially young adults), according to The National Statistics for Adult Drinking Habits. This abstinence is even more pronounced in London, with almost one in three turning away from alcohol. An increasing number of mixologists are applying their talents to the creation of non-alcoholic drinks that taste as good as their boozy alternatives 21/26 'Heat map' shows which areas of Britain enjoy the spiciest curries After Bradford was named the Curry Capital of Britain for the fifth year running, a map has been released showing which regions of Britain enjoy a spicy curry and which prefer the milder variants. According to the map developed by Hari Ghotra, Kent, Essex, West Yorkshire and Lancashire are the heat-handling kings of Britain, while Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales all prefer milder curries. The data was collected by monitoring the location of social media posts that mentioned names of curries. These were then given a spice rating and were then collated to give each area a score out of 1000 22/26 Guinness to become vegan-friendly Guinness is set to become vegan friendly for the first time in its 256-year history, as the company announced its plan to stop using fish bladders in its filters 23/26 Why the salmon on your plate might not actually be salmon Salmon that ends up on the dinner table may not be salmon at all, a study has suggested. The problem of salmon mislabelling has become an increasing issue in the US in the winter months, according to American research published by Oceana. The findings show that 43 per cent of the salmon tested was mislabelled – the most common instance of this being when farmed Atlantic salmon was sold as wild salmon 24/26 How dangerous is a bacon sandwich A recent WHO report warning that processed and red meats can cause cancer may have left you thinking a little harder about whether to pick up that bacon butty for breakfast or ditch a beef-filled Bolognese for dinner - but how worried should we be? The review of 800 studies for the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) prompted global health experts to cast processed meats - including bacon, ham and sausages - into the ominous-sounding list of group 1 carcinogens, where they joined formaldehyde, gamma radiation and cigarettes. Eating just a 50g portion of processed meat – or two rashers of bacon - a day increases the risk of bowel cancer by 18 per cent, the experts concluded 25/26 New Zealanders are behind a lot of the interesting food and drink stuff happening in the UK Dark beers are more suited to cold months, so the thinking goes, but in one part of the world they're always popular. "Lots of breweries in New Zealand have got stouts and porters among their best sellers," says Stu McKinlay, one half of the duo behind Wellington brewing company Yeastie Boys. McKinlay recently swapped Wellington for west Kent in order to launch Yeastie Boys in the UK, and he's joined forces with four other breweries (8 Wired, Renaissance, Three Boys, Tuatara) as part of the New Zealand Craft Beer Collective, to promote his country's finest over here 26/26 Additives in popular chicken nuggets Ingredients, a new book co-created by photographer Dwight Eschliman and food writer Steve Ettlinger distils 25 products, including popcorn, Red Bull and chicken soup, focusing on 75 of the most common food additives and revealing what each one looks like, where it comes from and why it is used. McDonald’s chicken nuggets were found to contain 40 different ingredients. These included dextrose, a sugar also used by shoe makers to make leather more pliable, and corn starch, used for thickening food as well as also being a substitute for petrol He also cites recent scientific findings on the microbiome and the notion that health may be affected by bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract, which are in turn influenced by what you eat. “People are recognising that this important biodiversity inside of us has been diminished and are seeking strategies to restore it for immune function, digestion, mental health and everything else,” he says. “So people are seeking out bacteria-rich foods.” In fact, a kombucha- and tempeh-making business just opened near Katz’s home in Cannon County, Tennessee, population 16,000. “It’s not just happening in New York, San Francisco and Portland,” he says. (For the record, Mr. Katz bristles at the association of fermentation with hippiedom. “In terms of countercultural movements, I feel like punk is much more resonant,” he says. “The punk movement was all about DIY and publishing your own zine, and figuring out how to make things yourself and improvise.”) Gonzalez has noticed a change in diners’ palates toward flavours that are brighter and more acidic, like those produced by fermentation, as well as earthier and umami-rich flavours, like nutritional yeast. “People are starting to realise that these ingredients are a whole new colour palette,” he says. This group of Americans has also developed a less-sweet tooth and an appreciation of the textures imparted by grains like buckwheat and rye. “I was in a meeting last night where one person suggested making a chocolate cake recipe with fermented cabbage in it,” Madison says. As with anything counterculture edging toward the mainstream, the threat of co-option looms. Alice Waters, the Berkeley queen of local and seasonal cooking, applauds the movement away from fast and processed food, but said she was wary of how its language had been appropriated by mainstream brands. “There’s a lot of hijacking going on right now that is very disturbing,” Waters says. “I mean, they can’t quite take ‘organic,’ but they’re taking everything else.” At the restaurant level, though, hippie fare has long been “a lifestyle and a brand,” Gonzalez concedes. “You’re not just selling food,” he says. “You’re giving the promise of a healthier life, or a more enlightened meal.” Pan-griddled sweet potatoes with miso-ginger sauce Time: About 1 hour Makes 4 to 6 servings 4 sweet potatoes (about six ounces each), scrubbed 1 clove garlic, chopped 1 (1-inch) knob of fresh ginger, peeled and grated A few pinches of sugar or 2 teaspoons mirin 1 heaping tablespoon white miso 1 tablespoon unseasoned rice wine vinegar 1 tablespoon light sesame oil or other neutral oil, plus more for the pan 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil 2 teaspoons toasted black sesame seeds, for garnish Add about an inch of water to a stovetop steamer or a pot fitted with a steaming basket. Add sweet potatoes and steam until tender, 30 to 40 minutes, depending on their size. Read more Tom Hunt has the solutions to our food waste problem The history of the hot dog and other strange food tales This vending machine uses a time delay to stop you buying junk food Why you crave bad food when you're tired While sweet potatoes are cooking, make the sauce. Pound garlic and ginger in a mortar until very smooth and then stir in the sugar, miso, vinegar, sesame oils and a tablespoon of water. Halve steamed sweet potatoes lengthwise and score the cut sides in a crisscross pattern with a small knife. Heat a large skillet or grill pan over medium-high heat. When hot, add a swirl of light sesame oil (about a tablespoon), then add sweet potatoes in a single layer, cut side down, and cook for three minutes, or until their natural sugars caramelize and turn an appetising golden brown. (Depending on the shape of your potatoes, you may have to work in batches). Arrange sweet potatoes on plates or a platter and spoon sauce over them. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve alone or with any accompaniment you like. © New York Times More about: Food & Drink Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Bainbridge woman receives fake check for online sale: Police Blotter Print Email Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com By Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com Sun News on April 15, 2017 at 6:36 PM, updated April 15, 2017 at 6:45 PM comments BAINBRIDGE TOWNSHIP, Ohio -Fraud, Bainbridge Road: A customer sent a fake check to a woman for a $6,000 item offered on a website. The woman told police 12:22 p.m. April 4 that the check was issued for $2,830 more than the agreed upon price. The customer had asked the seller to cash it, then send the extra funds to another address. The seller recognized it as a fraud and destroyed the check. Joan Rusek/Special to cleveland.com  Fraud, Market Place Drive: A woman selected items from a shelf at Walmart without paying for them and returned them for a gift card 2:34 p.m. April 2. The gift card was cancelled by the store and the woman called to complain because she was trying to use it at another store. Police were able to obtain a description of her and are investigating. Disorderly, Market Place Drive: A woman walked into the Walmart store cussing 2:15 p.m. April 4. She yelled at an employee in the electronics department, then left. She was next observed yelling on her phone in the parking lot. It is not known why she was upset. Theft, Tanglewood Square: Police were called to the scene after a Giant Eagle employee was caught stealing $75 in gift cards from the store 7:40 p.m. April 14. He faces possible charges. Disorderly Conduct, Stoney Brook: Several neighbors called police 5:27 p.m. April 11 after hearing a man and woman arguing. The man, who is from out of town, was transported to a Solon motel and advised to not return to the home until the woman gets off work at her job. Weapon Offense, Lost Trail: After hearing shots fired from around the lake, a woman called police 6 p.m. April 9. Officers arrived and found the man. He was told to stop because of the close proximity to a neighbor's home. The man said he shot 18 rounds with his new firearm, but he agreed to stop. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » West Geauga news in your inbox Sign up for our West Geauga newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. West Geauga HS Sports Latest West Geauga HS News | Latest Chagrin Falls HS News | Latest Kenston HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Study says property tax elimination bill will cost middle class households more This map from the Keystone Research Center’s study indicates that high property taxes as a share of household income is primarily an eastern Pennsylvania problem. Submitted Graphic – Keystone Research Center By Evan Brandt, ebrandt@21st-centurymedia.com, @PottstownNews on Twitter Posted: 04/15/17, 5:28 PM EDT | Updated: 6 hrs ago # Comments Submitted Graphic – Keystone Research Center The property tax elimination bill likely to be taken up in Harrisburg this year is a windfall for business and wealthy school districts and will end up costing middle-class taxpayers more than they pay now in taxes, according to an independent analysis. Produced by the Keystone Research Center in Harrisburg, the study — titled “Who Pays for Property Tax Elimination?” — pulls no punches. “Far from providing relief for working families, recent proposals to eliminate school property taxes in Pennsylvania would increase taxes on the middle class while sabotaging the chance to adequately fund Pennsylvania schools for middle-and low-income families,” is the report’s very first sentence. To make up for the revenue lost by eliminating property taxes, the proposals floated last year in the General Assembly and expected to return again this year call for increasing the personal income tax from 3.07 percent to 4.95 percent and the state sales tax from 6 percent to 7 percent, as well as expand the things to which the sales tax applies, including food. Advertisement Right off the bat, that eliminates a big tax liability for business properties, which now pay a sizeable portion of school property tax — a revenue loss that must be made up by individuals, said Mark Price, the labor economist for the Budget and Policy Center and the author of the report. “That’s a big benefit for the shareholders of Wal-Mart, or Wal-Mart’s landlord,” said Price. The study has been widely criticized by the Pennsylvania Taxpayers Cyber Coalition, a group that represents dozens of grassroots organizations working to eliminate school property taxes. “As one Berks superintendent who supports HB76 said to me several weeks ago, all of these points are invalid,” said David Baldinger, PTCC coordinator. “They are simply an excuse to disguise their true concern: losing the ability to levy taxes at will and to keep their hands in the homeowners’ pockets. None of the other complaints matter or contain any truth.” The authors of the study disagree. Middle- and low-income families, which put a larger percentage of their income into things now subject to a higher sales tax, would end of paying more over the course of a year than they do now paying property taxes, Price found. “Eliminating property tax is easy to discuss in a simple form because people don’t like taxes and they get a bill each year,” said Price. So households with income between $40,000 and $63,000 would see an annual tax increase of 0.9 percent. In other words, they would pay $326 more in sales and income taxes than they would under current property tax rates, under the plans likely to be proposed. “That’s a large increase in taxes with no new revenue for schools,” said Price during a web presentation on the report. By contrast, households that earn between $215,000 and $535,000 a year would see a tax increase of only 0.1 percent under the current proposal. In addition to wealthier households seeing a smaller tax increase, their public schools would benefit the most in terms of state funding if current funding models are used. Baldinger said the Keystone Research Center has ties to labor unions, including the state’s largest teachers’ union, which opposes any change in the current property tax system. “We have put 12 years into researching and designing a fair bill that solves the education finance problem permanently and have spent 12 years building a support network and working for that bill’s enactment,” Baldinger said. “We are continuing to work for a bill that the PA Independent Fiscal Office (IFO) has vetted twice and the Anderson Economic Group has analyzed once and both have declared it viable.” The most recent proposals promise to replace local property tax revenue with state revenues, meaning wealthier districts that choose to raise their property taxes to benefit their schools, would now see their property taxes disappear and the higher cost of their education spread among all state taxpayers through sales and income taxes. For example, “affluent Lower Merion School District in Montgomery County would receive 22 times as much in state funds for school property tax elimination ($23,219 per student) as the high-poverty Reading School District in Berks County ($1,034 per student),” the report notes. In the 125 most affluent school districts, state funding would average $10,703 per student as opposed to the $3,721 the 125 poorest school districts would receive. “That’s a poorly designed method of distributing state funds,” Price said. That would be reversed, however, if the “fair funding formula” adopted last year — which takes into account things like poverty, special education population and local tax effort — were to be applied to the entire state education revenue stream instead of just 6 percent, as is the case this year. In that case, the 125 highest-poverty districts would receive $12,647 per student, while the wealthiest districts only $3,107 per student. The fair funding formula is Pennsylvania’s attempt to “reverse the persistent failure over the past 16 years for the state to make an increasing contribution to fund education,” said Price. Pennsylvania currently ranks 46th in the nation for state contributions to education and ranks number one in the gap between rich and poor districts. Without using the fair funding formula for all state funds, property tax elimination is “simply a tax shift and the burden still largely falls on local taxpayers and feeds the inequality,” Price said. That means without any change in the way the state distributes education funding, eliminating property taxes would see “families in the moderate income rural and urban communities that pay the biggest increases in taxes, would pay the price again, with their children’s educational opportunities permanently compromised by changes like large classroom sizes, a lack of full-day kindergarten and fewer or no arts or AP classes,” the report concludes. The Keystone Research Center gets a portion of its funding from organized labor groups, according to information posted on its website, and many of its board members are affiliated with labor unions across Pennsylvania, including the state’s largest teachers’ union. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 4/15/17 - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith California and Trump’s Feds Headed to Major Clash on Immigration - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith Why You Can’t Have a Shorter Workweek - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/14/17 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/13/2017 Posted on April 13, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Politics Realignment and Legitimacy GA-06: “[Ossoff’s] campaign has spent more than $5.3 million on radio, TV and cable ads since late February. He can afford it: He’s raised more than $8.3 million and spent the bulk of it on advertisements introducing himself, vowing he’ll stand up to Donald Trump and countering attack ads” [Atlanta Journal-Constitution]. Recall that Thompson couldn’t get the Democrats to give him $20K for a mailer. DNC Deckchair Perez: “We need a 50-state strategy plus the territories, and that’s what we talked about down in Atlanta last week.” Really? When does it start? GA-06: “Georgia’s 6th congressional district, which covers much of Atlanta’s northern suburbs, including parts of Cobb, DeKalb and Fulton counties, is exactly the type of district Democrats will be eyeing as they seek to take back the lower chamber: An affluent district in a Sunbelt suburb that has backed Republicans for decades but where Trump significantly underperformed Mitt Romney in November” [Heavy]. In other words, Clinton’s post-Convention pivot to appeal to suburban Republicans all over again. (Here, the Times reinforces this message.) GA-06: “The district is white collar, educated and doing well economically, with median household incomes of $80,000 versus $50,000 statewide, and nearly 60 percent of adults holding a college or professional degree, more than twice the statewide average. It is also increasingly diverse, and in recent years became a magnet for well-educated immigrants from India and other parts of Asia” [Reuters]. As above. GA-06: “Jon Ossoff, a Democrat running in a suburban Atlanta district that once elected Newt Gingrich and which has voted only for Republicans for Congress since 1978, has captured liberal Californians’ political imaginations — and their checkbooks. He’s raked in $8.2 million in the past three months, almost all from outside of Georgia, thanks to a strong anti-Trump message. And he’s reported more individual contributions from the Bay Area than from his entire home state” [San Jose Mercury-News]. I’m surprised I haven’t seen the words “California carpetbaggers” in the Republican advertising… GA-06: “On the economy, Ossoff says he will create ‘forward-looking, fiscally responsible economic policy that maximizes opportunity for entrepreneurs, workers, and investors'” [Cosmopolitan]. Neoliberal bafflegab. I’m shocked. GA-06: “There’s certainly some irony in the fact that this supposed beacon of the Trump resistance is actually running as a pragmatic centrist, stressing that ‘cutting wasteful spending is not a partisan issue’ and ‘both parties in Washington waste too much of your money'” [The New Republic]. Irony? What irony? UPDATE KS-04: “Democrats Say They Sometimes Need To Ignore Elections In Order To Win” [HuffPo]. The headline is accurate: “‘You do not get to the single digits in a district like this if you’re a nationalized Democrat,’ said Meredith Kelly, the communications director for the [DCCC]. ‘End of story. That’s just the way it is. There are just certain races where it is not helpful to be attached to the national D.C. Democrats. It is the calculation you make in even the most competitive swing district.'” First, Meredith needs to talk to Tom about that 50-state strategy. Second, the DCCC can’t even manage to launder $20K for a mailer? WTF? UPDATE “Daily Kos Is Back” [HuffPo]. Markos offers a similar rationalization to Kelly’s: “Editorially, we refused to take sides when it really would’ve been easier to do so. Too many organizations on our side took the easy way out and worked to build their memberships by tapping into the Sanders movement.” Statesman-like. If we have any Kos readers in the commentariat, I’d be interested to see what they have to say about that, but I think it’s time to link once more to this truly classic post: “In The Vaults Where The Dry Powder Is Stored.” “Why Americans Vote ‘Against Their Interest’: Partisanship” [New York Times]. ” Party affiliation has become an all-encompassing identity that outweighs the details of specific policies… Economic status, it turns out, is not so important in partisanship. “Class in American politics, rich vs. poor, is just not a very good predictor of party identification,” Ms. Lee said. For both rich and poor Americans, other identities take precedence.” And that’s just how the Times likes it! “Katie, Remember Us When” [Credit Slips]. “Katie is leaving Credit Slips is to focus her efforts on her recently announced candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives in California’s 45th Congressional District.” More on Porter, who’s running as a Democrat. UPDATE “Meet The Democratic Socialist Running For City Council In Brooklyn” [Gothamist]. On the Green Party ticket. “DSA, the largest socialist organization in the country, has gained national momentum with its anti-capitalist platform since Donald Trump won the presidential election and, as organizers put it, ‘used racism to divide working people.'” UPDATE This (very long) thread where people tweet on “How I became a leftist” is intriguing: Quote [or reply to] this tweet w/ what brought u towards a radical leftist critique of the system. And where were u politically before that? — TayGo (@taygogo) April 12, 2017 Stats Watch Jobless Claims, week of April 8, 2016: “Initial jobless claims continue to surprise to the downside” [Econoday]. And: “This marks 108 consecutive weeks of initial claims below 300,000, the longest streak since 1970″[Econintersect]. And: “below the consensus forecast” [Calculated Risk]. Consumer Sentiment (Preliminary), April 2017: “[S]howing new strength” [Econoday]. “Strength is centered in the current assessment… This offers a positive indication for April consumer spending. Expectations are also higher… signal confidence in the jobs outlook… The report notes that divergence in its sample between Republicans and Democrats has fully narrowed on the current assessment but remains unusually wide on expectations where Republicans see strength and Democrats weakness… The 17-year high on the current conditions index, at a time when consumer spending is weak and GDP soft, is a reminder that high confidence readings have yet to translate to economic strength.” And: “The partisan expectations do not appear to have had an impact on current spending” [Economic Calendar]. Bloomberg Consumer Comfort Index, week of April 9, 2017: “[B]ack at its best levels in March” [Econoday]. “Strength in confidence readings ultimately points to strength in the jobs outlook.” Or it’s another survey that turns out not to be reflected in real data. Producer Price Index (Final Demand), March 2017: “[M]ore subdued than expected” [Econoday]. “The lack of pressure in services points to a general lack of price traction consistent with sluggish demand. Today’s report may lower expectations for tomorrow’s consumer price report.” And: “Mostly the data shows Producer Price data was treading water. In general, it is goods that remains on an inflation surge trend whilst services inflation has been generally unchanged over the last year. This month’s inflation data is better than expectations” [Econintersect]. Shipping: “North European shippers of heavylift and out-of-gauge cargo to the Middle East and Asia are being told by container lines there is no hope of shipment before June” [The Loadstar]. Time for the AN-225s! That is, the AN-225; only one has been built…. Shipping: “Surging trade at U.S. ports isn’t translating into a stronger trucking market, with some of the industry’s biggest fleets warning of smaller-than-expected first-quarter profits” [Wall Street Journal]. “Excess capacity has plagued the trucking industry, making it difficult for fleets to raise the rates they charge retailers, manufacturers and other shippers even when freight volumes rise.” Supply Chain: “Amazon.com Inc. has joined a truck-driver on-boarding portal that will allow it to recruit thousands of owner-operators to haul for Amazon’s last-mile delivery services” [DC Velocity]. Hope the working conditions are better than warehousing. Or Uber. Retail: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is betting its physical stores will give it a leg up on Amazon.com Inc. as the two retail giants battle for online sales. Wal-Mart will start offering discounts on some online orders if customers agree to pick them up in stores” [Wall Street Journal]. Retail: “Burger King is launching a TV ad that triggers Google Home devices, and it has a potentially disastrous flaw” [Business Insider]. “The 15-second ad triggers Google devices with the command, ‘Ok Google, what is the Whopper burger?’ The ad’s command got our Google Home speaker — sent to us by Burger King — to recite the definition of a Whopper burger from its Wikipedia page…. Here’s where we encountered the major flaw with Burger King’s ad. Someone had edited the Whopper’s Wikipedia page to say that the burger is made of a ‘medium-sized child,’ instead of beef patty, and that it contains the toxic chemical Cyanide.” https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-12/curious-case-of-the-billion-dollar-lithium-mine-sold-for-a-song?cmpid=socialflow-twitter-business&utm_content=business&utm_campaign=socialflow-organic&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social Commodities: “Curious Case of Billion-Dollar Lithium Mine Sold for a Song” [Bloomberg]. The Bezzle: “Wells Fargo, Banned From Bond Work, Wins California Deal Anyway” [Bloomberg] The Bezzle: “Top federal Wells Fargo inspector removed” [CNN]. Honey for the Bears: “The retail apocalypse is having a terrifying impact on one corner of Wall Street” [Business Insider]. “Nobody is predicting anything [as dire as the Crash] today, but CMBSs, which Morgan Stanley says account for nearly 10% of the $3.6 trillion commercial real-estate mortgage market, work similarly. They pool debt payments from several malls or other commercial properties and then splice them so that investors can buy the segment and take on the kind of risk they want.” Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 28 Fear (previous close: 28, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 43 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Apr 13 at 12:09pm. Our Famously Free Press “A new survey from BuzzFeed News and Ipsos Public Affairs also found that 54% of American adults trust news they see on Facebook ‘only a little’ or ‘not at all’ [Buzzfeed]. The article includes these charts. The first, on which posts are “news”: And the second, on “why don’t you trust the news you see on Facebook”? All in all, what I see in the charts is that Americans are reasonably discerning “consumers” of “news,” which does rather contradict the moral panic over “fake news.” Indeed, given that Americans tend to regard branded (“traditional”) news as the most trustworthy, it would seem that any problems with Facebook mis- or disinforming the public should begin with the news brands, and not with obscure sites or this week’s macédoine of offshore hackage, as indeed we see with the United story, where major venues can’t even agree on a basic timeline for a single, discrete incident. Health Care “There’s a growing movement of surgery centers and specialists that list their prices and don’t take insurance” [Business Insider]. “[M]ore than 60 percent of the [medical debt] complaints made one of the following contentions: that the debt wasn’t owed in the first place, that it had already been paid or had been discharged in bankruptcy, or that it wasn’t verified as debt the consumer actually owed” [New York Times]. Water “Jerry Brown’s administration blocks public review of Oroville Dam records” [Sacramento Bee]. “Gov. Jerry Brown’s administration is using federal security regulations written to thwart terrorism to deny public access to records that experts say could guide repairs to the Oroville Dam and provide insight into what led to the near catastrophic failure of its emergency spillway. The administration also is blocking public review of records that would show how Brown’s office handled the February crisis at Oroville Dam that led to the two-day evacuation of nearly 200,000 Northern Californians.” Well, well, well…. “Oroville Dam spillway: Here’s where things stand now” [KCRA]. A status report. Dam geeks? “What is the volume of water in lakes on Earth? Using a mathematical analysis, researcher David Seekell, at Umeå University, and his American collaborators now suggest that the mean depth of lakes is 30 per cent lower than previously estimated. Shallower lakes implies less fresh water and has consequences for our understanding of climate change and the carbon cycle” [Phys.org]. “After more than 20 years of mapping the need for a deep-water storage reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee, the Florida Senate voted 36-3 Wednesday for an ambitious proposal that will set in motion the $1.5 billion project” [Miami Herald]. “Oklahoma’s drinking water is at risk from fracking, new report finds” [Think Progress]. Gaia “TransCanada shuts down Keystone after oil seeps to surface” [National Observer]. “‘My understanding is that it was a passerby that observed it and called the company,’ said Nelson, chairman of the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission. If confirmed, this would mean that the company’s leak detection system failed to identify the incident.” Class Warfare “Why Socialists Should Believe in Human Nature” [Jacobin]. “The slogan is not, ‘Workers of the world unite, you have nothing to lose but your chains. Unless, in some cultures, people like being in chains, in which case, we demand that those people be allowed to keep their chains.'” “BlackRock CEO Fink Says Trump Listens to Business Leaders” [Wall Street Journal]. “‘He is embracing business,’ said Mr. Fink, a longtime Democrat, at a dinner Wednesday hosted by the Economic Club of Washington, D.C. ‘I do strongly believe he is listening.'” Trump is an oligarch. Of course he’s listening to business! “KY justice secretary responds to frustrations from medical examiners” [WKYT]. “[Justice and Public Safety Secretary John Tilley] said much of the problem is the ripple effects from a tidal wave of overdose deaths. ‘Our medical examiners are inundated with heroin overdose deaths. The frustrations are high and the resources are low,’ Tilley said.” “A college professor has promised to consume only water and sports drinks after the university’s president overrode a nearly unanimous decision to grant him tenure” {Business Insider]. Administrators…. News of the Wired “Five inmates from the Marion Correctional Institution (MCI) built two computers from spare parts, hid them in the ceiling of a training room closet, and used them to hack into the prison’s network” [Bleeping Computer]. Impressive. Shows initiative. “We’re finding that aesthetic images can induce staggering changes to the body, including radical reductions in the observer’s stress levels” [The Conversation]. The story hook is fractals, and fractals are cool, but the effect of aesthetics is my takeaway. “The impact of nature’s aesthetics is surprisingly powerful. In the 1980s, architects found that patients recovered more quickly from surgery when given hospital rooms with windows looking out on nature. Other studies since then have demonstrated that just looking at pictures of natural scenes can change the way a person’s autonomic nervous system responds to stress.” Important! * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (KR): KR writes: “Back yard on a spring day.” * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00000 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on April 13, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← The Failure of Austerity in the Great Recession Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying → Subscribe to Post Comments 215 comments diptherio April 13, 2017 at 2:06 pm I know this proposal is maybe a bit pie-in-the-sky, but it’s interesting as an indication of the zeitgeist and some of the positive ways in which it’s…uh…geisting… How could users feasibly own & govern a tech platform like Twitter? Tune into our Platform Co-op Roundtable in 1 hr: shareable.net/ZUs twitter.com/Shareable/status/852582341042200576 Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 2:06 pm US drops ‘largest non-nuclear bomb’ for first time in Afghanistan area populated by Isis members NeoCon in sheep’s clothing. Reply ↓ ChrisFromGeorgia April 13, 2017 at 2:17 pm With a one-mile blast radius, it is pretty certain that sucker caused some “collateral damage.” As I think the Saker put it, Trump has achieved war criminal status in record time. Reply ↓ RUKIdding April 13, 2017 at 2:23 pm Less than 100 days. Guess the reports that Trump was the anti-War POTUS were, uh, great exaggerated. Wonder his cut is with this bombing. I’m sure he’s making serious money on this. I’m equally sure that the CIA ensured this did minimal damage to the poppy fields. Collateral damage to humans doesn’t matter. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs April 13, 2017 at 2:43 pm Wasn’t it day two Trump ordered the Yemen war crime… where among other things the seal team took out an eight year old American girl? The big tell to me. Well, that and his love of torture during his campaign. Reply ↓ RUKidding April 13, 2017 at 3:00 pm Gah. Yeah. That was the big tell. So much crazy going on that I shudder to admit that I forgot about Yemen. OMG. Too many distractions is the goal & it’s working. Ugh. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 13, 2017 at 3:21 pm It’s totally fitting, appropriate and symbolic that as Trump’s bombs go off in Syria and Quagmire Afghanistan, the 535 Kongress Klowns whose constitutional responsibility it is to declare war are ON VACATION. Most of them are hunkered in their bunkers with trusted campaign sponsors, as the peasants they “represent” march in the street with their pitchforks and flickering torches. The rest are probably in Israel on junkets. MAGA, comrades: Make America Gag Again. Reply ↓ jrs April 13, 2017 at 3:41 pm let them stay on vacation forever, they’d just be passing their horrible budget (the domestic “bomb” to go alongside the foreign policy bombs) if they were there. Reply ↓ RWood April 13, 2017 at 6:03 pm They are observing the prince of peace passing. Reply ↓ GF April 13, 2017 at 6:52 pm Jim Haygood April 13, 2017 at 3:21 pm Our other esteemed senator from here in AZ is giving a live streamed town hall tonight at 10:00 PM Eastern time. He is running again next year and has been hounded for months to have this town hall. So, an opportunity to see democracy in action. https://livestream.com/accounts/13432480/events/7263054 Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 3:55 pm Yes the Yemen raid that was planned under Obama. Plus ca change and all that. Of course during the campaign Trump did claim he would be the anti intervention candidate–when he wasn’t threatening to bomb the sh*t out of Isis–just as Obama in 2008 said he would scale back American intervention but was “convinced” to do otherwise once in office. PBS just ran a two parter on America and WW1. Wilson’s 1916 slogan: “he kept us out of war.” The guy who came up with the slogan then led the pro-war propaganda campaign a year later. As Big Daddy says in that Tennessee Williams play: “too much mendacity!” Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 13, 2017 at 7:55 pm “I detect the powerful odor of mendacity…” (Let’s give T. Williams the full credit due) On the road, not to Damascus, but to the realization by a majority of Americans that their entire country is one big fat lie. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 11:28 pm Thanks for the help. Obviously my lame paraphrase wasn’t doing Cat on a Hot Tin Roof justice. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 13, 2017 at 8:20 pm To paraphrase the sloshed Paul Newman’s retort – “That’s right Big Daddy. Mendacity is a system that we live in.” Reply ↓ JCC April 13, 2017 at 9:44 pm “There ain’t nothin’ more powerful than the odor of mendacity… You can smell it. It smells like death.” – – Big Daddy In many forms, and in many places. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money April 14, 2017 at 12:56 am The odor of mendacity – cradle to grave, is so pervasive that like any bad smell which, after the initial shock, becomes hardly noticeable to the majority after lengthy exposure. Reply ↓ BeliTsari April 13, 2017 at 9:03 pm I wonder if his National Security conferences resemble Bobby De Niro as Al Capone? We used to use BLU-82B daisycutters to clear LZs during Vietnam? Now, perhaps we can simply build YOOJ classy Casino resorts, with golden ̶c̶r̶u̶c̶i̶f̶i̶x̶ Ts, once all of the terrorists are CRUSHED. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermobaric_weapon#Effect http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/syria-chemical-attack-al-qaeda-played-donald-trump_us_58ea226fe4b058f0a02fca4d http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/10/afghanistan-43-percent-rise-estimated-opium-harvest-161023074029664.html Reply ↓ Gary April 13, 2017 at 3:14 pm If this is the ordinance I am thinking of, it explodes a mile or so above ground like a nuclear bomb and creates a sudden vortex that causes your insides to implode. It was never used in Iraq because it was deemed to cruel even by Dick Chaney standards. It probably will do minimal damage to the poppy fields. Whom ever said “homo homini lupus” owes an apology to wolves. Reply ↓ RUKidding April 13, 2017 at 3:24 pm Oh great. Deemed too cruel by Darth Cheney by happily embraced by the current psychopath in the White House. Good to know. Reply ↓ River April 13, 2017 at 4:53 pm Probably not because it was too cruel. MOABs weren’t developed until 2007. So Dick didn’t have them. They did use Daisy Cutters in 1991 and beginning 2001 Iraq/Afghanistan. Which are “only” half-strength. Reply ↓ RMO April 13, 2017 at 6:30 pm They were developed and produced in 2003. Reply ↓ redleg April 13, 2017 at 9:06 pm They were originally developed in the Vietnam war. Very unusual delivery system. It’s been a long time, but I’m not sure if military training programs are unclassified or not. Reply ↓ bob April 13, 2017 at 10:07 pm There’s nothing new about the MOAB. It’s the same shit they’ve been using since the 1940’s. High explosive. What’s new, according to the guys selling them, is that they built a bigger one. More HE. That’s it. Why didn’t they build a bigger one sooner? Because it’s impractical. What if Raytheon comes out tomorrow with the Grandmother of all bombs- 50,000 lbs of HE in a shipping container. “OMG- it’s unholy!’ Yup, and just a “barrel bomb”. This is a defense contractor ad campaign. The one “new” bit to the Moab is what they case it in- Hardened steel. But again, this goes back to the WW2 days. They used gun barrels at that time. The hardened steel helps the bomb dig deeper before exploding. It’s still not very good at digging. And, again, nothing new. Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 12:23 am I just looked it up again. The Moab is not hardened. It’s just more HE in one bomb than is practical. Why is it impractical? You also have a have a big, heavy, slow target carry it. I’m still waiting for someone to propose a great grandmother of all bombs GGMOAB, a railcar with 100 tons of HE. It’s impractical in the sense that it needs a railroad to be built before it can be delivered. Next up- GGGMOAB- 150 tons of HE on a barge. A bargain at 50 million. Just add a river, and it’s there…. Reply ↓ skippy April 14, 2017 at 12:38 am As we both know its not dropped to go bang and blow stuff up on a huge scale like atomics…. its dropped to change atmospheric pressure and the results of that… disheveled… sorta like that vid sent to Milosevic when he thought hiding tanks in tunnels would produce punitive western casualties…. Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 1:58 am I just found the one I was looking for- Grand slam bomb- the brits, almost the same amount of HE, and thus- blast. In 1944. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Slam_bomb The worst bit is this- ” Like the Tallboy, because of the low rate of production and consequent high value of each bomb, aircrews were told to land with their unused bombs on board rather than jettison them into the sea if a sortie was aborted.[8]” Not only did they make the pilots TAKE OFF with that damn thing, if they survived that, they might have to try to land with it? Fiscal responsibility. Another own goal opportunity. Every time I see the “outrage”, I see another defense contractor getting paid. Edward E April 13, 2017 at 4:57 pm Careful, my take on it, a missile or bomb strike a day helps keep a President Mike Pence away. Reply ↓ bob April 13, 2017 at 9:55 pm You’re thinking of a hyperbaric/thermobaric bomb. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermobaric_weapon They use natural gas. They’re not that tech. They just seed the air with methane, then light a match. The ‘yield’ of them is the subject of much debate. The one big problem is that they create a massive EMF, that frys any electronics. Not good for any tech infrastructure. One of those “own goal” prone weapons. Yea, yea…the US has shielded everything. You wanna be the person to test that theory, from 30,000 feet? They are, from reports, probably “over the line”. What line that is is increasingly becoming harder to see. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 13, 2017 at 11:23 pm Here’s one writeup on the rooskie FOAB. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/heres-the-father-of-all-bombs-russias-answer-to-the-moab/ar-BBzOsmO?ocid=spartanntp The “Father of All Bombs,” (FOAB) is four times bigger than the MOAB. It’s a thermobaric bomb with a destruction radius of nearly 1,000 feet and a blast yield of nearly 44 tons of TNT. Plenty of errors for a short article. For one, the US “MOAB” named version is supposed be like 20 tons of TNT so daddy is twice as big. Altho the Rooskie one supposedly weighs less. But Western Intel doubts the Russian specs. Either one is plain old chemical explosives, but the Russian one claims to make a bigger bang because they mixed in some new ingredients that burn twice as hot. The idea with these things is that the super hot burning in the warhead makes a heat driven shockwave that is intense and can cause damage for miles, because it is detonated before hitting the ground. Comparing them with a barrel bomb is rather silly. They weigh 20,000 pounds, and no one builds them in thier back yard. Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 2:23 am ” They weigh 20,000 pounds, and no one builds them in thier back yard.” They were built by Very Serious People in Very Serious Places. They are still gravity bombs. Drop HE from the plane, gravity does the rest. Some sort of “guidance” in the Moab, but I gotta wonder how much you can steer a 20,000 lb anything, in freefall, with “fins”. I know, it’s Precision. The P adds at least a few million, and Moral Superiority when you’re delivering 3 times the HE. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 8:33 am The real problem is it would take a Trebuchet 2/3 the height of the former World Trade Center to launch these mof*cks. Reply ↓ Propertius April 14, 2017 at 3:49 am By what possible physical mechanism does a thermobaric bomb “create a massive EMF”? Reply ↓ Rosario April 13, 2017 at 5:33 pm Trump may have beat Obama by the number of days but Obama receiving the Nobel Peace prize before his mandatory presidential rampage is impossible to beat in my opinion. Reply ↓ Katharine April 13, 2017 at 3:17 pm Yes. From the Guardian on the same topic: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/13/us-military-drops-non-nuclear-bomb-afghanistan-islamic-state >Designed for destroying underground targets but not itself a deep-earth penetrator weapon, the GBU-43/B has the explosive yield of more than 11 tons of TNT. The massive bomb is dropped from air force planes and detonates before reaching the ground, resulting in an enormous blast radius. Only the Massive Ordnance Penetrator GBU-57, which has never been used in war, is a larger conventional weapon. >The psychological effect on survivors or observers is considered an added impact of the weapon. So psychological damage is an intended consequence, but they’re sure they haven’t harmed any civilians. Right. Reply ↓ paul April 13, 2017 at 3:33 pm But it isn’t deadly poison gas! Reply ↓ bob April 13, 2017 at 9:49 pm Wow, it’s all about selling these days huh? That bomb is closer to a “barrel bomb”. It’s 22,000 lbs of explosive. No one ever thought to make one that big before because you can’t attach that kind of weight to most planes, and have them fly. This is just an ad campaign for 1940 x 2.2. Nothing new, only the idea that you can do something with one bomb that 2 can’t do. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 13, 2017 at 10:35 pm Oooh, MOAB like Evil Barrel Bombs! How about a little digging into what “barrel bombs” actually are: a couple of hundred pounds of explosives and rag-tag shrapnel, with a fuse lit from a cigar in the cargo area of a Russian-designed “Hip” helicopter and pushed out by a nervous Syrian enlisted man, at heights above 7,000 feet since US -supplied MANPADS missiles make the kind of low-altitude “precision bombing” done earlier in the conflict decidedly unhealthy for the bombardier. Here’s a substantive explanation, http://brown-moses.blogspot.com/2013/12/syrias-barrel-bomb-technology-relative.html, for anyone wanting to get past the “scare quote” level of understanding what these ad-hoc do-it-yourself munitions actually are. Put that up against the MOAB, a weapon just waiting (like so many other Great American Battlespace Innovations) for a place to use it, to “prove the concept,” and prime the production line and move the product out the distribution chain… It’s all, in the end, about body counts anyway. And for tonight’s laugher from the idiots making war on the landscape in Notagain?istan, here it is: “As ISIS-K’s losses have mounted, they are using IEDs, bunkers, and tunnels to thicken their defense,” Gen. John Nicholson, commander of US forces in Afghanistan, said in the statement. “This is the right munition to reduce these obstacles and maintain the momentum of our offensive against ISIS-K.” Say again, General: What is the mission? Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 12:02 am “How about a little digging into what “barrel bombs” actually are: a couple of hundred pounds of explosives and rag-tag shrapnel,” How is that different that the MOAB? Because the US mil pays more. A moab is just HE plus metal, plus a giant profit for defense contracting middle men. A barrel bomb is HE plus metal. Is the problem here -the “morality” – that the barrel forgot to pay a kickback? Does the morality increase its yield? Or is it the selling that rids the bomb of any semblance of reality? Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 14, 2017 at 9:34 am MOAB = 22,000 pounds of explosive, not dependent on shrapnel for effect but the collapsing of structures and the destruction of living humans by crushing their internal organs via “overpressure”, lying about waiting for “just the right target” so the procurers and brave Generals and Colonels in their Battlespace Manager ergonomic chairs can pat themselves on the back for a successful procurement, and “asymmetric deployment”. Kill the Wogs! Kill the Wogs! OO-RAH! “Barrel bomb” = 200 to 300 pounds of explosive, plus shrapnel, part of the constant drumbeat of Booms in places that used to be cities, some of them pretty healthy and beautiful in their way. “Deployed” frequently, part of the mass idiocy that is “conflict.” “Allahuh Akhbar! Allahuh Akhbar!” A lot more “civilians” killed by barrel bombs, but if one goes to statistics, one MOAB = claimed “200 ISIS-K” body count per strike, with the potential to kill tens of thousands per detonation. I bet the “barrel bombs” don’t average or mean out to 10% of that, though the total is (:who knows, “fog of war” and who cares about “collateral damage” or unity civilians intentionally killed? The Empire sure doesn’t — that real “first responders” from “our” side, War Department “spokespersons” and battle damage estimators, are tasked with denying, obfuscating, blaming and deflecting through a couple of news cycles. Takes some going to put them in the same category. On the “morality” consideration, both suck, both display the vast human capacity to invent interesting ways to kill other humans. I might give the immorality edge to the MOAB and its associated death merchants, just on volume, and intent, and that vast indifference to anything but producing ever more exotic and expensive and lethal devices. Mopes don’t matter. Though the pretext is “humanitarian.” “Protect”? My aching patoot. A plague on all of us, for being what we are to each other… Reply ↓ bob April 13, 2017 at 9:42 pm “With a one-mile blast radius” Bullshit. Who ever said that is either selling them, or part of the fake news problem. It may have been big, but not that big. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 13, 2017 at 10:39 pm Hey, for those wanting to try their hand at simulating a MOAB detonation over a personally disliked area (Pentagon, south end of Manhattan, [unnamed state capitol]), this article and the links therein will give you the thrill a mission planner gets at his Battlespace Manager station, as he or she lays out the scenarios… http://www.businessinsider.com/effect-of-moab-bomb-on-new-york-city-2017-4 And “blast radius” simulation does not include the effects on the bodies of people within the weapon’s range — anyone that’s ever been near a reasonable-sized detonation and survived, knows that the internal organs like lungs take a pretty bad pounding, often resulting in bleeding and, you know, death. Half a mile, one mile, big difference, right? Reply ↓ bob April 13, 2017 at 11:52 pm Neither of those- one mile, half a mile, for a “kill radius”, let alone a blast radius. Much less. It has a “yield” of 22,000 pounds of TNT. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GBU-43/B_Massive_Ordnance_Air_Blast_bomb It’s 11 tons of HE. Fat Man, of WW2 fame- 21,000 tons of HE equivalent, and a 1-2 mile “blast radius” So, 21,000 tons of HE to get a blast 1-2 miles wide. How far does 11 tons get you toward that 1-2 miles? 11 / 22,000 less than .0001 percent of the size of Fat Man’s yield DOES NOT EQUAL a one mile blast radius. Not even half a mile. Back when the military was about actually blowing shit up, instead of trying to sell shit, they found they could do a whole lot more damage with (10) 2,000 lb bombs. which equals 10 tons of HE, a little less than a MOTHER OF ALL BOMBS!!!! Most WW2 bombers took off with more HE on them. Are they as evil as a MOAB? Does splitting up the HE make it less evil? Yes? Then what about “cluster bombs”? What about the act of making 20,000 lbs of HE fit into more or less “bombs” makes it more or less evil? I can’t follow the math here. Is there an equation? Outrage advertising for the defense contractors. Selling WW2 “TNT” for a 12000% markup- because it pisses idiots off! Less effective use. More bang. Sounds like a winner, get marketing on it! Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 12:44 am WW2 B-29 bomb capacity- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_B-29_Superfortress 20,000 pounds. So not more than a MOAB, but about the same. The HE that was then spread across 10 or 20 bombs, put into one. Just wrapped up in one jacket. “Progress general! We’ve been able to duplicate what we were able to do during WW2” “That’s not very good. You know it’s 2017, right? WW2 was over 70 years ago, that’s not much progress” “but we named it “the mother of all bombs”, it’s really scary, you know, like your mother in law?” “har-de-har-har, SOLD! We get that at WW2 prices, right?” “You have quite a sense of humor. Of course not, it’s much scarier” Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 12:51 am I’ll keep going- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Atomics_MQ-9_Reaper The go to US drone- 3,000 lb capacity. What’s the morality quotient of 1 MOAB to 4 Reapers? Reply ↓ Propertius April 14, 2017 at 3:43 am t’s 11 tons of HE. Fat Man, of WW2 fame- 21,000 tons of HE equivalent, and a 1-2 mile “blast radius” So, 21,000 tons of HE to get a blast 1-2 miles wide. How far does 11 tons get you toward that 1-2 miles? 11 / 22,000 The radius for a given overpressure scales as the cube root of the yield. So, the overpressure produced by a MOAB at 0.081 miles would be roughly the same as the overpressure produced by Fat Man (the 21kT Nagasaki bomb) at 1 mile. That’s a little over 425 feet. How that translates to actual blast damage on the ground also depends on the detonation altitude (which was 500 meters for Fat Man). Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 14, 2017 at 9:45 am Glad that’s all settled, crushed humans at 0.081 miles and broken windows at 1 mile, in the neutral science of weaponry, and it is now ok, because the ice is broken so to speak, to “use” more of these things to “continue the momentum of the Coallition Mission” in Notagainistan. I do look forward to the eventual videos from the scene. And any leakage of accurate reporting on actual effects. If for no other reason than to make liars out of the procurers and deployers, who following the trail blazed by Bomber Harris and the Air Force, vastly overstate the effects and efficacy of Air Power. Basic point for me is that it’s all fokked. Just like the stuff I saw and was part of in Vietnam. “Wir konnen nich anders…” Reply ↓ bob April 15, 2017 at 12:35 am It’s a completely useless weapon. It’s hard to deliver, and it’s not “better” at anything than what the US already has. It’s just really really big, and it makes the “left” squeamish. That second part is the seller. Just like with gunz. I still haven’t found any more details on it, just bomb porn. It’s the most boring kind of porn out there. They don’t have any story, no context, just the money shot. Over, and over and over…. I’d bet they had to deliver it on a day when the weather was ideal. They also had to be sure the deliverees were not capable of even rudimentary AA. They probably had to walk it in with the plane, before dropping it. A giant target, moving very slowly, filled with HE. Based on the money shot, it was a good weather day. The very short time of the video could also be proof that it was delivered very close to the target by the c-130. They very well could have had to get within the range of a TOW, or an rpg, both of which could have, with a very lucky shot, turned the c-130 into the largest “own goal” ever. Small arms fire, with incendiary or tracer rounds are probably not a negligible threat when you’re trying to carry that damn thing. Reply ↓ bob April 15, 2017 at 12:57 am The “problem” with big blasts has always been that because its in only one spot when it blows, a very large bit of blast goes up, and away from your target. Very inefficient. That’s the cube. How much more blast do you need to go one more meter out in blast radius? This isn’t quite right, because there are other “secondary” effects that can take place at altitudes above the ground. If you’re trying to get rid of anything on the ground, you’re better off with numerous smaller blasts. They stay closer to the ground. Reply ↓ bob April 15, 2017 at 1:20 am The nuke test videos are a great way to see blast. In one of the newly released videos, you can plainly see the blast wave form. The “ground effect” is where the blast is at the “perfect” altitude for the “bubble” formed by the blast to “bounce” off the earth. It results not only in a overpressure, but also an underpressure, then another overpressure. Some test films have captured this. The debris get knocked camera left, then sucked back camera right, then pushed camera left again. It’s something they were actively trying to engineer with the tests. It’s also very difficult to get to happen, even under ideal conditions. The yield and the altitude have to be perfect. The ground also has to be flat. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 13, 2017 at 2:18 pm “Someone had edited the Whopper’s Wikipedia page to say that the burger is made of a ‘medium-sized child.'” Likely true in the secret Burger King located in the bowels of the Mt Weather COG [Continuity of Government] center. Made of the tenderest Afghan ‘beef.’ Reply ↓ MoiAussie April 13, 2017 at 4:20 pm It gets better. A selection of other recent edits to the Wikipedia Whopper page: The Whopper is the worst hamburger product sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain Burger King The Whopper is the cancer-causing hamburger product sold by… Whoppers are malted milk balls covered with artificial “chocolatey coating” produced by The Hershey Company The Whopper is a juicy 100 percent rat meat and toenail clipping hamburger product Reply ↓ RWood April 13, 2017 at 6:09 pm Wait a minute! ‘The tv ad triggers’, right? Where’s the geraldmcboingboing report? Is this like this? Trigger Facebook Ads Automatically https://woobox.com/triggers Reply ↓ RUKIdding April 13, 2017 at 2:27 pm The other question is: will Democratic voters be “upset” over this because Trump is a putative “Republican”?? Because I think they would’ve happily rationalized it in some way if Hillary was in charge. Yeah: I’m totally jaded. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 2:33 pm I already had this exchange on twitter: Person: He is a fucking desperate, dangerous person who will have us in a major war…without allies. Me: Oh, so bombing brown people would have been just fine if Killary got some buy in from Europe? She would have had us in war on day 2. Reply ↓ Biph April 13, 2017 at 4:45 pm Both are awful and during the election reasonable people could disagree on who was more awful. Regardless of what HRC would’ve done Trump is more awful now because he is in the White House. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 8:53 pm Not at all what I was saying. I was mocking his willingness to be onboard for bombing poor people if only we can get some friends to drop a couple bombs too…. like that matters in the slightest. Reply ↓ Biph April 13, 2017 at 10:21 pm I was responding to your last sentence, my bad should’ve made that clear. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 13, 2017 at 3:56 pm Whoops, America — it appears Russia has out-bombed you again! “We” have the “MOAB,” rendered by creepy GIs as the Mother of All Bombs, but the ever-competitive Rooskies have apparently fielded the “Father of All Bombs,” reportedly four (4) times as explosive as the MOAB (known in milbabble as the GBU 43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast. Here’s some details of both, including effects: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Father_of_All_Bombs We should be proud of our species for coming up with these game-changing (sic) innovations — creative destruction on a big scale! Reply ↓ jrs April 13, 2017 at 4:01 pm Again though isn’t America the only one to have used a MOAB, just like it’s the only one to have used the nuclear bomb? USA! USA! USA! America is exceptional! Reply ↓ Rosario April 13, 2017 at 5:26 pm By this point I thought the neocons would have learned from Obama that a bit of subtlety in the US perpetual war goes a long way. Look at how much of their agenda Obama accomplished by buying up mercenaries (al-Nusra, al-qaeda, etc.) and using JSOC/CIA with naught but a peep from the homeland liberals. He knocked off one on their list, Libya, and was well on his way to accomplishing the second, Syria. Then Trump comes in and gets convinced to go the W route. Tsk, tsk. I guess Trump couldn’t resist the opportunity to bomb bigly. Reply ↓ Aumua April 13, 2017 at 11:08 pm Of course Trump is going to drop the BIGGEST BOMB EVAH! Overcompensating and all that. Reply ↓ Michael April 14, 2017 at 12:17 am From McClatchy on the same topic: Trump promised to ‘bomb the s—’ out of ISIS. And then he did. http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article144505609.html “The 21,000-pound conventional bomb was dropped from the back of a U.S. Air Force C-130 cargo plane. While the U.S. had never used it before, the military had dropped more than 12,000 bombs on Afghanistan in President Barack Obama’s second term. In 2016, it dropped 1,337 bombs on the country.” “Nicholson told the Senate Armed Services Committee in February that several thousand more troops are needed to break the “stalemate” in their fight against the Taliban. There are currently 8,400 U.S. troops in the country, conducting counterterrorism operations against insurgents and training and advising Afghanistan’s military. Another 6,400 troops from other NATO countries also are in Afghanistan. Last year, Obama announced that he would keep that number until the end of his term instead of dropping it to previously planned troop levels of 5,500 by early 2017.” ____________ So after 16 years, the US Military has fought to a “stalemate” with the Taliban, says Gen. John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan. Reply ↓ diptherio April 13, 2017 at 2:13 pm “The impact of nature’s aesthetics is surprisingly powerful. In the 1980s, architects found that patients recovered more quickly from surgery when given hospital rooms with windows looking out on nature. Other studies since then have demonstrated that just looking at pictures of natural scenes can change the way a person’s autonomic nervous system responds to stress.” My personal experience supports this. I was seriously considering moving from Montana to Staten Island, to an intentional community there, but just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I started having anxiety dreams, which are very unusual for me, that continued until I decided not to move to the city. When people asked me why I didn’t want to come, my explanation was “I can’t look anywhere and see un-built environment.” I’m so used to being surrounded by trees and mountains, even in the heart of my little city, that not being able to see that stuff anywhere was just too overwhelming. Reply ↓ j84ustin April 13, 2017 at 2:46 pm I read yesterday of a study where in poor urban neighborhoods researchers monitored heart rates of people who walked past vacant lots as is and vacant lots that were spruced up and inviting/nice to look at, and that those who encountered the latter had lower heart rates. Makes sense. Reply ↓ jrs April 13, 2017 at 3:09 pm we can do this, guerrilla gardening is low risk as law breaking goes. Reply ↓ Ulysses April 13, 2017 at 4:58 pm “We can do this” Indeed! Please consider supporting/visiting/emulating these fine gardeners of the South Bronx: http://bronxfarmers.blogspot.com/p/about-la-finca-del-sur.html Reply ↓ Big River Bandido April 13, 2017 at 4:59 pm Most people who live in poor neighborhoods probably don’t have that kind of time on their hands. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 13, 2017 at 5:47 pm Exactly. Neither the time nor the place: if the vacant lot has been made ‘nice to look at’ with any sort of municipal/approved private sector involvement, that probably means the ‘urban poor’ can no longer afford to live in that area, and almost certainly that their adult children won’t be able to stay there unless they never leave the two-bedroom childhood home. In which case walking past and seeing the ‘spruced-up’ environment is unlikely to be a psychic balm, because the person walking was probably forced out years ago, so that she now visits her old haunts only to practice the Bitter, the Hollow and the Mirthless laugh (all rise for Samuel Beckett) in that order. None of which invalidates the work of those fine gardeners mentioned by jrs and ulysses and also active just around the corner here, where they are precisely the enemies and potential victims of the real estate developer/city council alliance against human and built ‘eyesores’, i.e. the relatively poor majority and the objects they/we rely on. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido April 13, 2017 at 6:25 pm Don’t get me wrong. I think community gardens are a great thing. But their presence usually means the people who tend to them do not have a daily struggle to survive. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 13, 2017 at 5:22 pm I recognize & sympathize with that overwhelming ‘NO’, because I experience it in reverse: i.e. as genuine panic at more than a few hours’ exposure to a non-urban view from the window. Particular thanks then, diptherio, for describing it so well as subjective need (and no less real for that) rather than in terms of “nature is good for you/cities bad” (or the insufferable flipside, the virtues of the ‘vibrant’, ‘creative’ asset-backed city so beloved of Richard Florida, Demos and countless European metro-area mayors). Having witnessed — and occasionally, as a privileged invited guest, been drawn into — others’ intense attachment to certain non-urban places, I really do suspect that your gut response and mine have more in common than not, just with the terms reversed. And definitely more in common with one another than either has with the sort of status-calculation (BIG house = ‘achievement’), aesthetic atrophy, top-down class hatred and straight-out racism that gave us upscale exurbs. (The return of the exurbanites to colonize the cities and kick out the poor is another story, already a long one now.) The mini-McMansion/pool and two garages/gated community idyll seems to presume that what the luck owner sees out the window simply doesn’t matter, because all meaningful life (outside the thrill of career competition) happens inside the nuclear-family bunker (and its outpost, the apartment-size car). Whereas — perhaps — the need for mountains/trees/rocks/sea out the window and the need for street noise pouring through it at 4am both have something to do with a sensitivity to human and inanimate surroundings. Maybe those of us devoted to wilderness and those bound to cities share a lack of gated self-satisfaction, so that we require our immediate surroundings to be alive and seething with finely detailed meaning. Witnessing my brother and members of his adopted Ngati Porou whanau ‘read’ the subtlest natural encryptions of the forests of Te Ika a Maui (formerly NZ ‘North Island), I have repeatedly been struck by the similarity to the way my elective whanau/Genossen/innen here in London ‘read’ our never-silent, never-‘vibrant’ streets. Reply ↓ Swamp Yankee April 13, 2017 at 6:22 pm clinical wasteman, This is a splendid comment, and jibes very well with my own experience in a small Massachusetts town among the cranberries and pines and my good friend’s 45 miles away in Boston (each of us grew up in each respective place). You summed up my own experience and his as well, based on our conversations, very well. Suburbanization, McMansionization, destruction of the manifold Commons (ecological, social, economic, etc.), gentrification — these are the enemies of both the City Mouse and the Country Mouse! As the old music hall song put it — “it’s the same the whole world over!” Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 7:40 pm >perhaps — the need for mountains/trees/rocks/sea out the window and the need for street noise pouring through it at 4am both have something to do with a sensitivity to human and inanimate surroundings. < wasteman, great comment! and it is too bad that so many people are forced by economic (and political, for immigrants) pressures they cannot resist to make their homes in environments–urban, suburban, or rural–that do not suit their makeup and cause them great stress. Reply ↓ Lee April 13, 2017 at 5:39 pm Having spent a fair amount of time in and around Yellowstone, mostly wolf watching, I would likely move to Gardiner if not for various family obligations and health issues. I’ve been there in all seasons except winter, which my son, who spent a year in Bozeman found barely tolerable. Should circumstances allow, I’d love to spend a month up there watching wolves in winter. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 6:00 pm diphtherio, i am like that. i fled the big cities for good 22 years ago, seriously ill, and have never returned. there are quite a few urban refugees like myself in the small vermont town where i live. people leave cities for many reasons. i’ve encountered a surprising number here who found themselves forced to do so for one reason: city living made them sick in body and/or mind. it hasn’t been easy making a living outside where the jobs and opportunities are. but i count myself very lucky. my heart breaks for those who need to get out and cannot. i wonder how many of them there are, not the ones who miss the presence of nature around them and manage to cope but the ones who experience that absence down to their cores and know their souls are slowly dying from it. Reply ↓ jerry April 13, 2017 at 6:50 pm Thank you for this awesome comment! This is me right now.. not all the way in the big city but close enough to feel the soul-death. The challenge is of course the jobs and making a living as you say. But the alternative is too much to bear. Reply ↓ vidimi April 14, 2017 at 7:36 am suburbs are way worse than big cities. they are the worst of both worlds – neither the closeness to nature of the country, neither the culture of the city. Reply ↓ crittermom April 13, 2017 at 6:36 pm diptherio, my personal experience supports this, as well. I love trees, mtns, critters, uninhabited places. I can feel my normally low blood pressure rise whenever I must enter a big city. I chose a rural life long, long ago. I realized even as a child that nature nourishes my soul. While my choice may not be for everyone, I realized it’s what’s best for my own sanity and well-being. BTW, Montana is one of the places I’ve wanted to visit for decades and I still intend to (along with Alaska). Still missing Colorado, where I spent over half my life. Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm April 13, 2017 at 8:35 pm But what about cute furry animals and other creatures of nature? Lambert is the plants guy. Are there no links to support Ives critters? [I like plants and nature — and abstract art.] Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 9:37 pm jeremy grimm, do you mean something like, you want to see links to studies that show being around animals is good for people, not just studies about being around plants? Reply ↓ Katharine April 13, 2017 at 2:32 pm Regarding lakes, not only may they be shallower than thought, they may be saltier: https://phys.org/news/2017-04-north-america-freshwater-lakes-saltier.html Maybe in the interests of being able to drink water in the future American drivers could quit demanding ice-free roads and just learn to slow down in winter? (Sorry, what was I thinking? Must have had a post-prandial hallucination.) Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 13, 2017 at 4:16 pm I put ice-free roads (with no means testing) before tuition-free college education…unless we do both, and free healthcare for all. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL April 13, 2017 at 8:03 pm Jut made me think that we move all sorts of elements and compounds around, just changing their concentrations in different areas at different times. People freaked out over Exxon Valdez, but where did they think all of that oil was going to end up anyway? In the ecosystem, just in different concentrations. Of course brand-new manmade substances like Plutonium 238 could be considered a different case. Reply ↓ Toshiro_Mifune April 13, 2017 at 2:33 pm GA-06 – The district is white collar, educated and doing well economically, with median household incomes of $80,000 versus $50,000 statewide, and nearly 60 percent of adults holding a college or professional degree, more than twice the statewide average. It is also increasingly diverse, and in recent years became a magnet for well-educated immigrants from India and other parts of Asia So they’ve gone out of their way to find a district that fits their ideal in order to prove their message is correct. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese April 13, 2017 at 3:30 pm It’ll be hilarious when these fainting-couch frauds lose this district by a larger amount than when the underfunded Berniecrat lost Kansas. Liberals have at this point completely bought into the self-serving lie that most of the top 5-30% are in their tank, they just need to be a little woker. They simply can’t bear the thought that overal support for reactionary politics are correlated with wealth, because that would render their appeal and thus political ethos a top-to-bottom lie. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:01 pm Do we know for sure Ossoff can’t get to 50+1% in this round? I think it’s very important he lose. The idea that the Ds might be able to swing the House seems unlikely, but it will clearly be better if they can’t swing it at all. We need to flush those rats out if at all possible; all other paths forward are much slower or risk even more violence. Today’s news is just so comprehensively depressing. Reply ↓ nippersdad April 13, 2017 at 3:38 pm Always given their ideal is the type of place that votes for Newt Gingrich. I can remember back when the Northern Atlanta suburbs were represented by the two leaders of the impeach Clinton movement (Gingrich and Barr); it is ironic that that is now their preferred demographic. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 4:07 pm I once lived in Ga 6 and Newtie was my congressman. While I haven’t been following the race I’d be very surprised if the Dem wins, particularly now that Trump has taken up the mantle of Obomber. The district has both a major defense plant and an active air base. F-18s would do touch and gos and fly over your house at, like, 200ft. While the area has been changing since I moved away and has more suburban sprawl Georgia in general has become more Republican since the Jimmy Carter era. Reply ↓ Vatch April 13, 2017 at 4:15 pm The Democrat Ossoff has a good chance of finishing in first place in the primary, since the Republicans are so fractured. But this won’t elect him to Congress unless he wins more than 50% of the vote. A likely outcome is first place for Ossoff with 35% to 45% of the vote, followed in succession by several Republicans, who will probably get more total votes than the five Democratic candidates get. In the runoff, it will be Ossoff versus the Republican, and the Republican will almost certainly be the winner. Millions of dollars will have been wasted by the Democrats, and a small fraction of that money would have gained them a victory in Kansas. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 4:39 pm If memory serves Gingrich moved to District 6 from a different district precisely because it was considered such a safe Republican district. Back in the 90s it was the great Dem dream to get rid of Gingrich by defeating him in District 6 but they never did. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido April 13, 2017 at 5:20 pm I am certain that you are correct about how the race will shake out. The idea that the same kind of neoliberal nonsense that failed for the last 39 years will somehow, this time, manage to win is straight out of Dante. Except that in the Democrats’ case this is not insanity but “strategy”. As for “millions of dollars will have been wasted by the Democrats”: this is nothing compared to the billion dollars Hillary Clinton tossed in the shitcan last year. Besides, the word “wasted” is opinion and its truth depends on who you ask. Yes, the Democrats have been a sinkhole of liberal dollars for 3 decades. But those aren’t “wasted” dollars — they have suckled a huge astroturf industry and an army of professional grifters for a generation. Those people, at least, will have secure jobs — no matter how many more elections and opportunities the Democrats lose. Reply ↓ Craig April 13, 2017 at 4:34 pm Seems we have a natural experiment on which of the approaches might work. After the results are in on GA-06, we can do a compare with KS-04 and learn a tiny bit. And I applaud any Dem willing to run in such districts, not sure how we get to a 50 state strategy by trashing candidates. Reply ↓ Darius April 13, 2017 at 5:41 pm The DCCC wouldn’t be pouring millions into GA06 unless Ossoff was a Hillary Obama type Dem. Democrats won’t win if they keep to a strategy of appealing to people with advanced degrees plus minorities plus LGBTQ. They don’t get enough turnout because identity politics doesn’t motivate people who are struggling economically. They need to appeal to and organize working class people of all ethnicities, orientations, etc. Reply ↓ PH April 13, 2017 at 6:25 pm Is there a Progressive running in the district? Reply ↓ Vatch April 13, 2017 at 10:09 pm Here’s a site with information about the special election in Georgia: https://ballotpedia.org/Georgia%27s_6th_Congressional_District_special_election,_2017 Scroll down, and you’ll see that there are 4 Democrats besides Ossoff. You can click on their links to find more information, which should include a link to each person’s campaign web site. Reply ↓ PH April 14, 2017 at 6:30 pm I looked at all 5 campaign websites (including Ossoff). No one for Medicare for all. No one who is against war. No one with an anti-Wall Street position. No one for tax the rich. No one with detectable grass roots support, except maybe the former state senator, but that is hard to tell from the campaign websites. All candidates seem to be trying to fit in — tell a story the district wants to hear. Probably all the Dems are thinking “this is basically a Repub district, so . . .” Well, I think that approach is conventional wisdom, but wrong. But if we are going to challenge conventional wisdom we need candidates who say controversial things — like “I hate war.” Reply ↓ Vatch April 15, 2017 at 3:42 pm You’re right, none of the candidates wants to be perceived at being too far to the left. Ragin Edwards seems to come close to Medicare for All, without actually saying it. http://raginedwards.com/platforms Healthcare reform is one of the most talked about issues in American politics today. We must make sure that Healthcare becomes affordable for all Americans. No person should die because they cannot afford treatment, or because they have a pre-existing condition. Medical bills are the #1 reason why Americans are in debt today. We must work to make Healthcare affordable for all Americans. Richard Keatley is somewhat opposed to how Wall Street behaves. He combines environmentalism with some criticism of banking: http://www.keatleyforchange.org/keatley-on-the-issues.html I responded in a recent forum to Republican candidates stating that climate change should be dealt with at the local government level by saying “this is not your garden.” This statement should be self evident in saying that release of carbon emissions and global warming are a problem for the world that needs to be taken seriously and dealt with in our lifetime. I will support the EPA’s mission of keeping our rivers, forests and streams clean and safe for our children and their children. We also need to protect our outdoor industries that create more jobs for our economy here in the 6th district than the banking or pharmaceutical industries. Like Edwards, Rebecca Quigg inches towards Medicare for All without actually getting there: http://rebeccaquiggforcongress.com/knowledge-database/issues/healthcare/ The ACA is not perfect, but as a doctor, she knows that it was a historic first step in getting America on the right track. The fundamental question that drives her is; “Why wouldn’t we want everyone in the 6th District to have access to the best healthcare? Why wouldn’t we want the people serving us our food and taking care of our children to be healthy and free of communicable diseases? Why would we want to let our fellow residents die because they cannot afford to get well? The simple answer to all these questions, is we would not want that. Particularly when every other industrialized nation has figured out how to do it. Dr. Quigg will support a comprehensive healthcare solution that keeps in place existing protections that ensure women and patients with pre-existing conditions are not charged higher premiums, and aren’t restricted by annual or lifetime limits. With more than 25 years of experience, she will work across the aisle to expand and improve the ACA. She will never repeal healthcare for the millions of Americans that depend on it. Richard Slotin, the former state senator, has a nice statement on environmental issues: http://votinforslotin.com/vision/ Together, we must protect our clean water, clean air and green spaces. Our district is bountiful with trees, parks, rivers and outdoor life. We must support alternative energy sources. Ron will support tax credits for electrical vehicles and solar energy for our homes and businesses. He will also advocate for the Clean Power Plan to protect our air quality for generations to come. Slotin also supports raising the minimum wage. Reply ↓ diptherio April 13, 2017 at 2:35 pm File Under: Politics, Guillotine Watch, Class Warfare, Co-ops the left wing can bring back the manufacturing sector by mass producing guillotines through worker-run industrial co-ops. twitter.com/nuclearbbq/status/852579223663497218 Reply ↓ pretzelattack April 13, 2017 at 4:16 pm i was thinking of a tumbril business during the recent unpleasantness (the election). got to get those heads to the guillotine in the first place. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 13, 2017 at 5:58 pm Self-driving tumbrils, or one more dimension of multitasking for Uber drivers/delivery riders? Reply ↓ dcblogger April 13, 2017 at 2:40 pm Kos built his site on the Dean, Lamont, Obama, and Elizabeth Warren campaigns. Now he has become part of the professional Democratic loser class he used to deride. cynical Ghandi: first the ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then they buy you. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon April 13, 2017 at 3:00 pm DK is unreadable now. Used to be a fan a long time ago, but they started cracking down more and more on what was allowed to be talked about and it got to be a bore. I gauge a site’s level of truth by the range of opinions of allowed, even if some of those opinions are distasteful or impolite. If the site is doing heavy editing and selection of reader comments you can be sure it’s doing the same thing on its content. Reply ↓ Darius April 13, 2017 at 5:49 pm Obama’s election ruined Kos. It was just a place for useless cheerleading. I abandoned Kos soon after Mr. Awesomely Awesome Awesomeness took office. The stupidity was unbearable. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 13, 2017 at 7:46 pm It was unbearably stupid way before that, just saying…. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 13, 2017 at 10:43 pm The “Obama and Clinton Pie Fights” were simply appalling. The misogyny and racism on display were outrageous. Its always amusing to see the “Kos has changed” stories every Friedman Unit. It was probably always a disaster. Reply ↓ RUKidding April 13, 2017 at 3:02 pm Kos is CIA. He be working for da man. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese April 13, 2017 at 3:21 pm https://www.jacobinmag.com/2017/01/markos-moulitsas-kos-democrats-clinton-trump/ Markos Moulitsas was once the face of American progressivism. That shouldn’t happen again. Reply ↓ L April 13, 2017 at 4:22 pm Ye. I was a big Kos reader until the primary. Then his longstanding love of Clinton became a basis for outright derision of Sanders voters. For a while there he was so smug in his confidence that she would win, must win, that it seemed he couldn’t muster up the effort to be nice, let alone understand that people may have a point. Now I click in occasionally but the whole feeling of “looking forward not back” is too much to ignore. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:06 pm Come to r/Way of the Bern. The Kos refugee mods are doing heroic work trying to figure out a way to facilitate left discourse on a commercial platform in the age of Correct The Record/Shareblue. Reply ↓ Matthew G. Saroff April 13, 2017 at 5:52 pm Gotta Link for R/Way? Reply ↓ Patricia April 13, 2017 at 10:02 pm pour vous: https://www.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/ Reply ↓ rjs April 13, 2017 at 6:28 pm i wrote for Kos for over a year – serious, well researched posts – and then was permanently banned for “overt misogyny and anti-Semitism” after i flippantly posted an Anonymous video critical of Hillary Clinton.. http://www.dailykos.com/user/rjsigmund Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob April 13, 2017 at 7:45 pm “…and then was permanently banned…” You and a fairly significant percentage of the readership here, often for telling the truth he and the other neoliberals didn’t want to hear. I remember one person being banned simply for mentioning that John Edwards really was a cad…. If the numbers in that HuffPo piece are true and 60% of readers were supporters of Bernie in the primary, my guess is that little Markos has been reaching out to his network for some good PR to try to get some eyeballs back. Must have been very hard for him to stay ‘neutral’ during the primary and refrain from his normal hippie punching which he’s been doing since Dean was eliminated from the 2004 primary. This fundraising is nothing new – just more PR trying to convince the rubes that it’s a site geared towards ‘progressives’. Markos is all about one thing and that’s making money for Markos. He contributes very little and depends on his commentariat to do all the work for free to bring eyeballs and ad dollars to his site. He had that business model down way before the Ubers and other appmonkey squillionaires came along. Reply ↓ Milton April 13, 2017 at 8:24 pm Props to you. The commentariat is brutal. I never heard such language from liberals since I walked out of Whole Foods with my groceries double-bagged with plastic. Reply ↓ NDP April 14, 2017 at 12:15 am Kos’ b.s. shilling for Hillary began in May of 2015, just about one week after Sanders declared his candidacy. http://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/05/07/1383158/-The-optimist-s-case-for-Hillary-Clinton After about nine months of trying to wrangle his progressive herd not no avail, he went full authoritarian. Here’s when the site died: http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/03/04/1495813/-March-15-and-Daily-Kos-transition-to-General-Election-footing I kind of think he got paid. Reply ↓ Vatch April 13, 2017 at 2:52 pm Meredith Kelly, the communications director for the [DCCC]. ‘End of story. That’s just the way it is. There are just certain races where it is not helpful to be attached to the national D.C. Democrats. It is the calculation you make in even the most competitive swing district.’ Thank you for pointing out how foolish her statement is. Georgia is just as conservative at Kansas is, yet the Democratic party has firehosed millions of dollars into the Georgia special election. As you point out, the Ds could have provided a few tens of thousands of dollars for Thompson in Kansas that would have been used for advertising, with absolutely no aroma of the national party tainting it. Will they do anything to help Rob Quist in Montana? Stay tuned. There’s a slight chance (very slight) that people can have some influence over how the establishment tools spend their money, but we have to make noise. DCCC: (202) 863-1500 DNC: (202) 863-8000 Sen. Chuck Schumer: (202) 224-6542 DCCC Chairman Ben Ray Lujan: (202) 225-6190 Sen. Dick Durbin: (202) 224-2152 Rep. Nancy Pelosi: (202) 225-4965 DNC Chair Tom Perez: ??? DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison: (202) 225-4755 I hope Democrats around the country vote against most Democratic incumbents in the 2018 primaries, but I won’t hold my breath. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:13 pm I think calling them is a good idea, but only because we want holding these jobs to be unpleasant enough for them that they decide to retire to spend more time with their donors. They’re too strongly incentivized personally to keep doing this to respond in a meaningful way to citizen demands. What’s more important is to continue reaching out to the grassroots to keep rescuing people from the herd. We can’t stop deluded celebrities from giving the Ds money and driving around for horror shows like Ossoff like car puppies (http://buzz.blog.ajc.com/2017/03/27/ossoff/). We just need Ossoff to lose. And then the next Ossoff. And the one after that. We need to stiffen the resolve of those who are waffling. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido April 13, 2017 at 5:32 pm Save yourself the time, effort, and blood pressure. None of those organizations exist to serve the public and their officers aren’t obliged to listen. They have proven that, time and again. The campaign committees are fundraising businesses run by members of Congress and elected officials in the party structure. Voters have absolutely no say in their decisions. Reply ↓ Vatch April 13, 2017 at 6:56 pm None of those organizations exist to serve the public and their officers aren’t obliged to listen. Absolutely true. But if people call, the callers will have personal experience with the non-responsiveness of these organizations. I called the DNC and the DCCC yesterday, and nobody answered the phones. I had to navigate their intentionally obscure voice mail system before I could leave a message. And now I can tell people exactly what happened. It will be interesting if anyone who calls is able to talk to a real person. I would enjoy learning about that, if it ever happens. But you’re right about the blood pressure — some people should probably avoid calling, because it could be bad for their health. Reply ↓ polecat April 13, 2017 at 9:13 pm You know, reading …. and commenting about how awful things have become over the last decade (at least !!) has certainly affected my health … ! The problem is, is that this continual train wreck we’re all on has become like an addiction of sorts. A visual metaphor would be the miscreant Alex, in Kubrick’s film ‘A Clockwork Orange’ … strapped to that chair, and forced to watch retchedness for hours, his eyelids having been clipped wide-open, his head immobile ! The icing on the cake is virually everyrone else know is mostly clueless as to the issues at hand … Reply ↓ Vatch April 13, 2017 at 10:05 pm I hope your love of Beethoven’s music hasn’t been ruined! That would be a tragedy. Reply ↓ Katharine April 13, 2017 at 3:05 pm Regarding the tenure story, a slightly later item: http://www.mcall.com/news/local/easton/mc-lafayette-prof-ends-hunger-strike-20160905-story.html The president supposedly based her decision in some significant part on student reviews, which would be a source of amusement to anyone who has ever read a pack of them. It would be cause for concern if they were uniformly bad, but that seems unlikely. His department was solidly behind him, and colleagues are capable of noticing inadequacy too. I think it likely the one vote against him on the tenure committee was the provost, who has probably joined with the president in what appears remarkably like a plan to milk faculty for seven years of work and then replace them with cheaper models. Reply ↓ Uahsenaa April 13, 2017 at 3:57 pm Rarely is someone put on the tenure track who is not expected to stick around long term, which is why, for the most part, people who get tenure make no waves whatsoever. Generally, they make the opposite of waves. They are anti-waves. But because academic politics are really that petty, all you have to do is mildly irk someone for a completely innocent reason, and they’ll derail your entire career. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 13, 2017 at 4:14 pm What wisdom can our academicians teach, in light of this? Should we send out children elsewhere? Reply ↓ Gaianne April 14, 2017 at 2:23 am “Rarely is someone put on the tenure track who is not expected to stick around long term” This may be true at some universities, but at others it is not. In the town where I live, lure-and-discard is a normal approach to tenure track in many university departments. Something you have to factor in when you take an appointment, if you don’t want your career to die unexpectedly. –Gaianne Reply ↓ hemeantwell April 13, 2017 at 3:11 pm “Class in American politics, rich vs. poor, is just not a very good predictor of party identification,” Ms. Lee said That’s because the parties themselves are not a very good predictor of the class orientation embodied in their policy goals. I expect to run into people calling the Democrats “the Left,” but for someone posing as an expert to do so indicates she’s more into ideology reinforcement, not analysis. TINA! Reply ↓ Art Eclectic April 13, 2017 at 3:26 pm My observation has been that party division is more accurately predicted on a a person’s view of human nature. 1) Believes humans are basically good and need only gentle guidance to do the right thing. 2) Believes humans are basically lawless and need a firm hand to keep them in line. Whichever side of that line you fall on tends to dictate party preference. Personally, I think humans are mix. Or more accurately, the mix is gender related. Men need a much firmer hand than women, so they’ve invented for themselves religion, government, and the military mostly to keep other men in line. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 13, 2017 at 4:08 pm 1) Believes humans are basically good and need only gentle guidance to do the right thing. Does that guidance come from basically good humans (who need guidance) themselves? Or does it come from something external to humans? 2) Believes humans are basically lawless and need a firm hand to keep them in line. What or who will provide the firm hand to keep these basically lawless humans in line? From outside, again? I think about these and I don’t know. Do we know? Do we need someone or something outside for answers? Do we seek answers from trees, cats, dragons, etc? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman April 13, 2017 at 6:21 pm And I think I detect a trio of Begged Question alarms ringing louder and louder somewhere. i.e. 1. “Lawful” = “Good”?! 2. “Guidance” has less in common with an invasive “firm hand” than the two share with each other?! 3. “Good”, “bad” and “lawful” are all personal qualities of the person so described, not something to do with effects on other people? Goodness and gentleness are not just unlawful but positively forbidden in many jurisdictions (except in the form of “charity”, i.e. toss a coin to your victim’s caseworker after delivering the last kick). And vice-versa. The opposite of gentleness has far more to do with institutional policy than individual nastiness, and “lawfulness” is its trump (pardon) card. If anyone is ever going to change all that, sign me up for the long march of the Lawless, not the blameless petitioning of the Good. Proposed Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 13, 2017 at 7:45 pm Good questions…good in the sense of positive effects on others, not the qualities of the questions themselves. Maybe good laws are good and bad laws are bad. So, goodlawful = good, and badlawful = bad? Reply ↓ Aumua April 13, 2017 at 11:24 pm Ok, there’s lawful and there’s chaotic. Then there’s good and evil. And there’s neutral. So we have lawful good, lawful neutral, and lawful evil. Do you guys know nothing? Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 13, 2017 at 4:23 pm I call misandry on you, Art Eclectic. I myself prefer misanthropy! Reply ↓ Huey Long April 13, 2017 at 4:52 pm I dunno about the gender thing. In my experiences with the fairer sex, many of them enjoy being naughty and breaking the rules just like men. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:30 pm I’m leery of getting into a gender based fight here at the moment, but I completely disagree. I do not believe men innately need a “firmer hand” than women. I don’t think there is a trace of evidence you can show to demonstrate this. Social and cultural conditioning starts very early to prod humans into two sharply delineated genders far beyond what operational differences would exist absent all that conditioning. Then all the institutional structures that force people down various cattle chutes on the basis of these artificial gender differences also impact their experiences and thus their beliefs. Much of this current conditioning and these structures are designed to facilitate patriarchal capitalism; it isn’t natural by any definition, and it brutalizes most men as well as most women to deliver its bounty to the tiny group at the top. Some men are authoritarian followers. So are some women. Some men are greedy bullies. So are some women. The men I personally know well need no firm hand. Like a lot of women who have rebelled against our conditioning, I have personally suffered more often from women trying to police my behavior — although I have, as related previously here, suffered my share of sexually-based oppression and punishment. Reply ↓ craazyman April 13, 2017 at 6:06 pm what happened when they tried to police your behavior? did you flip them the bird? that’s what I’d do. I had a senior colleague once who gave me a hard time — an ex-Navy guy but I actually knew him pretty well. I won’t tell the whole story but i wanted to come and work for him not for a jerk I was workign for. He told me I needed to prove myself! I had over and over and over — to his benefit! I told him what a bunch of fkkng nonsense that was and I cursed him out to his face right in his office. He was fairly shocked. But he did what I wanted within a month and he hired me into his department! LOL No lie. he did! He never gave me any attitude once after that at all either. Not once. And he was a crusty guy who the office sheep feared like he was some kind of macho dude, which he really wasnt. See that’s the good thing about guys is you can tell them to go eff themselves & flip them the bird and they can get over it. Or most can. I’m not sure if women would get over something like that. It’s not something I’d say to most women, but if one was my boss and she was trying to boss me around I sure as hell would. No lie. that must be why the reptilians flipped the bird at Neil Armstrong when he landed on the moon — they were upset with something NASA did evidently. It’s a well known fact that doesn’t require me to defend it — from a veracity standpoint. It wasn’t personal withh Neil, no doubt. And I bet we could work it out with the reptilians if everybody chilled and thought about what was true. Reply ↓ Yves Smith April 13, 2017 at 5:40 pm I agree 100% with Marina. Conditioning of girls to be quiet and well behaved is intense and starts early. By contrast, a very successful guy I know commented on the age at which it became clear to him that he’d be cut slack (he instigated a rebellion in class, the teacher knew he did it but he was not punished because he was a good student). He said based on his talks with other successful men, they’d all had similar realizations pretty early on. By contrast, I misbehaved in school a few times at a much younger age than when his incident occurred and was clearly a bright kid and not mean or destructive, just a bit willful. Yet I was expelled once and beaten with a belt another time. I can pretty much guarantee nothing like that would have happened to a male, it would have been laughed off as “boys will be boys”. Reply ↓ TK421 April 13, 2017 at 5:59 pm I can pretty much guarantee nothing like that would have happened to a male, it would have been laughed off as “boys will be boys”. I hate to burst your bubble, but… Reply ↓ craazyman April 13, 2017 at 6:18 pm No kidding. . . . Born down in a dead man’s town The first kick I took was when I hit the ground You end up like a dog that’s been beat too much Till you spend half your life just covering up now Born in the U.S.A. I was born in the U.S.A. I was born in the U.S.A. Born in the U.S.A., now -Bruce Springsteen, Born in the USA lyrics Reply ↓ Darius April 13, 2017 at 9:17 pm But what? Gender differences in the treatment of boys and girls is pretty well documented. We should all be glad Yves retained her feisty ways. Reply ↓ Aumua April 13, 2017 at 11:27 pm But it really depends on the particular situation, what would or wouldn’t have happened. And we should avoid generalizing as much as possible. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 13, 2017 at 7:00 pm And beyond the conditioning by “society” and its institutions, there’s what I have always believed to be the most important factor in who’s gonna need a firm hand and who doesn’t….Upbringing. I guarantee boys raised by single moms (who teach them to respect women) are far fiercer defenders of the weak than daddy’s spoiled girls… Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 13, 2017 at 8:58 pm You came through with spirit remarkably intact. As in, it just didn’t work. I went to a boys’ boarding school in the late 50’s. One friend was running a contest with a girlfriend to break all the rules. She had about twice as many – so I’d say you have a case about the general culture, at least in the past. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 9:45 pm Well at least in my experience it was certainly not the authority figures that were doing that conditioning. I very intentionally give off a vibe of ‘don’t talk to me’ especially when I was in school. I also happened to wear nothing but black, had a ton of piercings, and dyed my hair every color of the rainbow. None of that was because I had any problems talking to people, I just had no interest in talking to the kind of people that were bothered by something as stupid as my choice in clothing. Some of my best friends made the exact opposite fashion choices but came over and said wow I love your hair or something like that. Anyways, as a masculine gay guy who really didn’t feel the need to make my personal life public many people weren’t sure about my sexuality and I always told my friends that if someone wanted to know they could ask me and I’d tell them but otherwise it was none of their business… That let me float between my straight female friends and straight male friends as not threatening. From what I saw, almost all social conditioning came from mass media being one upped. You had this impression that guys in highschool were all getting laid all the time and so of course plenty of guys lied and said they were, and then it just became self fulfilling. In reality, most of them thought it was hollow and didn’t really want to do it, but the one upmanship and the need to fit in… Girls on the other hand were usually taught to feel insecure about some body feature, and that they needed to not be seen as a slut so they needed to find one guy to date for as long as possible, because they like sex too but they knew all the other girls would tear her to shreds if she admitted that she liked banging a different guy every weekend. Where as a guy might just as well not have to worry about putting himself out there to be judged by girls every weekend but he would usually have at least one friend who would give him shit if he dated the same girl too long and kept encouraging him to play the field. Some much of it came straight out of insecurity of what their peer group would think of them. But I never saw authority figures go ‘boys will be boys,’ if anything I saw female teachers give male students crap for trying to get away with stuff like that. Which is why I guess being a gay guy is the best of both worlds in that respect. It has never taken me more than 3 hours to find a hookup if I am so inclined and I don’t get judged for doing so. But considering my life is a cluster**** I haven’t been bothering with that much lately. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 13, 2017 at 9:59 pm Nice, UserFriendly. We’re all broken/insecure in some way but I’m glad my friends at least know they are. Am reminded of The Offspring’s lyric… “We all just want to re-arrange.” Fix You Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 12:10 am Social conditioning begins at birth — if not before. The instant a woman knows which sex she is carrying, she and the world around her treat her and the fetus differently depending on which one it is. There are lots and lots of studies to back this up. Women will eat more protein for a boy fetus — or their families/partners will make them. Girls are more likely to be aborted or left to die in the woods. There are differences in how and how often they are picked up and touched from the moment of their birth. Reactions to crying, sleeping and climbing are all gendered, by EVERYBODY the baby comes in contact with — parents, relatives, caregivers, strangers in the store. So babies are being conditioned with both positive and negative reinforcement as soon as they breath oxygen. It’s not that only girls get punished for being rambunctious. It’s HOW they get punished — not just what the teacher does, but how the other students react to it, how the parents react it. Boys also suffer when they don’t sufficiently fit acceptable gender behavior. I wasn’t saying — and I don’t think Yves was saying — that only girls get punished for acting up. It’s the nuances that matter. We all swim in an endless, all-encompassing river of gender conditioning 24/7, which is designed to divide all of us against our own natures, to make us more malleable to the system that enriches the few. Reply ↓ John Zelnicker April 14, 2017 at 8:52 am @Marina Bart – Very well said. Thank you. Reply ↓ vidimi April 14, 2017 at 8:20 am i had a female teacher who, i speculate had gone through an acrimonious break-up, hated the boys in the class. she terrorized me more than the others because she knew i had authoritarian parents who would be on her side. it took probably two decades to recover my self-esteem, and i never did make anything of myself. i do suspect that successfull people don’t tend to have their personalities broken down in childhood, but i also piss on the way our society defines ‘successfull’. Reply ↓ redleg April 13, 2017 at 9:59 pm 2016 presidential contest was between Chaotic Neural vs. Lawful Evil. I’d cite an author but i don’t remember where I read it. Reply ↓ Altandmain April 13, 2017 at 3:13 pm Are airlines in the US being crapified even more? http://onemileatatime.boardingarea.com/2017/03/14/basic-economy-fares-expensive/ This “Economic Basic” or as it is called “Economy Minus” isn’t really about offering lower cost fares to flyers. Reply ↓ oho April 13, 2017 at 3:21 pm Letter: I was on United flight 3411. Here’s what I saw. …..disgusting mishandling of the situation included everyone from the rude ticket agent who demanded that this man give up his seat on the flight United overbooked, to one of the officers laughing in the midst of the incident, to the violent, abusive way the passenger was dragged off the plane by the officer. It was the worst possible model for my students, and frankly, was traumatizing to many of us who watched this from such close proximity….. http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/letters/ct-united-flight-3411-man-dragged-witness-20170411-story.html Reply ↓ JTMcPhee April 13, 2017 at 4:12 pm Traumatizing? “Let that be a lesson to you. Do not resist.” Too bad so many of us are so polite and fearful when it comes to thugs wearing outfits that say, implicitly or in Black and White, “POLICE.” Of course resistance will get you battered, tazed or shot — unless a bunch of people get a sudden case of backbone and stop worrying about what’s “legal” and act on what is right. Looking at the video captures, at least one young woman seemed to be going after the trailing “POLICE” in their “POLICE” jackets — or maybe she was just rushing to the bathroom… Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 13, 2017 at 4:39 pm No one will step in front of oncoming tanks again. Reply ↓ RWood April 13, 2017 at 6:24 pm Word. http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2014/06/03/tanks-people-tiananmen-square/ Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 6:18 pm >a bunch of people get a sudden case of backbone and stop worrying about what’s “legal” and act on what is right< i seem to remember an all-passenger rebellion on some (non-u.s.) flight awhile back, over something far less egregious. maybe someone here will remember enough to find a link. at any rate, i will not be surprised if such passenger uprisings do start to happen here. i suspect a majority think the abuse of dr. dao was unacceptable. the peasants are getting restless, and there are more and more of them, with less and less to lose, every day. . . Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 6:43 pm OK, i found one somewhat encouraging story: http://nypost.com/2013/11/14/passengers-kicked-off-flight-after-backing-blind-man-guide-dog/ Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 13, 2017 at 7:21 pm and another, not a revolt, just passengers booing: http://atombash.com/mom-tina-faux-talks-american-airlines-flight-removal-faux-pas-passenger-revolt/ refusing to move (within the airport): https://consumerist.com/2010/03/16/us-air-1922-48-hours-later-still-trapped/ refusing to board: http://avherald.com/h?article=40d8ef63 refusing to buckle seat belts: http://www.france-today.com/2010/12/investigation-to-be-launched-into.html leaving the plane: https://www.thaivisa.com/forum/topic/819219-air-macau-aborts-flight-from-suvarnabhumi-after-passengers-revolt/ Reply ↓ Aumua April 13, 2017 at 11:33 pm Yeah, not a single passenger stood up and said “Hey, you know what? I’ll go. It’s fine. Stop hurting this person.” That’s a part of this I find particularly poignant. Reply ↓ oho April 13, 2017 at 6:48 pm the Dr. did not commit any federal or local crime. Per the carriage contract, the Doc had a 100% legal right to be in that seat since United allowed the Doc to board and sit in his seat—aka Doc was not a trespasser. The doors did not close on that flight. The Doc. was not disruptive. The matter was 100% a contract dispute between UAL/Republic (who were the ones unilaterally breaking the contract) and the Doc before it escalated when the security cops arrived. Reply ↓ PKMKII April 13, 2017 at 3:24 pm Romney Democrats are the new Blue Dog Democrats? Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 13, 2017 at 4:19 pm Just to be clear: Voters who voted for Obama and then did not vote in 2016 are racist, deplorables not worth spending money on. Voters who voted for Mittens and will likely vote for Republicans are “moderates” Democrats need to win! Reply ↓ vidimi April 14, 2017 at 8:26 am that’s a fantastic way of putting it Reply ↓ Huey Long April 13, 2017 at 3:46 pm Chuck Spinney’s take on the Trumpster’s 59 tomahawk tweet: The Malleable Bi-Partisan Utility of Poison Gas If there was a centerpiece to Hillary Clinton’s failed campaign for President of the United States, it was her struggle to convince the American people that Donald Trump was congenitally incapable of reacting rationally when surprised by a dangerous international crisis. She struggled futilely to contrast her experience and gravitas to Trump’s reckless impulsiveness. In a rational world, the recent Trumpian brain fart of firing 59 cruise missiles (worth about $90 million) at a nearly empty — and forewarned — Syrian airfield should be a candidate case study to test Clinton’s psychological theory. But it won’t be. Mr. Trump merely did what Ms. Clinton called on him to do (see this video) a few hours prior to the attack. Moreover, the political response to Trump’s attack has been one of widespread bipartisan support, with particular enthusiasm among senior Democrats [e.g, see 1, 2 3] Read the rest Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 8:38 pm Thanx for the link. BTW this morning I should have credited “59 Tomahawk Tweet” to Alastair Crook here https://consortiumnews.com/2017/04/08/trumps-59-tomahawk-tweet/ Reply ↓ neo-realist April 13, 2017 at 3:47 pm Georgia god damn White police officer stomps handcuffed black man’s head http://www.ajc.com/news/local/gwinnett-cop-caught-video-kicking-man-head-fired/GsCfBeNhcjAXkTw7f2cPxL/ Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:45 pm But to the Clintonian Democrats, he’s their preferred base! Reply ↓ beth April 13, 2017 at 6:19 pm That incident happened earlier today? I am amazed that the officer has already been fired. That kind of justice does not happen in my city. It has been 40 years since an officer has been tried for murdering someone. And some of the recent situations are on tape. Needless to say no one has been fired either. This link contains a second film of the traffic stop. Gwennette County was notorious back in the 60s when I lived in Atlanta. Reply ↓ vidimi April 14, 2017 at 8:30 am good on the PD for firing these thugs of course, they will probably sue back for wrongful termination and win. Reply ↓ TK421 April 13, 2017 at 3:47 pm “On the economy, Ossoff says he will create ‘forward-looking, fiscally responsible economic policy that maximizes opportunity for entrepreneurs, workers, and investors’” Finally,.someone is thinking of the invstors! Where’s my checkbook? Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 6:59 pm His mom runs a PAC. That’s not even a joke. It is literally true. Your corporate Democratic Party, ladies and gentlemen! Reply ↓ mcdee April 13, 2017 at 4:17 pm Ossoff’s campaign taking points sound like they came out of a random jargon generator. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 13, 2017 at 4:36 pm So an Obama speech? Zing. “The world has shrunk. It is interconnected. All of you represent that interconnection. Many of you are catalyzing it and accelerating it. It promises to bring extraordinary benefits. But it also has challenges. ” “Now, supporting entrepreneurs isn’t just something we do around the world. It’s also a key part of how we create jobs and fuel innovation here in the United States. ” -Barack Obama at a dialogue with Mark Zuckerberg https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/2016/06/25/remarks-president-global-entrepreneurship-summit-and-conversation-mark Ossoff is a test run for “uncool” versions of Obama the Democrats will try to roll out. Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 13, 2017 at 9:15 pm Sounds like Obama channeling Tom Friedman? Catalyzing the shrunk interconnections and accelerating that? Better keep the matches away from the innovation fuel! Reply ↓ Darius April 13, 2017 at 9:22 pm How about full employment? Like Democrats used to do. Not Obama’s entrepreneurial blah blah. Reply ↓ G. Wilgus April 13, 2017 at 4:26 pm Re: Daily Kos is Back. I wear my banishment from the Kos community as a badge of honor. My infraction was to suggest that progressives will sit out the election or vote Green rather than vote for Hillary since the corporate Dems have thrown labor and working Americans aside . . . after Kos decided that further discussion except to support Hillary was a thought crime. I found that community to be rife with magical thinking and denialism with the unctuous pronouncements by Kos and his front-pagers designed more to qualify him as an oh-so-serious-person rather than to be a force for electing better Democrats. BTW – Has anybody been following the movement for the March For Science on April 22? I find it interesting where I am (Traverse City, MI) that while there was an outpouring to march for the pink pussy hats earlier this year, there is no verve for a public support of science. I guess that is the difference between identity politics and supporting a reality that organizes our understanding of the Cosmos. I will be marching at another location. But I also wonder: how is it that politicians who decide otherwise from the scientific consensus really don’t want to own their decision? The default stance is science denial rather than a clear exposition of their reasoning. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 13, 2017 at 5:22 pm RE: March for Science I think the March for Science’s dearth of public support as compared to the pink pussy hats has more to do with the pussy hats having Mighty Wurlitzer backing than with actual public support for science. If our media can manipulate Americans into giving a crap about the Kardashians or supporting the war-du-jour, I’m fairly certain they could drum up support for a science march if TPTB gave the order. Reply ↓ jrs April 13, 2017 at 6:11 pm But where are they now when there is stuff to protest by the boatload? I realize some of them are involved in some issues. But for most, I can’t help thinking the hats were in fact perfectly apt, too p*s*y for a real fight. Reply ↓ G. Wilgus April 13, 2017 at 7:58 pm For those who aren’t in protest for a real fight I call Pendejos. A very apt description of the pink pussy hat crowd. Reply ↓ polecat April 13, 2017 at 9:34 pm Choose your monk’s monastery wisely …. the historical scientific documents and artifacts may need to be put into hiding …. for, perhaps, the rest of the millennium, until things get sorted … Reply ↓ G Wilgus April 13, 2017 at 9:58 pm The order of Saint Leibowitz? ;-] Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 5:52 pm On a non-political note, is Higher Grounds still producing excellent coffee, or has it gone the way of Intelligentsia? I had the most amazing coffee there. Juggling ceramic mugs without lids in a rain storm because they wouldn’t allow anything disposable was a huge hassle, and yet still totally worth it. Reply ↓ G. Wilgus April 13, 2017 at 8:32 pm Yes, their coffees are still good. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon April 13, 2017 at 5:55 pm I don’t exactly know what the “March of Science” supports. Am I marching for sustainability science or biotech? Am I marching for scientism? The notion that science is an indisputable body of knowledge that can only be argued and decided by scientists is a problematic one. It completely ignores the fact that much of the science done today is intended to create corporate profits first and foremost. Scientists are usually direct or indirect employees of corporate concerns, not monks of truth. Reply ↓ G. Wilgus April 13, 2017 at 9:06 pm Don’t quite catch your drift and wonder if you have been paying attention to the anti-science thrust of the republicans and understand that science, as a discipline, are the techniques along with free inquiry and communication that allow us to answer questions about the physical universe. It’s applications are technology. I’ve done basic research a long time ago in molecular genetics and experimental pathology and did work in the corporate world applying statistical design of experiments to demonstrate the quality and reproducibility of processes. Yes, even though my area was not considered a profit center, it allowed a highly regulated corporation to make money. However my first and last thought was “am I comfortable putting this in my veins or those of my family.” Some product managers tried to avoid me since I could point out, after sampling a production run of material they wanted to import, just how the manufacturer was spoofing the process rather than building in quality. I march to decry the science denial rampant in my country that equates ignorant opinion with my knowledge. I march because I expect that even if they do not like the findings of science, politicians must recognize those findings and own their decisions that act contrary to the scientific consensus. And, just pointing out that scientific consensus is not easily reached without an insane level of confidence, because no scientist ever made a name for themselves by doing me-too research. OK, sorry, a bit wordy. Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 13, 2017 at 9:16 pm Word! Reply ↓ witters April 13, 2017 at 9:47 pm Logic King of the Day! “The notion that science is an indisputable body of knowledge that can only be argued and decided by scientists is a problematic one.” Look up the meaning of “indisputable”. Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 14, 2017 at 7:58 am +1 Reply ↓ TK421 April 13, 2017 at 6:03 pm The “March for Science” is being driven off a cliff by social justice extremists who care more about inclusivity than science. For instance, Bill Nye was being lined up as a speaker, but he’s a white heterosexual man so that won’t do. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim April 13, 2017 at 9:35 pm Thanks for saying that. When next Saturday rolls around, I will have better things to do. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 13, 2017 at 4:50 pm Not only did our Mighty MOAB send stocks lower, but also — and more significantly — it sent Treasury yields tumbling as well. Today the 10-year T-note fell to a yield of 2.23%, its lowest since mid November. Meanwhile, the Fed has hiked the Fed Funds rate — the overnight rate which it controls — twice since then, to about 0.90%. When short-term rates rise toward longer-term rates, this is called a flattening of the yield curve. Generally it signifies lower growth expectations. Despite all the rah-rah campaign rhetoric from the Orange Flake, the US economy will be severely challenged to even eke out 2% GDP growth in this calendar year. That is, about the same feeble growth we had under the Peace Laureate. As a female voice (rumored to be Stevie Nicks) audibly remarks during the intro to Tom Petty’s song Even the Losers … “It’s just the normal noises in here!“ Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 13, 2017 at 8:38 pm Precious metals are up significantly, too; silver seems to be stabilizing around 18.50/oz. In accord with the Greed/Fear Index. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 13, 2017 at 4:52 pm https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2017/04/rachel-maddow-is-lost-in-her-cold-war-conspiracies.html Reply ↓ tony April 13, 2017 at 5:06 pm I have a child. Sure its name is Student Loan Payments but still…I pay out just as much as any mother would for her bastard child. https://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/64yhih/millenials_of_reddit_generally_speaking_this/ Reddit was asked why young people are not having kids. Answer: Most can’t afford it. Reminds me of David Harvey stating that under capitalism the wage for most people is what is required for labour to reproduce itself, but with immigration you can go even lower. Reply ↓ Huey Long April 13, 2017 at 5:24 pm I’m in my mid 30’s and lots of couples I know in my age cohort seem to be getting dogs in lieu of having children. Reply ↓ petal April 13, 2017 at 9:12 pm I’m in my late 30s and I just haven’t been able to afford it. I keep thinking over things, trying to figure out a way to swing it. It’s breaking my heart and will be my biggest regret. So instead, I have two rescue dogs. Friends of mine have one child. There’s no way they could afford a second with jobs being so insecure, and day care and rent being so expensive. This seems to be common and people think it’s too risky to have more. One is difficult enough-or they just aren’t having them at all. Reply ↓ BobW April 13, 2017 at 9:24 pm The place I work seems to be a baby factory – off the top of my head I would put it at ~25% of the women or wives of co-workers in the last couple of years. Must be something in the water. Or maybe it’s because the workforce is almost entirely evangelical. I’m not complaining, their mind-set took me from homeless to middle-class (I checked, officially in the bottom third of the middle-class) in just a few years, first working part-time then full-time. They even put up with some of my red-flag waving rants. Tumbrils were mentioned in conversation more than once. Reply ↓ Kokuanani April 14, 2017 at 8:22 am I thought this next item on that Reddit thread was even better: You’re not alone. At least little Sallie Mae ran away but now I have her bigger bitch of a sister navient to deal with along with the other two bastards Reply ↓ djrichard April 13, 2017 at 5:09 pm CIA Director Pompeo Calls WikiLeaks A ‘Hostile Intelligence Service’ “It is time to call out WikiLeaks for what it really is,” he said, “a non-state hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia. Wonder when this net will be cast wider and applied to other sites that are not on the reservation. Giving it some more thought, isn’t each individual a non-state actor when it comes to intelligence – can any of us ever really be trusted by the state? I guess as long as we’re not hostile, we’re “harmless”/”mostly harmless”. Reply ↓ Rosario April 13, 2017 at 5:41 pm Haha, yeah I love that description, “a non-state hostile intelligence service.” Some US citizens and nearly all people outside the USA would use that descriptor for the CIA. They are barely accountable to the elected government short of executive appointments and highly corrupt oversight from congress. I guess they are pissed because Wikileaks forces them and the NSA to “work” harder? Reply ↓ Pat April 13, 2017 at 8:13 pm The thing that makes me saddest about this is that some people will buy that flaming pile of excrement, and that even pointing out the reason for the our Constitution’s position on a free press is because it was exactly the kind of reporting that Wikileaks has been doing that was part of the reason that this country was formed won’t make them realize that the problem isn’t that Wikileaks is exposing government secrets it is those secrets. Speaking truth to power should never be discouraged. But currently between ‘fake news” and “non-state hostile intelligence service” a whole lot of people in power are doing everything they can to do just that. Any thinking people should be questioning just why that is. Reply ↓ MoiAussie April 13, 2017 at 8:42 pm Hmmm, I guess, by blob rules, revealing inconvenient truths is the hostile act, worse than mere thought-crime. Revealing them to a wide audience exponentially amplifies the felony. So better be careful if you want to keep that “non-hostile” classification. (Actuallly, I just looked you up and you’re tagged as “potential threat”.) Reply ↓ ewmayer April 13, 2017 at 5:22 pm In Tabloids vs. Celebs shitfight news: UK’s Daily Mail to pay Melania Trump damages over modeling claims | Reuters Wild speculation, but maybe the threat of getting cruise-missiled helped speed the settlement-process along? Reply ↓ Matthew G. Saroff April 13, 2017 at 5:50 pm Kos is lying. He was in the tank for Clinton before the Iowa Caucuses, and he pushed as hard as he could without jeopardizing the success of the site in that ditection. Reply ↓ Pat April 13, 2017 at 8:04 pm I left Kos in the aftermath of the ACA disaster. Lets just say I don’t believe in cheerleading obviously bad ideas, especially when it is clear better things were possible. So I cannot speak to this lying personally, but I still call bull. If someone willing to check the message boards here from the period during the primaries could find a fair amount of evidence that Markos was lying. There were continual reports of his heavy handed treatment of Sanders supporters, and Clinton doubters. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 13, 2017 at 11:06 pm What good is the Great Orange Satan? It couldn’t deliver Hillary over the finish line. Hillary raised a billion dollar, and then there were the various PACs. What kind of action did Kos see in promised ad revenue? Exclusives? The Podesta emails reveal Hillary promised the VP slot to virtually every Senator, so its a reasonable hypothesis to conclude Hillary’s campaign made promises to the gatekeepers who helped beat her last time. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 6:45 pm “We’re finding that aesthetic images can induce staggering changes to the body, including radical reductions in the observer’s stress levels. Interesting method of determining stress level in the full paper. They use skin conductivity, presumably because you sweat under stress. I like the conclusion that viewing nature without fractals isn’t stress reducing, I’ve never been a nature person but the few nature images I like usually have some interesting geometries in them. I never would have thought of Jackson Pollock as using fractals either. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 13, 2017 at 7:01 pm p.s. the best way to get science papers is on reddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/Scholar/ Be sure to read the sidebar where the latest links to the Library Genesis database and Sci-hub can be found, as well as instructions for how to find a paper’s DOI to search those sites, and finally how to make a post if those sites don’t have the paper. And if anyone wanted the full paper on the science link Lambert mentioned. http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.669.8732 Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 13, 2017 at 9:18 pm https://www.emptywheel.net/2017/04/13/trump-is-a-market-disaster/ Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 13, 2017 at 9:27 pm Boy, is NBC really cranking up the fear machine! http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-s-may-launch-strike-if-north-korea-reaches-nuclear-n746366 Yeah, I suppose President Greg Stillson could start throwing matches at the gas can as early as this weekend but somehow I doubt it. Reply ↓ hunkerdown April 14, 2017 at 2:25 am From the twitterverse: @DarbyKathleen Hey @Support, Is “starting war” in violation of your code of conduct? Just curious. Thx. d@r6y The Associated Press @AP BREAKING: North Korea’s vice foreign minister says President Trump is “making trouble” with “aggressive” tweets. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 13, 2017 at 9:33 pm This column by Marcy Wheeler seems a fairly plausible assessment of DT’s pivot to DC conventional wisdom. She says the recent moves are the result of family intervention, not out of concern for Syrian babies, but rather to save the Trump brand as his sons try to expand the business. https://www.emptywheel.net/2017/04/13/trump-is-a-market-disaster/ It’s also reassuring because a Trump who is cynically just polishing his own apple as president is a Trump who is less likely to carelessly blow up the world. Bad for business. On the less reassuring side, in order to keep the press at least partly off his back and maintain brand reputation he may have to side with groups who seem a lot less concerned about rational self interest than he is. What, one wonders, will Ivanka tell him to do….. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 13, 2017 at 11:53 pm I’m just hoping Trump’s clear belief in dynasty means he’ll refrain from doing things that will make the earth unlivable for Ivanka’s many children. It’s pretty clear Hillary couldn’t care less about that. Reply ↓ ewmayer April 13, 2017 at 9:41 pm In the 1980s, architects found that patients recovered more quickly from surgery when given hospital rooms with windows looking out on nature. Other studies since then have demonstrated that just looking at pictures of natural scenes can change the way a person’s autonomic nervous system responds to stress.” Important! I wonder what effects on recovery allowing a friendly kitty to snuggle on the patient’s hospital bed would have? Fuzz therapy! Of course watching kitteh hack up a giant hairball might subtract a bit of therapeutic value. Probably best to stick to the room-with-a-view idea. Reply ↓ 2009 reader April 13, 2017 at 11:35 pm “TransCanada shuts down Keystone after oil seeps to surface” link in Gaia is an old link in 2016 by the way. Reply ↓ Quark April 14, 2017 at 2:23 am Reversing the Lies of the Sharing Economy https://howwegettonext.com/reversing-the-lies-of-the-sharing-economy-a85501d14be8 Reply ↓ Gaianne April 14, 2017 at 4:02 am “Brown’s administration is using federal security regulations written to thwart terrorism to deny public access to records that experts say could guide repairs to the Oroville Dam and provide insight into what led to the near catastrophic failure of its emergency spillway.” This is funny. There are some really good reasons why Brown will suppress the truth at all costs–if he can! His hope, of course, is that they fix the main spillway before the rainy season, in which case everybody will forget about the disaster. I have no direct knowledge of geology, but a geology blog that I read but failed to bookmark basically said that the bedrock, which lies near the surface of the hills that contains the lake, is inherently weak or rotten down to a depth of one hundred feet. We believe that because we saw how rapidly the hill eroded when the emergency spillway was over-topped for a few hours. The emergency spillway was never meant to be used, so somewhere along the way they cut corners on cost and built it in such a way that it could never be used. Brown certainly does not want that coming out. Also, the new repairs, while clearly better than nothing, are not inspiring. Basically they poured concrete over the rotten rock, which should certainly be stronger, but not a lot stronger. For example, I saw no sign that they vibrated it, which is a technical detail most people don’t know about it, but if you don’t do it you get embarrassing weaknesses in the concrete. So how much water can go over that thing before it fails again? More than last time, but not a lot. So again, they are not expecting to use it. So everything hangs on the main spillway. That thing is huge–a slab of concrete as wide as a freeway–not just freeway lanes, but median, shoulders, landscaping, everything. It may have been built right–I don’t know–but it certainly was not maintained right, and once water got through the crevice and started eroding the underlying rock it was a goner. As we saw. So now they are rebuilding it. If they rebuild it in the same place, they will have to rebuild the foundation as well. So? So nothing, it is just a big job, that is all. They are under some intense time pressure: They have to get it done before the next rainy season–probably November. I approach my point: The folks in California were just incredibly, incredibly lucky that the rainstorm predicted to follow by a week the rainstorm of the crisis never happened. The danger that loomed then still looms. Now, during the crisis, they pointed out over and over how both spillways were not near the dam itself, so the failures posed no threat to the dam. The first half of that is true and a good thing. The second half is not true–for there is danger anyway. The reason there is still danger is that a lake behind an earthen dam can not be emptied suddenly. Inside the dam itself is an impermeable barrier, which stops water from seeping, but has no strength of its own. The strength comes from the earth piled on either side, which is strong against the steady force of the lake’s pressure but without any resistance at all to flowing water. The earth on the upstream side of the barrier is saturated with water. If you lower the lake slowly that is no problem; the water will seep out of the earth and flow away. But if you lower the lake rapidly, the upstream earth will slump. This removes physical support to the barrier and it fails. When the barrier fails the whole dam fails. This past winter the emergency spillway began to erode back toward the strong lip at the top. They reopened the main spillway despite the massively increased destruction to it to avoid the bad scenerio. The bad scenerio is this: If water is pouring over the emergency spillway and the rock of the mountain erodes back to the lip, the rock underlying the lip will then erode in turn, and the lip will fail. When the lip fails the water will then rapidly cut a channel down to one hundred feet, emptying about a third of the lake. This is already bad, but what happens next is worse: The upstream side of the earthen dam slumps into the lake, the barrier fails, and then a channel cuts itself through the remains of the earthen dam and empties the rest of the lake. This is what did not happen this winter, but will happen next winter if the main spillway is not ready. –Gaianne (Footnote: No civil engineer will talk about this if he is still in the business. The reason is that there is no upside. Engineers who say scary things in public have trouble with their licenses, or at a minimum, with finding work. It’s not your concern anyway, unless the job is yours to work on, and then you should be fixing it, not talking about it. Politicians feel the same way only more so. Much more so.) Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 14, 2017 at 6:06 am http://www.interfluidity.com/v2/6846.html Conversations about airline regulation are often framed in terms of neoliberalism and its discontents. That’s dumb. On purely neoliberal terms, airlines were never a good candidate for “the magic of competition” to do its work. Neoliberals should support some form of regulation of air travel for precisely the same reason they support the limited, regulated monopolies provided by patent and copyright protection. Just like inventing stuff or writing novels, air travel is a high fixed cost, low marginal cost business. The prediction of the Economics 101 reasoning that animates neoliberal thinking is that, if competition is let to do its work, price will fall to marginal cost, and all the airlines will go out of business. And that’s right. That basically was the result of airline deregulation. It was, of course, nice for consumers during the period when competition drove price towards marginal cost. But that was a classic Stein’s Law moment, and it is silly to imagine it can be indefinitely repeated. Airline investors may be dumb, but even they eventually learn. Plus, the subsidy provided to airline consumers by loss-making airlines was not provided only by foolish investors. Ex post, airline creditors, employees, retirees contributed to the subsidy by having their debts, pensions, and benefits written down. Taxpayers contributed to the subsidy by bailing out the airlines. If we mean to keep air travel cheap via some form of socialized subsidy, we can do a better job of designing it. The second bold text is a design feature, not a defect. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Dead Dog on Links 4/15/17Perhaps the utopia Musk et al seek is... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17I agree 100% that the insurers benefitted from... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17To be more blunt, it's factually wrong in... Oregoncharles on Links 4/15/17I thought Carter was a really terrible President.... different clue on Links 4/15/17Well . . . that certainly is a... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,019) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,417) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,503) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (964) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,889) Links (3,053) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,035) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (444) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,020) Social values (1,791) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (455) The destruction of the middle class (1,350) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Shoplifter with meth in her bra lured boys to Wal-Mart with candy, police say Filed under Crime at 11 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Claire Ballor, Breaking news reporter Connect with Claire Ballor On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now A Dallas woman was arrested after police say she lured two children away from their homes with candy and the promise of more treats Tuesday. Castle Kameron Gately is jailed on $150,000 bail. (Dallas County Jail) Castle Kameron Gately, 23, was initially arrested on a shoplifting charge after she was seen stealing with the children at a Wal-Mart at 6185 Retail Road in northeast Dallas, police records show. Loss-prevention workers questioned the boys, ages 5 and 6, and it quickly became clear they didn't belong to Gately and didn't even know her, according to a police report. The boys said they had followed her to the Wal-Mart because she promised to buy them "whatever they wanted," according to her arrest warrant affidavit. The two friends said they had been playing outside their apartment complex when Gately approached them and said she'd buy them food and water if they came with her.  A witness told police he saw Gately "luring the children with a chocolate bar" so he followed her to the Wal-Mart, about a mile away from the children's homes.  When police searched Gately, who they said is homeless, they found a clear bag containing crystal methamphetamine tucked into her bra.  The two children were safely returned to their mothers, who had both called 911 to report them missing. Gately faces two charges of unlawful restraint of a minor, one count of substance possession and one count of property theft under $30,000. She is being held in the Dallas County Jail on $150,000 bail. View Comments Tags Crime News Dallas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Peeping suspect arrested at Dallas Wal-Mart over up-skirt phone pics Filed under Crime at 12 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Eline de Bruijn Connect with Eline de Bruijn On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now A 34-year-old Dallas man was arrested Monday after police say he used his phone to shoot video under a Wal-Mart customer’s skirt. Keevis Jumon Holland is being held in lieu of $50,000 bail. (Dallas County Jail) Keevis Jumon Holland was booked into the Dallas County Jail on a charge of improper photography or visual recording.  A security officer at the Wal-Mart at 1521 N. Cockrell Hill Road called police after he saw Holland on surveillance video following a woman and holding his cellphone under her skirt to shoot video and photos, according to an arrest warrant affidavit. After the woman told police that he didn't have her consent to do so, they arrested Holland and seized his cellphone.  Holland was on parole for a previous robbery conviction, for which he served time in prison.  He is being held in lieu of $50,000 bail. View Comments Tags Crime Dallas Oak Cliff Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Investing Rookie? Start With These 3 Stocks Here are two dominant companies and an index fund that every beginning investor should consider for his or her portfolio. Jason Hall, Chuck Saletta, and Seth McNew (TMFVelvetHammer) Apr 15, 2017 at 8:48AM If you're just getting started as an investor, congratulations! You're taking an important step that will almost certainly pay off over the long term, helping you build wealth to improve your family's life. But it can also be a foreboding experience, and there's a lot to learn. In its purest form, investing is all about finding the right companies, buying a piece of them at a reasonable price, and then holding them for as long as possible while the company does all the work.  And while that may seem simple -- and in many ways it is -- it's not always easy to know where to begin. We asked three of our contributors to write about a stock they think is ideal for investing rookies, and they gave us two well-known, dominant companies in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) and Walt Disney Co. (NYSE:DIS) and a low-cost index fund that is made up of more than 3,000 companies, the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF (NYSEMKT:VTI).  Image source: Getty Images. If you're still trying to get your investing legs underneath you, these three stocks are work a close look. Keep reading to learn why we think they're excellent starter stocks for new investors like you.  America's largest family-owned retailer Chuck Saletta (Wal-Mart Stores Inc.): Retail titan Wal-Mart may not immediately come to mind when you're thinking of family-owned businesses, but the Walton family controls about half its shares. In the rapidly changing world of modern retail, that family control can actually be a good thing, as it means the company doesn't have to answer to the short-term whims of Wall Street. Instead, management can focus on making solid long-term investments to help the company thrive for a long time to come. That opportunity for long-term focus as well as Wal-Mart's solid financial position and reasonable valuation make it a great stock for beginning investors to consider buying. It reported over $6.8 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet in its most recent annual report filing. In addition, its debt-to-equity ratio is around 0.6, indicating that Wal-Mart hasn't overextended itself in its search for growth. What Wal-Mart has done in that regard is to make acquisitions like online start-up retailer Jet.com, enabling it to accelerate its steps to remain relevant in the era of online shopping. It has also tried new store formats, though some -- like its tiny Wal-Mart Express format -- haven't necessarily work out as hoped.  Trading at around 16 times both past earnings and forward-looking earnings estimates, Wal-Mart won't set the world on fire, but it won't simply fade away either. With an average of around 4.2% earnings growth anticipated annually over the next five years, along with a dividend yield of around 2.8%, investors can modest returns, without exposing themselves to a ton of risk. That balance makes the company a great first stock for new investors. The stock that just gets more and more magical Seth McNew (Walt Disney Co.): For investors just starting out, there's no need to dig deep into the financials of companies you've never heard of to find great long-term investments. Disney is a great stock for investing rookies because the well-known company has an easy-to-understand business with success across multiple industries. For new investors, it's also easy to see what long-term growth drivers are likely to push its stock higher.  The four parts of Disney's business are cable networks, theme parks, studio entertainment (i.e., film studios), and consumer products. Disney's stock was pushed lower in 2015 and 2016 as analysts worried about the pressure ESPN, Disney's largest cable network, had been facing amid a changing consumer environment that favored cord-cutting and skinny cable packages without sports included. But over the past year, Disney has demonstrated its ability to offer its cable network programming through streaming devices. That, plus excitement about the new theme park opened in China last year, a hugely successful year of movie releases, and a growing consumer products and licensing segment have pushed Disney Stock up roughly 14% over the past year. Disney is firing on all cylinders right now, and analysts expect its earnings per share to continue to grow at around 10% in each of the next five years. For these and many other reasons, it looks like a great buy-and-hold stock for investors who want to learn more about picking great companies for long-term growth.  This low-cost ETF is a new investor's best friend  Jason Hall (Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF): I'm a firm believer that individual investors can beat the market. But it takes a lot of discipline, experience, and temperament that beginners, frankly, just don't have. For this reason, a low-cost index fund, such as the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF, is an excellent way for new investors to get invested in the stock market as early as possible while they build up the knowledge and experience to be successful at picking individual stocks.  Why the Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF? In short, because it's proven to be a great way to get solid returns and diversification in a single investment. This index fund, which gives you a stake in more than 3,500 different stocks, has outperformed the S&P 500 since Vanguard launched the ETF: VTI Total Return Price data by YCharts. And with an expense ratio of 0.05% -- that's $0.05 per year for every $1,000 invested in the fund -- it's a low-cost way to get nearly market-average returns. For beginning investors, it's not a bad idea to invest a portion of your portfolio in this fund, at least early in your investing career. Not only will this keep you invested while you become a better investor, but it could also mean you have a bigger portfolio to invest in individual stocks down the road.  Chuck Saletta has no position in any stocks mentioned. Seth McNew owns shares of Walt Disney. Jason Hall owns shares of Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jason Hall, Chuck Saletta, and Seth McNew (TMFVelvetHammer) Born and raised in the Deep South of Georgia, Jason now calls Southern California home. A Fool since 2006, he began contributing to Fool.com in 2012. Trying to invest better? Like learning about companies with great (or really bad) stories? Jason can usually be found there, cutting through the noise and trying to get to the heart of the story. Follow @TMFVelvetHammer Article Info Apr 15, 2017 at 8:48AM Consumer Goods Stocks Walt Disney NYSE:DIS $113.20 up $0.16 (0.14%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.15 down $0.29 (-0.39%) Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF NYSEMKT:VTI $119.55 down $0.82 (-0.68%) Read More How an IRA Works Apple, Inc. Is Pushing Ahead With Testing Self-Driving Cars How to Ditch Your Credit Card Debt A Facelift Isn't Cutting It for This Fashion Company How to Benefit from Rising Interest Rates Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Investing Rookie? Start With These 3 Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $DIS, $WMT, $VTI
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week April 15, 2017 6:12am INDEXDJX:.DJI NYSE:DIA ShareTweet From Zacks: The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) experienced an eventful and holiday shortened week, marked by growing geopolitical tensions. The index received a slight boost on Monday, primarily from energy shares, after U.S. oil prices closed at a one-month high. On Tuesday, the index slipped marginally following concerns over increase in geopolitical tensions including the U.S. attack on a Syrian air base and possible conflict with North Korea. These concerns flowed into Wednesday, leading to larger losses for the Dow. Last Week’s Performance The Dow declined marginally last Friday, dragged down by weaker-than-expected March jobs data and President Trump’s surprise attack against an airbase near Homs, Syria. Jobs data showed an increase of 98,000 jobs in March, marking the smallest gain in almost a year. Moreover, New York Fed President William Dudley’s comments hinting at a simultaneous rate hike along with Fed’s plan to reduce its balance sheet, adversely affected the equity market. Over the last week, the index declined 0.03%. During the week, stocks suffered a setback after the release of minutes from the Federal Reserve. Weak auto sales data and a dip in manufacturing growth rate also had an adverse impact on the investor sentiments which eventually led the benchmarks to finish in the red. The Dow This Week The index gained marginally on Monday, boosted primarily by energy shares, which gained after U.S. oil prices closed at a one-month high. Gains in energy shares offset some geopolitical turmoil including U.S. attack on Syrian air base last Thursday. Meanwhile investors remained focus on bank earnings set to begin later this week. Financials declined as investors expressed concerns over lofty valuations of equities and raised doubts over Trump’s ability to implement his pro-growth policies. The index declined a meagre 0.03% on Tuesday as investors remained concerned over increase in geopolitical tensions including the U.S. attack on a Syrian air base and possible conflict with North Korea. Investors remained focused on upcoming corporate earnings results while they also raised questions over Trump’s ability to implement deregulation policies. Meanwhile, Trump’s comments on revamping the Dodd-Frank law helped stocks pare losses. The index lost 0.3% on Wednesday as investors remained worried about rising geopolitical concerns including U.S. strike on a Syrian air base last week and escalating tension between U.S. and North Korea. The rise in geopolitical tensions led S&P 500 and Dow industrials to finish below their 50-day moving averages for the first time since November. The market’s fear gauge touched a five-month high. Investors also kept close watch on the Presidential election in France. Components Moving the Index 3M Company (MMM – Free Report) has over 109,000 patents in various categories across its product portfolio. Over the years, the company has successfully enforced its patent rights against unauthorized uses and filed legal suits against firms that infringed them. The latest of such litigations is a patent infringement suit against China-based manufacturing firm, Phoenix Automotive Refinishing and California-based marketing firm, K2 Concepts. In the lawsuit filed in the Central District of California, 3M alleged that Phoenix violated seven patents, manufacturing some automotive painting spray gun cup products in China and selling them in the U.S. through K2 Concepts. The infringed patent relates to 3M’s PPS technology that facilitates the efficient mixing and spraying of coatings for automotive collision repair. The stock has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. The Walt Disney Company’s (DIS – Free Report) latest live-action remake “Beauty and the Beast” is only few million away from touching the magical figure of $1 billion. The stock has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). So far “Beauty and the Beast” has grossed $984 million globally, making it the 29th highest grossing movie of all time internationally and is behind “The Dark Knight”, “The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey”, “Zootopia” and “Alice in Wonderland”. To date, the movie’s overseas collections are pegged at $550.5 million and if it continues to perform at the same level then it is likely to cross $1 billion mark globally. Notably, the movie was made at a budget of nearly $160 million. (Read: Disney’s (DIS – Free Report) Beauty and the Beast Nears $1 Billion Mark) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT – Free Report) is reportedly laying off a number of employees this month in its international and technology businesses and at Sam’s Club warehouse chain. Per The Wall Street Journal, the move is part of Zacks Rank #3 rated Wal-Mart’s plans to lower expenses, owing to rising costs. The company has been witnessing increased costs due to higher investment in e-commerce operations. The company is making efforts to maintain its low-cost pricing in the U.S. retail sector and streamline stores, making them more efficient. (Read: Wal-Mart (WMT – Free Report) Announces Job Cuts to Bring Down Expenses) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK – Free Report) announced that the FDA has denied approval to include cardiovascular outcomes data on the labels of its diabetes drug, Januvia (sitagliptin) and other medicines containing Januvia. The FDA issued a complete response letter to Zacks Rank #3 rated Merck’s supplemental new drug applications (sNDA) seeking approval to include data from the TECOS (Trial Evaluating Cardiovascular Outcomes with Sitagliptin) trial on labels of Januvia, Janumet (Januvia+ metformin HCl) and Janumet XR, an extended release formulation of Janumet. Merck is reviewing the letter and will discuss further steps with the FDA. (Read: Merck’s Bid to Add Cardiovascular Data on Januvia Label Fails) Intel Corp (INTC – Free Report) has finally completed the divestiture of its majority stake in Intel Security division to alternative asset fund manager TPG. The newly spun-off unit has been renamed McAfee, with TPG holding 51% stake. As previously announced, Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) rated Intel and TPG valued the security division at $4.2 billion. Per the agreement, Intel received $3.1 billion in cash and retained 49% stake post the completion of the transaction. Per an agreement with TPG, private equity firm Thoma Bravo also joined as a minority shareholder. Moreover, TPG’s investment of almost $1.1 billion in the standalone business will boost McAfee’s capital base. (Read: Intel Trims Business, Sells Majority Stake in Security Unit) Microsoft Corp (MSFT – Free Report) has acquired container technology specialist, Deis for an undisclosed amount. The acquisition will help it boost Azure Cloud’s ability to run containerized workloads. Per a blog post, Scott Guthrie, Zacks Rank #3 rated Microsoft’s Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise Group, said “Containers have been at the forefront of cloud transformation in recent years, and for good reason: Container technologies let organizations more easily build, deploy and move applications to and from the cloud.” He further added that Deis will give “developers the means to vastly improve application agility, efficiency and reliability through their Kubernetes container management technologies.” Kubernetes is an open source system, designed by Alphabet’s (GOOGL – Free Report) Google, to help in automation of deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. (Read: Microsoft (MSFT – Free Report) Acquires Deis to Boost Azure Cloud Services) Performance of the Top 10 Dow Companies The table given below shows the price movements of the 10 largest components of the Dow, which is a price weighted index, over the last five days and during the last six months. Over the last five trading days, the Dow has lost 0.3% Ticker Last 5 Day’s Performance 6-Month Performance MMM -0.2% +11.6% GS -0.5% +34.8% IBM -1.1% +11% HD -0.1% +16% BA -0.6% +32% UNH +0.6% +23.4% MCD +0.3% +13.7% TRV +0.2% +5.6% JNJ +0.6% +6% AAPL -1.6% +21.2% Next Week’s Outlook Several crucial economic reports and big bank earnings are lined up for release over the end of this week and the next. Bank earnings are likely to set the tone for the rest of the earnings releases while data on retail sales and industrial production will provide clues about the Fed’s future actions. However, geopolitical issues are likely to hold center stage and it is likely that such developments will dictate the direction of markets in the days to come. The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (NYSE:DIA) closed at $204.37 on Thursday, down $1.30 (-0.63%). Year-to-date, DIA has gained 3.47%, versus a 4.02% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. DIA currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #5 of 74 ETFs in the Large Cap Value ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Tags: Dow Jones Industrial Average INDEXDJX:.DJI Categories: INDEXDJX:.DJI NYSE:DIA NYSE:SPY Read Next The Dow Jones Industrial Average Is Stuck In An Early Spring Rut Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged On Tuesday Can The Dow Jones Industrial Average Manage Another New High This Week? Will The Dow Jones Industrial Average Finally Pull Back This Week? Washington Is The Only Catalyst Driving The Dow Jones Industrial Average Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week Volatility Begins To Strike The Dow Jones Industrial Average Amid Global Tensions Here’s Why Oil Prices Spiked This Week Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch In Stock At Nintendo Store In New York Starting Easter Monday Posted: Apr 15 2017, 4:27am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 15 2017, 5:39am CDT, in News | Technology News   Credit: Nintendo   Nintendo fans can find a Nintendo Switch in stock at Nintendo's New York flagship store starting on Easter Monday morning. The Nintendo Switch is in stock at many Walmart Stores Saturday morning according to the Nintendo Switch Stock Tracker. Consumers who fail to find a Nintendo Switch in stock can line up again at the Nintendo Store in New York on Easter Monday, April 17. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock The Nintendo flagship store in New York has released a Switch sales schedule for all of next week. On Easter Monday, April 17 the Switch goes on sale at 10am. On Tuesday the sale begins at 3pm, Wednesday at 10am, Thursday at 3pm and on Friday at 10am.  Consumers living in New York or visit the Big Apple, can line up at the Nintendo store at 10 Rockefeller Plaza to score a hard to find $299.99 Nintendo Switch. The demand is still extreme for the Nintendo Switch. Shoppers need to line up at least 3 hours before the announced sale time to have a fighting chance on getting a Switch. The Nintendo store requires shoppers to pay with credit card and show their identification. The store is only selling one Switch in 2 month to one person. Both versions of the Switch are usually available. The store usually has about one hundred units in stock.  The store is distributing wristbands to customers in line. The Nintendo Store is distributing wristbands to shoppers waiting in line. Nintendo's flagship store has offered the Switch each day last week. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch start a around $375 now, a $15 drop from end of the week. The lowest priced Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con is selling for $380 and free shipping. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con still fetches over $420 on the marketplace. Nintendo announced last week that more Nintendo Switch consoles are on the way. The Mario company said the truth. Lots of new Switch inventory has been showing up over the past days. Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch three weeks ago. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York sold Nintendo Switch each day last week. Read our special Nintendo Switch Easter Shopping Guide to find a Switch in stock. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. Nintendo announced to have sold over 900,000 Switch consoles in March in the United States. The Switch is the fastest selling console in Nintendo's history. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT Here Is When The Finished Tesla Model 3 Will Be Revealed 14 hours ago, 10:23am CDT Nintendo Switch Mini Is Reportedly In The Works 14 hours ago, 10:21am CDT Here Is The First ad for Samsung Galaxy S8 /S8+ 14 hours ago, 10:11am CDT Oman Mountains Hold Clues for Reversing Climate Change 10 hours ago, 2:53pm CDT iPhone 8: All You Need to Know About Apple's Anniversary iPhone 14 hours ago, 10:33am CDT In-Display Touch ID, 4mm Bezels, and Invisible front camera to feature in iPhone 8 14 hours ago, 10:29am CDT The Hottest SUVs of the 2017 New York Auto Show 14 hours ago, 10:17am CDT Huawei set to launch 3 new MateBooks 14 hours ago, 10:06am CDT Samsung DeX For Galaxy S8/S8+ Is Now On Sale 14 hours ago, 10:01am CDT New York Auto Show Hypercars 16 hours ago, 8:46am CDT How Crack on Antarctic Ice Shelf has Grown Over the Years 16 hours ago, 8:40am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now 16 hours ago, 8:10am CDT The Samsung Galaxy S8 Has Over 4 Hours More Battery Life on Korea's KT Network 17 hours ago, 7:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend Technology News How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT Here Is When The Finished Tesla Model 3 Will Be Revealed 14 hours ago, 10:23am CDT Nintendo Switch Mini Is Reportedly In The Works 14 hours ago, 10:21am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Oman Mountains Hold Clues for Reversing Climate Change 10 hours ago, 2:53pm CDT How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT iPhone 8: All You Need to Know About Apple's Anniversary iPhone 14 hours ago, 10:33am CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR 6 lessons ‘Ghost in the Shell’ can teach you about cybersecurity GeekWire Deals: 2TB of secure cloud storage to protect everything you’ve got This Week in Seattle: Mayor fights abuse allegations, City Council recovers $3M in unpaid fees for affordable housing, and more Report: Uber claims revenue growth exceeds losses after burning through billions in 2016 Startup Spotlight: Swym wants to help e-commerce companies better compete with Amazon M3 Biotechnology gets another $1.4M in funding, prepares to start clinical trials of leading drug candidate SpaceX schedules Hyperloop II contest in August, and UW’s team is in the race Five-year Qualcomm Tricorder XPRIZE competition awards $2.5M first place prize to Final Frontier Medical Devices Geek of the Week: Museum of Flight’s Matt Hayes has hand in the history and eye on future of aviation Seattle startup TurboPatent raises $1.4M to expand patent automation capabilities And so it begins: First trailer for ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ turns to the dark side Washington state passes bill to prevent sale of biometric data without consent A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections Fashwire raises cash for fashion app that gives designers real-time consumer feedback T-Mobile spends $8B on low-band spectrum to strengthen LTE network across the U.S. GeekWire Deals: 50% off Bluetooth headphones with premium sound quality and all-day comfort GeekWire podcast special: Behind the curtain of the GeekWire Awards Vote for Innovation of the Year: Groundbreaking tech for driverless cars, VR, data centers and more Hubble spots more signs of Europa’s watery plumes, lifting hopes for habitability Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Vote for CEO of the Year: These top tech execs are driving change through creative leadership ‘Most important computer in history’: Steve Jobs machine part of Apple exhibit at Paul Allen museum Former Redfin employees aim to simplify the mortgage process with new startup: Approved GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year Amazon opens up Alexa’s microphone and voice processing technology to hardware makers This was Amazon’s highest-earning employee in 2016 — and it wasn’t Jeff Bezos GeekWire Awards: Vote for Young Entrepreneur of the Year and check out what these finalists have accomplished by 30 Seattle votes to upzone South Lake Union and downtown (again) Hit reply to get paid: Microsoft vets take on LinkedIn with novel ‘Nextio’ messaging service Pluto VR raises $13.9M to build out virtual reality communication platform Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Ex-Amazon manager’s new startup mixes smart home tech with modular construction to make housing more affordable Why this East Coast electric bike retailer relocated to Seattle for its clicks-to-bricks operation Microsoft debuts new Surface Studio apps as it prepares to roll out big Windows 10 update Trending: A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Startup Spotlight: Swym wants to help e-commerce companies better compete with Amazon by Monica Nickelsburg on April 14, 2017 at 3:32 pmApril 14, 2017 at 3:32 pm Comments  1 Share  12 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Sponsored by Startup Spotlight profiles emerging tech companies in the Pacific Northwest. Do you run a standout startup? Apply for Startup Spotlight. Swym CEO Arvind Krishnan. (Swym Photo) It’s not an easy time to be in the e-commerce business. Tech titans, like Amazon and Walmart, are able to devote far more resources to their digital products than smaller companies have at their disposal. That’s where Swym comes in. The Seattle startup has a platform that allows online retailers to provide features similar to Amazon’s shopping history or Expedia’s “Scratchpad” tool. Using Swym, retailers can track shoppers behavior across multiple devices, allowing them to follow-up with customers the next time they visit the website. If for example, a shopper adds an item to her cart while browsing on mobile, the retailer can remind her next time she visits the site on her laptop. Swym’s technology works even if the shopper hasn’t logged into an account. Watch the video below for an overview of how the product works. “Consumer shopping journeys are becoming increasingly multi-device, and their expectations for what makes for a good shopping experience are constantly evolving,” said Swym CEO Arvind Krishnan. “It’s becoming clear that brands that don’t put digital convenience at the forefront will not stand much of a chance in the new landscape.” Swym is a product of the TiE Silicon Valley incubator. The startup is a current member of the Techstars Seattle 2017 class. We caught up with Krishnan for this Startup Spotlight, a regular GeekWire feature. Continue reading for his answers to our questionnaire. Explain what you do so our parents can understand it: “Smartphones are changing the way we shop in very fundamental ways. Swym helps e-commerce brands engage better with their mobile shoppers by accurately mapping a shopper’s journey across devices, and using that context to deliver a truly personalized experience for them.” Inspiration hit us when: “We were frustrated by the mobile shopping experience offered by most retailers – it seemed pretty ordinary and hardly personal. Meanwhile, services like Netflix, Spotify, and Flipboard were delivering a ‘wow’ experience by making it all about the user, and what the user cares about. When we first encountered the Expedia Scratchpad, we thought all e-commerce sites should have that assistance capability and our vision started to come together for how we bridge those two worlds of e-commerce and personalized assistance.” VC, Angel or Bootstrap: “It’s been an interesting journey — we were incubated at TiE Launchpad in Silicon Valley, raised some angel money subsequently, and are now part of Techstars Seattle. After a few failed experiments around the right path to scale, we’ve seen some incredible growth in the last eight months and are very excited about the road ahead.” Our ‘secret sauce’ is: “Being able to map the shopper journey across devices and leveraging that to deliver a personalized experience for them.” The smartest move we’ve made so far: “While the opportunity we are going after is broad and complex, it was important to focus initially on a specific segment and prove out our hypothesis. We made a bold call a few months ago to focus solely on the Shopify platform as our first stop, and that has worked out really well for us.” The biggest mistake we’ve made so far: “Trying to build a self-serve offering initially for a market segment that wasn’t quite ready for self-serve. A few initial false positives sent us down the wrong path early on, but thankfully we course corrected before it was too late.” Would you rather have Gates, Zuckerberg or Bezos in your corner: “With a fair bit of Microsoft DNA in the team, there is always an inherent Gates bias, but we also feel his influence is already a part of who we are. And given our vertical and the focus on the customer experience, we’d hugely value having Jeff in our corner. Amazon’s been absolutely amazing at demonstrating how relentless customer focus can be a massively successful strategy, and we definitely look to them for inspiration in more ways than one.” Our favorite team-building activity is: “We love our weekend ‘hackathons’ – every couple of months, we vote on a fun feature/module we want to build together, camp out at some remote, exotic location to build it, and don’t get out until we are done. It’ll be more challenging to keep this going as the team grows, but it’s done wonders for team chemistry.” The biggest thing we look for when hiring is: “Three things actually – passion for making a big impact, a relentless focus on getting things done, and a strong culture fit with the team.” What’s the one piece of advice you’d give to other entrepreneurs just starting out: “You are going to hear “no,” a lot. Don’t let that faze you – you are on this path for a reason. Back yourself 100 percent, keep making forward progress, and the tide will eventually turn in your favor. Editor’s note: GeekWire is featuring each of the companies in the Techstars Seattle 2017 accelerator as they prepare for their Demo Day April 19. GeekWire’s regular Startup Spotlight feature offers an inside look at emerging Pacific Northwest tech companies. Check out the archive of past profiles here. Do you run a standout startup in the Pacific Northwest? Apply for Startup Spotlight. Sponsor Post Startup Spotlight sponsored by         More Startup Spotlight Startup Spotlight: Coastline’s digital marketplace connects fishermen with seafood joints Startup Spotlight: Hazel wants to help managers be better leaders using software Startup Spotlight: Valid8 takes the complexity out of analyzing financial records Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 1 Share  12 Tweet Share  6 Reddit Email Previous StoryM3 Biotechnology gets another $1.4M in funding, prepares to start clinical trials of leading drug candidate Next StoryReport: Uber claims revenue growth exceeds losses after burning through billions in 2016 Filed Under: Startup Spotlight • Startups  Tagged With: e-commerce • retail • startup • startup spotlight • swym • TechStars GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Research: Amazon won Cyber Monday with a whopping 36 percent of online sales Amazon and other retailers see early surge in holiday sales thanks to mobile shopping Study: 55% of shoppers start their search on Amazon, up 11% from last year The best Black Friday deals: Gear, gadgets, games and much more Previous StoryM3 Biotechnology gets another $1.4M in funding, prepares to start clinical trials of leading drug candidate Next StoryReport: Uber claims revenue growth exceeds losses after burning through billions in 2016 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: 2TB of secure cloud storage to protect everything you’ve got GeekWire Deals: 50% off Bluetooth headphones with premium sound quality and all-day comfort Most Popular on GeekWire Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Senior Engineer – Distributed SystemsContext Relevant A Word From Our Sponsors Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Under Amour's CEO is paid the salary of a Walmart worker — but he's found another way to get rich Business Insider Hayley Peterson 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The richest women in the world Financial stats that sum up average Americans © Provided by Business Insider kevin plank Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank earns a salary of about $26,000 annually, which is about as much as a Walmart store employee.  Quotes in the article Under Armour Inc UAA ▼ 19.26 -0.02 -0.10% That may seem shockingly low for the chief executive of an $8 billion company, but Plank has found some other ways to get rich.  Specifically, Plank owns more than 15% of the company's shares outstanding, which are valued at more than $1.3 billion, according to a company proxy released Thursday. Additionally, businesses controlled by Plank are benefitting from more than $73 million that Under Armour has funneled to them in the last year. The payments include $2.4 million to lease a jet and a $6,500-per-hour helicopter owned by one of Planks' companies, according to the proxy. Under Armour also paid $70.3 million to one of Plank's companies last year for a piece of land his company owned near the clothing brand's headquarters in Baltimore, Maryland. Under Armour plans to use the land to expand its corporate headquarters. The Wall Street Journal previously reported on the proxy. Under Armour has plans to use a hotel owned by Plank and his brother, Scott Plank, for business purposes as well, the company said in the filing. The hotel, located in Baltimore, opened in March 2017. "We have negotiated corporate rate discounts for use of the hotel with the management company, consistent with rates otherwise available for comparable hotels in the area," the company said.  For all the other transactions involving Plank's companies, Under Armour says it used an independent outside party to appraise the fair market value of the transaction. In other words, the company tried to make sure it wasn't paying more than it otherwise would, just to do business with Plank's companies. Under Armour's business dealings with Plank's companies come to light as the company shares have been getting hammered, falling 30% since the beginning of the year following news that revenue growth contracted sharply in the most recent quarter after years of explosive gains.  The company's net revenue still rose about 12% in the fourth quarter to $1.31 billion, but that was its slowest sales growth in eight years. Analysts had expected revenue of $1.41 billion. NOW WATCH: The owner of New York’s oldest deli explains how Katz’s is able to sell 15,000 pounds of pastrami a week Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider 'Why is it your right to take away my right to choose?': Teenager slams top Republican senator during testy town hall Business Insider Chipotle is quietly raising prices during its worst time in history (CMG) Business Insider Chris Christie and Mike Tyson had an awkward exchange after Tyson said Trump promised him a 'pardon' Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 15 - April 18 Posted:   04/14/2017 09:46:25 PM MDT Today, April 15 Sterling Lions Club Easter Egg Hunt — 8 a.m., Columbine Park. For preschool through fourth grade. Don't be late, the hunt is over quickly. Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. NJC Theatre Presents "Reckless" — house opens 6:30 p.m., show 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Cost $5 per person, NJC students and faculty free. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m., Jim Ehrlich. Cost $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, April 16 Easter Sunday Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Movie Matinee — 4 p.m., 315 W. Railroad Ave., Iliff. Free popcorn. Monday, April 17 Advertisement SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Spunk and Spirit Christian Writers Group — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Life Fellowship in Fort Morgan. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, April 18 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Northeast Colorado Women's Connection — social time 11:30 a.m. to noon, program noon to 1:30 p.m., Delgado's Dugout. Vocalist Jim Yahn; Melissa Atkinson and Margie Peak will demonstrate building May Baskets; Leta Dalberg, manager of Silver Cliff Ranch, "Identity Crisis Create Quick Change Artists." Cost $13. For reservations: Margie 520-9154, Lynne 886-3285, cwcrsvp@yahoo.com. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Las Amigas — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Taking Charge of Your Diabetes — 1 to 3 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. Participants will learn how to incorporate diet, exercise, monitoring glucose levels, managing stress, and medication management into their personalized self-management plan. Medicare and other insurance plans will pay for all or part of the program if the program is ADA recognized. A written referral from your provider is needed. Pre-registration is required. Call Glenda Amen at 521-3260. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. STEAM Program — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Program: Fun in the Dirt! Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Sterling After 5 — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Delgados Dugout. Vocalist Jim Yahn, Melissa Atkinson and Margie Peak will demonstrate building May Baskets; Leta Dalberg, manager of Silver Cliff Ranch, "Identity Crisis Create Quick Change Artists." Cost $13. For reservations: Brenna 571-0320, Melanie 522-4979, sterlingafter5@yahoo.com. Logan County Planning Commission — 7 p.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 19 Monthly Wellness Open Lab — 7 to 9 a.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. Blood screenings available are: Lipid Profile + Glucose $25; High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein $15; Homocysteine $30; PSA $25; Chemistry Panel (includes liver function) $35; Hemoglobin A1c $25; Vitamin D $45. Com to the main lab at SRM. Call 521-3260 to schedule an appointment or for more information. Toddle Time Story Time — 10:30 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 18 months to 36 months, with an adult. Senior Citizen's Club Cornelius Dinner — noon, Heritage Center. Rotary Club — Noon, Northeastern Junior College, Tennant Art Gallery inside Hays Student Center. Gloria Kaiser, "Medicare and Nursing Home Care." Walking Wednesday — 12:05 and 5:15 p.m., Pioneer Park. Fleming VFW Oyster Fry — Begins at 5 p.m. Iliff Triangle AA Group — 6 p.m., Iliff Trading Post, 315 Railroad Ave., Iliff. Rides available by calling Kathy at 522-5006 or can be arranged with other members. League of Women Voters — 6:30 p.m., Department of Human Services Community Room. 521-6561 Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Sports nutrition for the young athlete "Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you've got a kingdom," is how Jack LaLanne, the popular "godfather of fitness" eloquently summed up the relationship between nutrition and exercise for overall fitness.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 15 - April 18 Sterling BPW seeks nominations for Celebration of Women   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Sun 16 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era rip ahmed kathrada on the road news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol technology Technology All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Wal-Mart deepens battle with Amazon Technology | 15 April 2017 Matthew Boyle London - Wal-Mart Stores will offer discounts on more than a million online-only items that customers then pick up at stores, part of an effort by the world’s largest retailer to challenge Amazon.com. Taking another page from the Jet.com business it bought last year, Wal-Mart will first cut prices on about 10 000 web-only items such as Britax car seats and Lego toys, according to a statement. The Pickup Discount program, which starts on April 19, will expand to more than a million so-called “long tail” items by the end of June, the company said. Share this story AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File The Pickup Discount effort builds on Jet’s Smart Card business model, which provides discounts to customers who package items together or forgo returns. “We are beginning to take the ethos behind Jet’s Smart Cart and marrying it with Wal-Mart’s operational efficiency,” Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce business, said in the statement. “Quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings.” The move is Lore’s latest step to check Amazon’s growing online dominance, and shows how he’s keen to meld Jet’s innovations with Wal-Mart’s 4 700-store network. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart scrapped a free-shipping program that competed with Amazon’s Prime membership and replaced it with free two-day deliveries for orders of at least $35. Amazon will control half of the US e-commerce market by 2021, according to analysts at Needham & Company. They estimate that the online giant currently commands 34 percent, compared with Wal-Mart’s less than 5 percent. Read also: WalMart sued over craft beers “Wal-Mart is trying to move quickly and is stepping up its game,” Robin Sherk, an e-commerce analyst at Kantar Retail, said by phone. “The idea of passing cost savings onto the shopper is something that could be quite disruptive.” Delivery savings The discounts vary by item and reflect the savings to Wal-Mart for shipping the orders to its stores on one of its more than 6 700 trucks, rather than to a customer’s house. The $148.05 Britax B-Safe 35 infant car seat is reduced by 5 percent to $140.65, while the Lego City Great Vehicles Ferry is discounted 11 percent to $21.44. Other products in the program are Coleman coolers and Vizio televisions. In an interview, Lore called the program a “game-changer” and said the level of discounts could be adjusted going forward. “Part of the reason why we are launching 10 000 products to start and growing it over time is that we want to perfect that discount,” he said. Wal-Mart’s web investments - which also include acquisitions of sites like Moosejaw and ModCloth, a new network of e-commerce distribution centres and an expansion of online grocery - have prompted belt-tightening elsewhere. The company has reduced headcount at both its West Coast technology hub and at its Bentonville, Arkansas, headquarters. Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said at a March investor conference that the company needs to be “a little tougher on ourselves around expenses” and “rejuvenate” the famed low-cost culture that patriarch Sam Walton instilled. Read also: Wal-Mart creates Store No 8 outlets The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical retailers to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. A typical Wal-Mart supercenter offers about 120 000 items, while its website currently has 35 million products available. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet in August and quickly put founder Lore and his lieutenants in charge of its online strategy. Lore used to work at Amazon, which acquired an earlier business of his, Quidsi, operator of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com. Last month, Amazon said it’s shutting Quidsi because it couldn’t make a profit, eliminating more than 260 jobs. Wal-Mart’s online sales rose 29 percent last quarter, helping its holiday results top estimates. So-called click-and-collect orders, which are picked up curbside at stores, increased 27 percent in the period. Some curbside pickup customers do enter the store to buy additional items, Lore said, declining to provide specifics. “The thing that is smart is when you encourage someone to come to the store, it creates a new trip driver,” Kantar’s Sherk said. Bloomberg Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 'Former Model C schools are anti-ANC' 2 Accomplices to financial murder 3 Zuma turns to clergy for prayer 4 Chiefs joint top with City after Lebese strike 5 Wife learns of affair after husband dies in crash with lover Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 4/15 Updated This is what American teenagers want to be when they grow up 4/15 Updated The Olsen twins’ debacle may have made free internships a thing of the past 4/15 Updated Most millennials don’t want to pay for Netflix 4/15 Updated ‘My family lost 90% of our Silicon Valley income — and we’ve never been happier’ 4/15 Updated How you could deduct a swimming pool from your income taxes, and 4 other surprising items 4/15 Updated Have you heard the one about a Nobel Prize–winning economist getting ejected from a United Airlines flight? 4/15 Updated 10 best quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — here’s what they really mean 4/15 Updated 10 photos of North Korea’s massive military parade as ‘Frankenmissile’ is unveiled 4/15 Updated Trump demands a carriage ride with the Queen during his U.K. visit 4/15 'Dancing Trump' joins tax march in Washington, D.C. 4/15 Trump tax protest turns violent in Berkeley, Calif. 4/15 Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 4/15 Tax March: Protesters demand Trump release tax returns 4/15 Dozens killed after bomb hits buses carrying Syrian evacuees 4/15 Updated Todd Heap, former NFL tight end, accidentally runs over, kills 3-year-old daughter 4/15 Updated Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 4/15 Updated United Airlines earnings: can profit beat expectations for fifth-straight quarter? 4/15 Updated United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions 4/15 Updated How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office 4/15 Trump’s companies benefit from roughly $500,000 in campaign funds, document shows Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart in talks to acquire men's apparel retailer Bonobos, reports Recode By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 14, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Share By TonyaGarcia Reporter Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.39% is in advanced acquisition talks with men's apparel retailer Bonobos, according to a Recode report published Friday. Sources tell Recode that both sides have agreed to a price and due diligence on the deal is underway. MarketWatch has reached out to Wal-Mart for comment. Bonobos launched a decade ago as a place for men to find pants with a personalized fit. Today it has nearly three dozen "guideshops" that customers can visit, though purchases are shipped. Bonobos was valued at $300 million in 2014, according to Recode. Wal-Mart has made a number of fashion acquisitions in recent months, including women's retailer ModCloth and online outdoor retailer, Moosejaw. Wal-Mart shares are up 6.3% for the past year while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.68% is up 11.8% for the same period. Quote References WMT -0.29 -0.39% SPX -15.98 -0.68% Most Popular Stocks ride into North Korea ‘danger zone’ before Monday open 10 photos of North Korea’s massive military parade as ‘Frankenmissile’ is unveiled United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook... This medical device scans your brain on marijuana MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.15 -0.29 (-0.39%) Volume 5.2M Open $73.37 High $73.66 Low $73.15 P/E Ratio 16.66 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars COMMERCE Wal-Mart is reportedly in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos Reuters April 14, 2017 6:01 PM Tags: Bonobos, Reuters, Wal-Mart, Walmart Above: Bonobos. Image Credit: Bonobos Wal-Mart Stores is in advanced discussions to buy online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos, Recode reported on Friday, citing sources. Wal-Mart and Bonobos have agreed on a price and the deal is in final due diligence, Recode said. Nordstrom is an investor in Bonobos. The website said that the price of the deal could not be learned, but a retail business would likely fetch one to two times revenue. Bonobos has $100 million to $150 million in revenue and was valued at $300 million in 2014, the article said. The world’s biggest retailer has been working aggressively to close the gap with rival Amazon under the leadership of Chief Executive Doug McMillon and new e-commerce chief Marc Lore. The deal, if announced, would become the fourth e-commerce acquisition by the retailer in less than a year. Wal-Mart declined to comment while, Bonobos did not respond to the requests for comment. Lore has overseen the acquisition of three other online retailers, shuffled management and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over $35, without any membership fees to compete with Amazon’s popular Prime shipping program. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Alden Bentley and Cynthia Osterman) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Jocelyn Hernandez, 5, drops candy into her Easter basket during the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Fairfield Kiwanis of Fairfield host annual Easter egg hunt By Susan Hiland From page A1 | April 16, 2017 0SHARES ShareTweet 0 SHARES ShareTweet FAIRFIELD — The Easter Bunny was greeted Saturday with squeals of delight from little children, and older ones ran over to say “hello” at Lee Bell Park. The Kiwanis of Fairfield have been bringing smiles to children’s faces this time of year for 53 years. The Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt is a little different from others because the children hunt for candy and only a few eggs are hidden in the green grass. Those that find the special eggs get a large Easter basket filled with goodies. Kiwanian Tess Downey has become an expert at getting the event together for the past five years. Her car was filled with baskets for boys and girls. “Walmart again donated 36 baskets this year,” she said. Other businesses, such as Jelly Belly, Raley’s, Safeway and Metro Candy, also donated sugary goodies for the annual event. “We probably have hundreds of pounds of candy,” Downey said. Spencer Young, 13, of Vallejo, decided not to hunt for eggs and candy this year. He’s hoping his five siblings will share their loot with him later. “My favorite part of the day is spending it with family and celebrating what I believe, which is the resurrection of Christ,” he said. His grandfather, Tom Bender of Marysville, brought his dog and grandchildren for a day out, giving his daughter a chance to recover from surgery. He’s staying in their Travis Air Force Base home to help the family out. “She has the house to herself for awhile, so she can recover,” he said. High school students from Armijo High School’s Key Club came to help spread the candy on the grass. With about 20 Kiwanians and 15 high school students, the day came together in a short time. People showed up early, including Teresa Montes of Fairfield and her daughter Maile Swisher, 7½, who enjoyed the warmth of the sun while the Kiwanis tossed candy on the grass. “We have come to this event a couple of times,” Montes said. Her daughter expressed a love of Jolly Rancher candy and hoped the day didn’t end at Lee Bell Park but continued for a few more hours at some other Easter egg hunts. “Do you want to do a couple more after this?” asked her mother. Swisher gave her mom a big smile and a nod of her head. “I’m not going to be tired,” Swisher said. Her mother agreed and thought she might be getting some help with the boundless energy from some of the candy in her basket. Reach Susan Hiland at 427-6981 or [email protected] Jocelyn Hernandez, 5, drops candy into her Easter basket during the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Jocelyn Hernandez, 5, drops candy into her Easter basket during the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Yatziri Arteaga, 4, second from left, makes a break for the candy at the start of the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Yatziri Arteaga, 4, wears Easter Bunny ears during the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Kids hold on to their Easter baskets before the start of the Kiwanis Fairfield Annual Easter Egg Hunt at Lee Bell Park in Fairfield, Saturday. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) 0 SHARES ShareTweet Susan Hiland Susan graduated from Southern Oregon University in Ashland, Oregon with a B.A. in Communications. She has eight years experience working for newspapers in Nebraska. Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Search Recent Articles Eat green foods to live longer, healthier life Movie villains are marked by bad skin conditions. Dermatologists aren’t happy. Today’s Print Edition Harassment accuser condemns UC Berkeley deal 20 cars destroyed in Northern California used car lot blaze 3 bids received to fix Oroville Dam’s damaged spillways Forum addresses reducing violence in community Local artist showcases her costumes at fashion show US: North Korean test missile explodes on launch Kiwanis of Fairfield host annual Easter egg hunt Women Who Care ready to award $10,000 to local nonprofit Bunnies and Bonnets goes to the dogs Celebration Church’s Easter carnival a blast of fun for everyone Native American tribes fear end of federal heating help Judge’s anti-death penalty protest riles conservatives Professor sues Wal-Mart over ‘clean toilets’ description Alaska oil well leaking gas in northern part of state Oldest US polar bear dies at San Francisco Zoo California governor grants 72 pardons, commutes sentences Man getting lost Purple Heart 66 years after brother’s death Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Home Seller 04-15-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-13-2017 American Home Week 2017 Home Seller 04-08-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-06-17 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Stars and Stripes 03-30-2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Small Business April 16, 2017 12:01 a.m. Is this the store of the future? Tom Murn's high-tech vending machine Vicki could compete with Amazon Go Matthew Flamm Comments Email Print × Photo: Buck Ennis Murn says the more access you give customers, the more they'll spend. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Small Business Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Small Business Alert email newsletter. An essential summary of the week's top headlines selected for small businesses. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Law firm merger | Broadway play closes |... The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Is this the store of the future? Trump is a barrier to tourism Considering the needs of nursing moms Most Popular New Yorkers are making up to $20,000 per day ... Have taxis finally hit rock bottom? Rare tower set to rise on Upper West Side Six landlords rule over a fading Garment... DNAinfo reporters join Writers Guild Related News Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack TLC hearing After a troubled childhood, a high school dropout gets sweet redemption Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make the Cosmos the kings of New York soccer? Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets players' pay Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai NES Classic Edition Stock: Where To Find The Discontinued Console Christopher Groux International Business Times April 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share NES Classic Edition was recently discontinued by Nintendo, but we want to make sure you get one before the console’s last shipments are no longer in stock. Check these retailers over the next few weeks.More NES Classic Edition will be in stock this month for the last time in the foreseeable future. If you’re looking to get your hands on Nintendo’s discontinued retro console, we’d advise checking out these retailers. Target: Target has been regularly stocking the NES Classic Edition throughout 2017, and stores will likely continue to do so until the very end. Here’s a link to the  store locator for physical purchases. If you want to buy online, try the  NES Classic Edition page. The latter is empty at the time of writing, however. Amazon: Should you want to get an NES Classic Edition at Amazon, your best bet is to make sure you have a Prime subscription first. Recently, Prime-exclusive sales are the only way this online superstore has been able to keep demand in check. You’re especially lucky if you live in a city with Amazon Prime Now availability. If the NES Classic becomes available via Prime Now, it will be sent to your house that day. Check out Amazon’s NES Classic Edition page, and click here for more details about Prime Now. If you don’t have Prime, you can sign up for a 30-day free trial. Best Buy: Best Buy has essentially the same deal as Target. Check out the store locator for physical purchases and try the NES Classic Edition page for online ones. GameStop: The GameStop situation is fairly similar as well. Here are the store locator and NES Classic Edition page should you want it. This time we didn’t link to a specific product because GameStop tends to sell popular items in pricey bundles. If you’re willing to pay more than others, you might be able to get a genuine NES Classic here. Walmart: Walmart has the same options as most other big-box stores. Here are a store locator and the  product page. eBay: This should be a last resort, because you’ll likely be paying a pretty penny to score an NES Classic. At the time of writing, the average price is about $300 or $400. Some listings are going as high as $600. If this is the path you take, always be sure to check star ratings and sellers carefully so you don’t get scammed. Look for lots of five-star reviews. Here’s a link to the latest NES Classic Edition auctions happening right now. NES Classic Online Stock Checkers And Tools: These sites will point you to specific retailers beyond the ones we’ve listed here. NowInStock: This site tracks stock from major retailers and can alert you to any changes via text or email. [here] BrickSeek: It’s an alternative to NowInStock. It monitors stock of the NES Classic at major retailers and can send alerts as necessary. [here] Reddit: There are a few subreddits you should be watching to keep track of availability. Try the ones for GameDeals and Nintendo. Wario64 Twitter: Wario64 is easily the best Twitter account for tracking game deals and availability of hot items. A tweet will be posted seconds after the NES Classic becomes available at any major store. [here] That’s just about anything you could ever possibly need to find an NES Classic Edition online or in store. Nintendo has confirmed final shipments will be doled out this month, but retailers have yet to announce specific dates or times. Should you be able to find one, the NES Classic Edition retails for $59 and comes preloaded with 30 retro games. Will you be hunting for an NES Classic Edition this month? Are you frustrated Nintendo is discontinuing it? Tell us in the comments section! Related Articles Nintendo Switch & NES Classic Restock At Best Buy Today Nintendo Has Sold 1.5 Million NES Classic Units Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community US: North Korean test missile explodes on launch 3773 reactions5%70%25% North Korean soldiers march during a parade for the 'Day of the Sun' festival and more: April 15 in photos 19 reactions4%74%22% Jennifer Aniston’s Cutout Dress Shows Off a Surprising Body Part 427 reactions6%77%17% Here's How Much David Dao Will Make From United, According To A Lawyer 1959 reactions3%77%20% Cave of fire and ice 46 reactions18%69%13% North Korea missile launch fails 23 reactions4%77%19% 'Democrats' Taking Over the Trump White House? 173 reactions5%71%24% Slain Massachusetts jogger's hands held DNA that led to suspect's arrest 547 reactions3%69%28% Melissa McCarthy returns to 'Saturday Night Live' as Sean Spicer, Alec Baldwin reprises Donald Trump 51 reactions7%61%32% Sandra Bullock Donates $5K to Help Homeless Beverly Hills Hotel Pool Manager 1594 reactions7%76%17% Easter celebrations around the world 10 reactions0%100%0% Tax Day protests in Berkley, California, turn violent 17 reactions15%46%39% Trump Considers More Military Action After Domestic Losses 310 reactions5%61%34% Isaiah Thomas' sister, Chyna, dies in car crash in Washington 430 reactions5%68%27% Survivor Contestant Who Outed Tribemate Zeke Smith as Transgender Fired From Job 1217 reactions5%65%30% Trump and North Korea: Climbing the escalation ladder 5113 reactions5%64%31% Donald Trump demands to ride in Queen's gold-plated carriage during UK state visit John: There is no telling how many millions that this grifter will steal from the American people before he is finally impeached. "A purchase order reviewed by CBS News shows the US Secret Service has already spent $35,185 on golf cart rentals for presidential visits to his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach so far this year." Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.6k
Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Star Charlie Hunnam Reveals There Was An Alternate Ending For Jax Teller Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Bad Lip Reading’ ‘The Force Awakens’ Returns To YouTube Entertainment 2017-04-15 Charlie Sheen ‘Winning’ Moments, His Net Worth And Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan Craziest Controversial Times Celebrity News, Entertainment 2017-04-14 Lisa Rinna Of ‘RHOBH’ Spends Time With Daughters Delilah And Amelia News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-16 Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] News 2017-04-15 North Korea Failed Missile Test: Missile Unveiled At Military Parade ‘Blew Up Immediately’ News 2017-04-15 5-Year-Old Boy Crushed To Death At Atlanta Rotating Restaurant Atop Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel News 2017-04-15 Authorities Identify La Encantada Mall Shooter As 60-Year-Old Fire Captain With The Tucson Fire Department Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-16 WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Basketball 2017-04-16 Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE Rumors: Backstage Heat On Dean Ambrose And Renee Young With WWE Officials Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-15 What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-14 Obese Indian Baby Girl Reportedly Weighs As Much As ‘Normal’ 4-Year-Old Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-15 Microsoft Offering New Free Games Tomorrow For Xbox Live Gold Members, Spring Sale Ends Monday Science 2017-04-15 New Solar-Powered Water Harvester Creates Water From Air, Could Help Drought-Affected Areas Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Yooka-Laylee’: Dust Off Your Childhood, It’s About To Get Wild Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For April 14, The Last Word Via Bundle BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Mike Cernovich Next Alt-Right Blogger To Be Punched In The Face BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Easter 2017 Quotes: All The Best Sayings, Greetings, And Bible Verses To Share On April 16 BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Melania ‘HomeSafe’ Home Visit In $1,150 Sandals Makes News, Not A Media Blackout – Trump Makes 18th Golf Trip BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Jack Nicholson Bizarre Movies Secret And Matthew McConaughey, Whitney Houston Craziest Drug-fuelled Moments SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 2017 Easter Hours: What Hours Are Stores, Restaurants, And Banks Open This Sunday? Shopping 4 0 0 April 15, 2017 2017 Easter Hours: What Hours Are Stores, Restaurants, And Banks Open This Sunday? Danny Cox This Sunday, it will be the 2017 Easter holiday and whether you’re religious or not, there is a good chance you’ll be celebrating in some form or another. Many will head out to their church for a religious service or two. Others will head out into the yard for a good old-fashioned egg hunt. There are also those who will take part in both of the traditional holiday occurrences, but all of that won’t stop people from needing to know the hours of stores, restaurants, and banks on Easter Sunday. When looking for good deals, it is usually a holiday that brings about some of the best bargains to be found throughout the year. That will be no different this weekend as the majority of retail stores will be open for all your shopping needs and it will benefit you to look through the papers for the best sales. You will be able to find hours for Walmart, Kmart, and many other major retailers, but you won’t be able to set foot in most Target locations. As reported by Fansided, the majority of Target stores will actually keep their doors closed on Easter 2017 [Image by Scott Olson/Getty Images] While you should always check with your closest location and local store for exact hours, the majority of Target stores will be closed. Sam’s Club and Costco are other major retail chains that won’t be opening at all on Apr. 16, 2017, per WRAL. At the same time, there are many grocery stores which will not be opening their doors on Sunday. Some will be open, but with limited hours and that could include the pharmacies inside of them as well. Once again, call ahead to your closest location for exact hours and times. Here are some of the holiday hours for grocery stores this Sunday. Publix – closed Aldi – closed Kroger – normal hours Giant – normal hours Trader Joe’s – open until 5 p.m. Safeway – normal hours Whole Foods – normal hours If you don’t feel like cooking this weekend or simply don’t want to head out and pick up all the necessary items, there will be a great number of restaurants open. Always remember that when all else fails, Cracker Barrel is usually an option. [Image by Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images] Since many restaurants are franchised out, they can end up choosing their own hours and even which days they choose to open or stay closed. When looking at the list of those which will be serving this 2017 holiday, many of them will be ready to offer up some great food. Again, make sure to call ahead and see if your nearest location is open and what their particular hours are for the holiday. The restaurants listed below will have many locations open around the country, but hours could vary. Applebee’s Bob Evans Buffalo Wild Wings Burger King Cracker Barrel Denny’s Dunkin’ Donuts Golden Corral Hooters Krystal Landry’s Longhorn Steakhouse McDonald’s Olive Garden Outback Steakhouse Red Lobster Shoney’s Starbucks White Castle As those locations will mostly be operating normally, some may also have special Easter or brunch menus for the holiday. If you happen to be in Florida and in the Walt Disney World area, the Orlando Weekly is reporting that many locations will have special menu items and pricing on Sunday. If you’re needing to head out to complete a monetary transaction, you’ll likely need to wait until Monday to get it done. Most banks and federal offices aren’t open on Sundays as it is, but even those with limited hours are not expected to unlock the doors. While many will be enjoying the long weekend, honoring in their church services, and going on an egg hunt, there are those who will need to head out for some errands. The majority of stores will be open, except for a few major retailers and some small businesses. Many restaurants will be open and ready to serve you a great breakfast, lunch, dinner, or even brunch. As for banks and many federal offices, don’t expect to get anything done on Easter Sunday 2017. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Read This: Watch Easter 2017 Mass From Vatican Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video As Pope Francis Delivers Mass Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Danny Cox Tags: 2017 easter, 2017 easter hours, easter bank hours, easter hours February 26, 2017 ‘Billions’ Introduces Audiences To The ‘Pronoun Check’ With Non-Binary Character February 26, 2017 Jim Parsons’ Upcoming Film Helps Him Explore Parenthood Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Star Lucy Hale Teases ‘Dark Aria’ For Season 7B April The Giraffe Gives Birth At Animal Adventure Park: The Excitement Isn’t Over Yet, What’s Next? WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Nina Dobrev, Orlando Bloom Not Dating, Hooking Up [Debunked] Watch Easter 2017 Mass From Vatican Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video As Pope Francis Delivers Mass ‘Big Brother 19’ Schedule: Fans Enjoying ‘BB19’ Rumors As Summer 2017 Season Premiere Approaches Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] Terraforming Mars A Non-Starter: Need 10 Million Comets Made Of Pure Carbon Dioxide Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories K-Dramas To Watch In April 2017 — What Korean Dramas Should You Check Out This Month? 8.1k 0 0 DramaFever Co-Producing OCN’s 1st Romcom ‘My Secret Romance’ — K-Drama To Simultaneously Air In US And Korea 5.9k 0 0 Watch April The Giraffe Live Cam: Nursing And Bonding With Boy Calf At Animal Adventure Park, Relive Birth 3.8k 0 0 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Orders Evacuation Of Capital, North Korea Readies For Nuclear War, Reports Say 4.1k 0 0 Married Couple Discover They Are Twins After Visiting An IVF Clinic 2.6k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle Calls Chris Benoit One Of The Greatest Wrestlers Of All Time 2.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
EPR Retail News Main menu Skip to content Home About FAQs Contact Us Editorial Staff Legal Submit Retail News Retail Press Release Distribution Publish unlimited for $99/mo Publish once for $59 Exclusivity (Publish for free) Advertise Reports Social Twitter Facebook Google+ VIP Search for: April 14, 2017 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Award winners announced by Retail News Editor Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet 0 Share on Google Plus Share 1 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Send email Mail 1 Total Shares Emerging Technologies Honored At Retail Asset Protection Conference Arlington , VA, 2017-Apr-14 — /EPR Retail News/ — In a ceremony at the Retail Asset Protection Conference in New Orleans yesterday( 4/12/2017), the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) honored Digital Safety USA as first place winner of the 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Awards. The Awards showcase emerging, game-changing technologies that mitigate total retail loss, as defined in a groundbreaking research report published by RILA last year. Digital Safety offers Point-of-Sale Activation (PoSA) technology for “intelligent” products and single-scan UPC serialization for both “intelligent” and “non-intelligent” products. PoSA benefits include, but are not limited to, open sell of product which promotes increased sales, reduced shrink, elimination/reduction in cost from current theft deterrent solutions, reduction in returns fraud, promotes PI accuracy, and allows for true, non-assisted self-checkout options for the customer. Second and third place winners were Profitect and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., respectively.Retailers’ Choice Award, which was voted on by conference attendees throughout the week, was awarded to Profitect, for the second consecutive year. The first, second, and third place winners were selected by a panel of top executives from a group eight finalists. “Each year, we ask companies to bring us their game-changing technologies and each year, they deliver and exceed expectations. This year in New Orleans was no different,” said Lisa LaBruno, RILA’s senior vice president of retail operations.“Recognizing innovations across the industry and learning more about how we can implement them to improve the field of asset protection are what the Awards are all about. Thank you to all of the participants and judges, and we look forward to seeing more cutting-edge technology in the future.” Winners of the 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection: Innovation Awards are: Digital Safety USA (First place) Profitect (Second place) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Third place) Profitect (Retailers Choice) The Awards come on the heels of RILA’s public announcement of the (R)Tech Center for Innovation. (R)Tech is a new term coined by RILA to describe the confluence of retail and technology. An (R)Tech company embodies the core values of both those industries – global and local, nimble, and entrepreneurial – to win the loyalty of today’s empowered consumers. The Center’s mission is to is to help retailers navigate the industry transformation, and to spur the adoption of the “(R)Tech” term within the retail innovation ecosystem. To learn more visit www.rtech.org. For more information, visit the awards homepage. RILA is the trade association of the world’s largest and most innovative retail companies. RILA members include more than 200 retailers, product manufacturers, and service suppliers, which together account for more than $1.5 trillion in annual sales, millions of American jobs and more than 100,000 stores, manufacturing facilities and distribution centers domestically and abroad. Contact: Christin Fernandez Vice President, Communications Phone: 703-600-2039 Email: christin.fernandez@rila.org Source: RILA 3,313 total views, 470 views today Sponsored content Matched content This entry was posted in Awards, Business, Management, Retail, Retailer, Technology and tagged 2017 (R)Tech Asset Protection, Innovation Award winners, Lisa LaBruno. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Follow @eprretailnews SUBMIT RETAIL NEWS April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Ads Editor’s pick Taste of Adventure Wins 2017 FoodTrekking Award for Best Food Travel Blog (external link) Radius Travel anuncia su asociación con mTrip en soluciones móviles para empresas (external link) Milestone for the diagnosis of inflammatory bowel disease (external link) BLINGBY ANNOUNCES PARTNERSHIP WITH BRITISH POP DUO OMYO BroadSource Launches EMU SaaS in Europe (external link) KIWITECH ANNOUNCES STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP WITH BLINGBY B&B Hotels selects Vertical Booking CRS for enterprise hotel distribution across their 400 hotels (external link) Soracom launched secure and scalable IoT platform in Europe (external link) Nor-Tech Offers European Organizations Free Simulation Tests on a High Performance Computer Cluster for CAE, CFD, FEA Software (external link) ExpressVPN svela il sito multilingue (external link) ExpressVPN présente son site décliné en plusieurs langues (external link) Alliance News lancia il primo servizio di news finanziarie in lingua italiana attivo 24 ore (external link) Der ehemalige Banker Mike Baur verrät sein Erfolgsrezept für die Schweizer Wirtschaft (external link) PARENTS WHO WANT TO STYLE THEIR CHILDREN IN THE LATEST STREET STYLE AND FASHION TRENDS CAN NOW DO SO THANKS TO MINI TREND LINKS Foundation (external link) MDM GROUP AG pulls up plans to go public (external link) Preply, plateforme d’amélioration continue pour le tutorat et les études en ligne, arrive en France (external link) iSaveWeb Lite – Make Copies of Your Favorite Websites (external link) UnlimitedHand Haptic Game Controller: finalist of Wearable Technologies Innovation World Cup, joins Arduino AtHeart and Amazon LaunchPad to reach hackers worldwide (external link) Large Japanese property corporation entered the Australian & NZ serviced Apartments/accommodation Industry (external link) “Smart” concept for cover planting wins Farming by Satellite Prize (external link) L’équipe française remporte le prix paneuropéen Farming by Satellite (external link) CityJet Cabin Crew Recruitment Day in Brussels, Belgium (external link) SENA LANCE UNE APPLICATION POUR SMARTPHONE INNOVANTE POUR CONNECTER LES MOTARDS DU MONDE ENTIER (external link) SENA FÜHRT WEGWEISENDE SMARTPHONE-APP FÜR DIE VERBINDUNG VON FAHRERN WELTWEIT EIN (external link) SENA LAUNCHES GROUNDBREAKING SMARTPHONE APP TO CONNECT RIDERS WORLDWIDE (external link) Cabin Crew Recruitment Days taking place in Brussels, Belgium (external link) Gudny Aspaas Returns with a New Album (external link) Unique patent-pending “Body Camera” as a PTT Microphone: X-Surveillance DS300 (external link) New York’s Health Agency (NYSDOH) Cited in Iraq War’s Blowback (external link) Model at the age of 90 – Genia Galberstadt (external link) Vivier Chief Executive, Luigi Wewege Announces New Book: The Digital Banking Revolution (external link) Startup Founders: Are You Ready To Accelerate Your Business? (external link) NET-DYN Awarded Top Rated Status on Major E-commerce Platform Amazon (external link) ABBYY Launches an Open API for Its Trademark Lingvo Dictionaries (external link) DAN GRACE JOINS SKILLSTORM AS EVP, OPERATIONAL SERVICES (external link) Soldi troppo in nero: una compagnia Europea paga a gli guerriglieri (external link) L’argent trop «noir»: Une société européenne paye aux rebelles (external link) The Rose receives 2016 Jack Kemp Excellence in Affordable and Workforce Housing Award from the Urban Land Institute (external link) TS EMEA Takes "A Bridge to the Future" at the 29th World LPG Forum (external link) VidCon Europe Launches in Amsterdam, Announces Featured Creators (external link) Startup mentored by Promwad created one of the best IoT products in Europe (external link) Petroleum Engineer Launched Book of Short Stories endorsed by Reader’s Favorite (external link) Baton Rouge Based Roof Crafters Launches New CRM Software For Clients (external link) Real Estate Lead Partner Moves Headquarters To Nashville TN (external link) SYSTECH PARTNERS WITH SHARP PACKAGING & AUTAJON GROUP AT CPhI (external link) Zandre Campos Recipient Of Distinguished Business Excellence Award (external link) SYSTECH AND SERVICEPOINT PARTNER TO DELIVER SERIALIZATION AND TRACK & TRACE SOLUTIONS TO PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY IN EUROPE (external link) Sonatype and CloudBees Launch DevOps Express Initiative (external link) Sonatype Announces Nexus Repository Pro with High Availability and Software Component Analysis Built-in (external link) La Via della Seta su Binari: I Treni Blocco Cina-Europa (external link) Silk Road on Rails: The China-Europe Block Trains (external link) UAVtechnics unveils FLIR drone with dual thermal RGB camera (external link) Z3 Technology Introduces the Z3Cam-4K H.265 IP Camera with Integrated Auto Focus Zoom (external link) 1.5 Minute ConcussionTest “Sway” Issued CE Mark In EU as Medical Device (external link) Edo’s giant Lego­like blocks now on Kickstarter (external link) SENA PRÄSENTIERT REVOLUTIONÄREN SMART-FAHRRADHELM AUF DER EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA PRESENTA ALLA FIERA EUROBIKE 2016 IL RIVOLUZIONARIO CASCO SMART PER IL CICLISMO (external link) SENA DESVELA EL REVOLUCIONARIO CASCO INTELIGENTE PARA CICLISTAS EN EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA UNVEILS REVOLUTIONARY SMART CYCLING HELMET AT EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) Categories Apparel (1,729) Art (223) Asset Inventory (143) Auctions (25) Automotive (141) Awards (784) Baby Products (110) Beauty (625) Books (154) Business (8,935) Children (567) Consumer Goods (1,460) Consumer Information (925) Consumer Services (783) Convenience Stores (309) Cosmetics (202) Coupons (216) Discounts (533) E-Commerce (1,020) Electronics (572) Entertainment (417) Environment (385) Equipment (216) Fashion (1,377) Financial (2,073) Food & Beverage (2,525) Fragrances (106) Furniture (194) Games (102) Gifts (761) Grocery (2,448) Healthcare (817) Home & Garden (432) Home Decor (571) Human Resources (429) Jewelry (238) Kiosks (23) Law (223) Loss Prevention (26) Malls (346) Management (9,397) Marketing (4,086) Merchant Services (132) Mobile (197) Mobile Point of Sale (23) Mystery Shopping (2) Online Retailers (1,611) Online Shopping (1,393) Outlet (374) Overstock (1) Pet Products (137) Philanthropy (924) Point of Purchase Displays (41) PR (812) Restaurants (478) Retail (13,945) Retail Clubs (33) Retail Design (148) Retail Services (575) Retail Software (380) Retail Solutions (316) Retail Trade Consulting (58) Retailer (12,960) Safety Products (82) Savings (268) Shopping (855) Shops (944) SPA Products (18) Sports (340) Store Fixtures (117) Supply Chain (65) Technology (888) Toys (189) Trade-in (39) Transportation & Logistics (51) Travel (49) Uncategorized (44) Vending (17) Recent PRs PVH and USA Legwear Enter Into License Agreement for Warner’s Socks and Hosiery April 15, 2017 90% of Businesses Practice Regular Sustainable Activities According to Staples Sustainability Survey April 15, 2017 Staples Recognized for Energy Efficiency Achievements for Eighth Consecutive Year April 15, 2017 Two New RONA Stores Opens in Quebec April 15, 2017 SaveMart In TehaChapi Celebrates With A Grand Reopening April 15, 2017 H-E-B Announces Growth of Its Partner Population Across Texas and Mexico April 14, 2017 Truth Initiative® and CVS Health Foundation to advocate for 100% tobacco-free at Historically Black Colleges and Universities and community colleges April 14, 2017 Starbucks® Waikiki store the first in Hawaii to feature a Starbucks Reserve® coffee bar April 14, 2017 Amazon helps developers build and launch far-field voice-initiated products with availability of Amazon Alexa 7-Mic Far-Field Development Kit April 14, 2017 Sainsbury’s announces expansion plans for Argos and Habitat April 14, 2017 CarMax promotes Diane Long Cafritz to chief human resources officer and SVP April 14, 2017 Toys“R”Us unifies its Japan, Greater China and Southeast Asia businesses April 14, 2017 Lakeside Foods, Inc. recalls Season’s Choice Brand Frozen Peas due to potential contamination of Listeria monocytogenes April 14, 2017 Nassau Candy Distributors recalls H.E.B brand Pomegranate Infused Cranberries Covered in Dark Chocolate due to undeclared Almonds April 14, 2017 Orthodox Baking Co. recalls Oberlander Gluten Free Brand “Chocolate Kokosh Cake” due to undeclared almond paste April 14, 2017 The Smokehouse of NY recalls Smoked fish products that may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes April 14, 2017 Restaurantactie Albert Heijn en IENS van start April 14, 2017 Albert Heijn test slimme koelkastmagneet April 14, 2017 Whole Foods Market stores to host one-day sale on organic produce On Earth Day, April 22 April 14, 2017 Book release: The Whole Foods Diet: The Lifesaving Plan for Health and Longevity April 14, 2017 Archives April 2017 (251) March 2017 (456) February 2017 (504) January 2017 (457) December 2016 (412) November 2016 (666) October 2016 (633) September 2016 (693) August 2016 (589) July 2016 (508) June 2016 (344) May 2016 (366) April 2016 (341) March 2016 (317) February 2016 (308) January 2016 (331) December 2015 (423) November 2015 (496) October 2015 (544) September 2015 (491) August 2015 (285) July 2015 (219) June 2015 (182) May 2015 (146) April 2015 (195) March 2015 (219) February 2015 (164) January 2015 (170) December 2014 (156) November 2014 (182) October 2014 (208) September 2014 (222) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (166) June 2014 (179) May 2014 (159) April 2014 (191) March 2014 (184) February 2014 (187) January 2014 (125) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (34) March 2012 (36) February 2012 (35) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (47) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (43) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (28) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (40) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (29) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (37) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (10) December 2008 (23) November 2008 (25) October 2008 (34) September 2008 (24) August 2008 (12) Blogroll Amazon.com Comparison Shopping Blog Consumerist Cooper’s Retail Blog Delight Discount Store News Display & Design Ideas EPR Food & Beverage News EPR Retail News @ Feedburner EPR Retail News @ MyBlogLog EPR Retail News @ Technorati European Retail News and Press Releases Free Retail Press Releases Heads-O-R(e)tail JCPenney Kmart L.L. Bean Labelscar: The Retail History Blog Macy’s Merchants News Mighty Goods Shopping Blog Morning News Beat News on Retail Oleg Lazarov Overstock.com Point of Purchase Magazine Real Time Retail Press Release Distribution Retail Contrarian Retail News – Topix Retail Store Blog Retail Systems Retail Technology Blog Retail Week Retail-Blog Retailer News Retailers.com RetailSource RetailWire RT Magazine Sam’s Club Sears, Roebuck and Co. ShoppingBlog.com Stores.org Strange New Products Stylehive Supermarket News Target US Tesco The Curious Shopper Uncrate Wal-Mart WorldWide Retail Exchange © 2008 - 2017 EPR Retail News All Rights Reserved. All trade marks and names are owned by their respective owners. This retail newswire service is a spin-off of, and brought to you by EPR Network LLC. EPR Network LLC. is part of EuropaWireLtd. Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Privacy | Takedown | Copyright | DMCA | RSS | Google+ Powered by WP & theme by Citizen Journal
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 4/15/17 - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith California and Trump’s Feds Headed to Major Clash on Immigration - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith Why You Can’t Have a Shorter Workweek - 04/15/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/14/17 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 Posted on April 14, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Politics Trump Transition “Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer?” [Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal]. Nooners returns to Bannon’s 2014 talk (linked to at NC here). Cutting freely: “The West is currently facing a ‘crisis of capitalism,’ he said. The world was able to recover after the world wars in part thanks to ‘an enlightened form of capitalism’ that generated ‘tremendous wealth’ broadly distributed among all classes…. Capitalists, he said, now must ask: “What is the purpose of whatever I’m doing with this wealth? What is the purpose of what I’m doing with the ability that God has given us . . . to actually be a creator of jobs and a creator of wealth?… Policy changes accompanying Mr. Bannon’s diminishment this week included the president’s speaking approvingly of the Export-Import Bank and NATO, declaring that China isn’t a currency manipulator after all, suggesting the dollar may be too strong, and hitting Syria and Afghanistan. None of that sounds like Candidate Trump. It is possible what we are seeing is simply the rise of a more moderate or conciliatory or establishment Trump White House. But it also looks like the rise of the Wall Street Mr. Bannon painted as tending to see people as commodities.” (And before we go down the racism route, it’s especially noteworthy that most of the bodies blown to pink mist in the wars supported so vigorously by the political class and both party establishments were brown, many of them were wearing hijabs at the time, and plenty of them were “babies.”) 2017 MT: “Quist Campaign Fundraising Tops $1.3 Million” [Montana NPR]. “His campaign says he raised nearly a million dollars in March alone, via more than 22,000 individual contributions, with an average donation of $40 each. There’s no evidence that the national Democratic party is spending on Quist’s behalf, but groups affiliated with Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders are backing him.” MT: “Democrat Rob Quist, a musician and songwriter from Creston, has a negative net worth, according to his financial disclosure form, and reported just shy of $29,000 of personal income last year — including about $15,000 in Social Security payments. Quist is 69 years old” [KRTV]. “Republican Greg Gianforte, 55, … reported 2016 income ranging from $2.3 million to $15.7 million – and assets valued between $65 million and $315 million.” You’d think the national Democrats would have recruited Gianforte… MT: “It’s interesting to watch commercials slamming Rob Quist saying he is unfit to be a representative due to financial problems dating back several years. His response; it stemmed from medical bills. My response is, “But for the grace of God so go I'” [Letter to the Editor, Bozeman Daily Chronicle]. MT: “Bernie Sanders Says He’s Willing To Campaign For Montana Populist Rob Quist” [HuffPo]. Get a motel room, camp out there for a month? MT: “Donald Trump Jr. will join Republican congressional candidate Greg Gianforte at rallies in Kalispell, Hamilton, Billings and Bozeman next Friday and Saturday. The campaign did not give exact locations for the rallies, which won’t be free, but they think Trump Jr. will be able to help gin up support for Gianforte” [Bozeman Daily Chronicle]. MT: “Rob Quist, the Democratic candidate for Montana’s at-large seat, has been getting the same silent treatment Thompson got” [Slate]. Now, to be fair, the Slate writer believes that it’s the DCCC’s job to be “realistic” about where to spend their money. But when Ossoff has a war chest of $8.3 million, much of it from California, and the DCCC can’t stump up $20K for a mailer for Thompson, it looks like they don’t care enough to fake it. “‘We have to all acknowledge that those seats are held by Republicans and they’ve been held by Republicans for quite some time,’ Rep. Denny Heck, the DCCC’s recruitment chair, said during February’s House Democrat retreat regarding its involvement in a series of four spring special elections.” Show me a good loser, and I’ll show you a loser, as Vince Lombardi said. GA-06: “The Re­pub­lic­an field has be­come in­creas­ingly frac­tured and con­ten­tious, while Os­soff quickly con­sol­id­ated sup­port from Demo­crats around the coun­try and in Geor­gia, win­ning en­dorse­ments from would-be rivals and in­vest­ments from ma­jor out­side groups” [National Journal]. “Voters in­tent on sup­port­ing a Re­pub­lic­an will have 11 to choose from… [Os­soff] has led every re­cent pub­lic poll of the race, though he is still be­low 50 per­cent.” (Unless Ossoff wins 50%, he’s forced into a run-off.) Speculating freely, a Republican “loss” here could rebound to their benefit long-term, since Ossoff is faithfully replicating the Clintonite strategy; which the Republicans have already beaten once. KS-04: “Whether it was the troubles of Trump, Brownback or a combination of the two—or just the usual pattern of special elections—Republican turnout plummeted on Tuesday. Based on the unofficial results, Estes suffered a 62 percent drop in votes compared to the Republican candidate in 2016, while Thompson’s Democratic decline was only 32 percent” [Politico]. If Republican turnout plummeted because of the Republican health care debacle, or Trump’s flip-flop toward hawkishness, some percentage of those voters could surely have been picked up by a Sanders Democrat (with a little more money). “Perez and Sanders will travel to states their party lost beginning on April 17 until April 22. The tour aims to make amends with Democratic voters who felt neglected during the 2016 presidential election” [Salon]. “Felt neglected.” Oh, it’s all about f-e-e-e-lings…. “‘We’ll be traveling — and Tom will be traveling with me — to traditionally conservative states,’ Sanders told the Washington Post. ‘It’s absolutely absurd that the Democratic Party has turned its back on working people in literally half the country.'” Absurd it may be, but that’s what the Democrats’ base in the professional classes wants, as Thomas Frank points out (yet again) this morning. I don’t see how this circle gets squared without a thorough housecleaning, which Perez was installed to prevent. We’ll see what the reception is. “Dems can’t win Trump’s base in 2018, but they’ll try to demoralize it” [CNN]. “American Bridge, a Democratic super PAC, will launch a series of web ads aimed at Trump supporters who are likely to be angered by his recent flip-flops, a spokesman for the groups told CNN… The goal is not necessarily to turn Trump voters into Democrats, since that isn’t likely to happen. But by demoralizing Trump’s base of supporters, Democrats are hopeful they can capitalize on excitement in their base to sweep many Republicans out of power in the House and Senate.” Sure. It’s certainly more cost-effective to hold down turnout rather than win voters over with humane policies like #MedicareForAll, widely supported by voters in both parties. “Sen. Jeff Flake weathers brutal, 2 1/2-hour Mesa town hall” [Arizona Republic]. “U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake endured a brutal face-to-face confrontation with angry constituents Thursday as liberal voters dominated a standing-room-only audience at a town-hall meeting in downtown Mesa.” Will this change a single vote? Why? Wouldn’t Flake see these voters as, well, “irredeemable”? Realignment and Legitimacy “The March on Everywhere” [Harpers]. This is important, a must-read (though it’s long; at least try for a good sample). I would like very much to know what readers think of this. It’s an excellent report from the ground, and those are few and far between. I have views, unsurprisingly, but I’d like to hear yours first. “The coming constitutional convention train-wreck redux” [Alice Marshall, Medium]. “It is not enough to make policy changes, if it were the New Deal would still be intact and even improved upon. Instead it is hanging on by a thread. So what would constitutional protections against finance capitalism look like? You would have to know more about economics, Wall Street, and constitutional law than I do to know how to devise such protections, but clearly that is what is needed.” Stats Watch Banks Open, Markets Closed. Consumer Price Index, March 2017: “Yesterday’s producer price report set up the disappointment for today’s report on consumer prices where the headline fell a very sharp and unexpected 0.3 percent in March. The core rate (less food & energy) fell 0.1 percent which is also unexpected” [Econoday]. “A special negative in the March report is communications which fell a very steep 3.5 percent and reflects cell phone plans which subtracted 1 tenth from both the headline rate and core. Yet other categories are also weak including apparel, down 0.7 percent, and transportation where prices, due to weakness for vehicles, fell 1.4 percent. Housing and medical, two centers of price traction, managed only 0.1 percent gains. … The lack of price traction ultimately points to softness in overall demand for consumer goods and services. And though demand in the labor market is very strong, wage improvement has been only marginal. A report like this points to the need for steady monetary stimulus and will push back expectations for Federal Reserve rate hikes.” So “consumers” aren’t going shopping because “workers” are facing flat wages, and so the answer is… monetary stimulus. Not sure I’m following this. And: “Most elements of the CPI moderated this month lead by the energy sector” [Econintersect]. Retail Sales, March 2017: “First-quarter consumer spending is in trouble. Retail sales fell 0.2 percent in March which is under the Econoday consensus for no change. Importantly, February sales are revised sharply lower, to minus 0.3 percent vs an initial gain of 0.1 percent” [Economy]. “When excluding both vehicles and gasoline, sales could only manage — despite sky high consumer confidence — a second straight 0.1 percent increase… [T]wo special areas of weakness are restaurants which fell 0.6 percent for a second straight decline and building materials which fell 1.5 percent.” Yet again, the surveys say one thing, and the real data says another. Hard to see how Trump’s promises on jobs are going to come true at this rate. And: “Economic growth likely slowed in the first quarter, a period normally associated with tepid increases in GDP” [Economic Calendar]. And: “The decrease in March was below expectations, and sales for February were revised down. A weak report” [Calculated Risk]. Then again: “[T]he three month rolling averages of the unadjusted data improved” [Econintersect]. “Retail sales per capita seems to be in a long term downtrend (but short term trends appear to be growing.” Business Inventories, February 2017: “Business inventories came in as expected in February, rising 0.3 percent for a second month in a build that will help support first-quarter GDP estimates” [Econoday]. “[T]he inventory-to-sales ratio which is unchanged at 1.35.” And but: “Our primary monitoring tool – the 3 month rolling averages for sales – declined but remain in expansion” [Business Insider]. Retail: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month” [Reuters]. “Wal-Mart’s job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department.” Commodities: “British scientists find sub-sea minerals treasure trove” [Mining.com]. “A British team of scientists has discovered an underwater deposit of diverse minerals in the Atlantic, about 500km off the Canary Islands, which contains vast amounts of tellurium, used in the making of solar panels, wind turbines and electronics… The finding, part of a broader research project called MarineE-tech, is significant as the deposit is estimated to hold 2,670 tonnes of tellurium or 5% of the global reserves.” Commodities: “The latest report by the International Copper Study Group which includes full year 2016 estimates shows world mine copper production jumped by 5.3%, or 1 million tonnes last year to 20.16 million tonnes” [Mining.com]. Shipping: “LA area Port Traffic increased in March” [Calculated Risk]. “Container traffic gives us an idea about the volume of goods being exported and imported – and usually some hints about the trade report since LA area ports handle about 40% of the nation’s container port traffic…. On a rolling 12 month basis, inbound traffic was up 1.6% compared to the rolling 12 months ending in February. Outbound traffic was up 0.8% compared to 12 months ending in February.” Shipping: “The art of handling a freight tender” [Shipping and Freight Resource]. “Imagine a MNC (Multi-National Company) who have multiple brands to be exported from their 20 odd group companies to around 200 countries globally where they are present…. Or imagine you are one of the lucky service providers invited to bid or tender for this business.. Visualise the dynamics involved in coordinating the movement of these containers across the 20 operating companies into 200 countries for these thousands of containers.” It’s a combinatorial explosion. It’s gonna take some real software engineering to automate this. Or, failing algorithmic solutions, social engineering. Shipping: “The Isle of Man has shot up the rankings in recent years and is now the 12th largest register in the world, and among the fastest growing” [Splash 247]. “The Isle of Man is a British register and flies the Red Ensign, but it is not recognised as an EU Flag.” The Bezzle: “At SolarCity [acquired by Elon Musk last November], crews are provided with ‘panel pay,’ a bonus system that incentivizes speed by paying installers for every panel they install if that rate is higher than their hourly wage. According to [SolarCity worker George] Estrada, the rapid pace led to leaky roofs when holes drilled to secure the panels weren’t properly sealed, requiring return visits after customers complained” [Capital and Main]. “SolarCity, which is based in San Mateo, built its name on a zero-down financing model that leveraged investor dollars and federal tax credits to finance a rapid expansion that has yet to produce positive returns.” Swell. I’ve also done piecework, back in the day. It’s not a recipe for quality. The Bezzle: “Apple obtains permission to test driverless cars” [MarketWatch]. Public Relations: “10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean” [MarketWatch]. Fun stuff! Political Risk: “”Right now United should be focusing more on how to address the social media storm swirling around its brand,” Marzilli said. “The brand has not been moving at social media speed to catch up and get ahead of the crisis. This may be indicative of a breaking point with the public resenting their treatment by large corporations” [MarketWatch]. The Arab Spring started when a single street vendor immolated himself, having been harassed over a permit. The Fed: “Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year” [MarketWatch]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 25 Fear (previous close: 28, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 43 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Apr 13 at 4:37pm. Our Famously Free Press Interview with n+1 publisher: “I told him I was thinking of starting a literary magazine, and he was like, ‘well that’s a bad idea, what could possibly possess you to do that?’ And I said, ‘I really have things I’d like to say and things I’ve written that can’t be published elsewhere. And my friends, the same situation. I want to publish myself and them.’ And he said, surprised, ‘Oh, that’s the only good reason to start a literary journal” [The White Review]. Black Injustice Tipping Point “Threats cast at contractors, workers linked to Confederate monument removals, New Orleans official says” [New Orleans Advocate]. I remember taking the Jeff Davis Highway to and from work, when I was in DC. The sensation was… odd. Guillotine Watch “Le Cinq, Paris: restaurant review” [Guardian]. An amuse-bouche: “It’s bizarre. Not that the older gentlemen with their nieces on the few other occupied tables seem to care. The restaurant is never more than half full. Pictures of plates are snapped. Mind you I also take pictures, but mine are shot in the manner of a scene of crime officer working methodically.” I have a very vague memory of a movie (Bunuel?) in which diners were served excrement, and forced — whether through raw fear or social pressure — to exclaim how much they enjoyed it. Perhaps this is all a massive and profitable jape by the chef? Épater la bourgeoisie…. Except they aren’t…. Class Warfare “Cities Where You Don’t Want to Get Sick” [247 Wall Street]. “It is likely no coincidence that all of the worst metropolitan areas in which to get sick are also among the nation’s poorer areas. The median household incomes in all of these areas do not exceed the national median of $53,657 a year. Of the 10 cities, only the Altoona, Pennsylvania area has a poverty rate lower than the national poverty rate of 15.6%.” Class warfare is not a metaphor… “Drivers of Declining Labor Share of Income” [IMF Blog]. “[A]though technological advancement and global economic integration have been key drivers of global prosperity, their effects on labor shares challenge policymakers to find ways to spread those benefits more broadly. The design of specific policy responses, of course, will have to depend on country circumstances and be anchored in their social contracts.” “Challenge policymakers.” Assuming good faith, noblesse oblige, etc., etc. “Tax Cuts for the Rich Aren’t an Economic Panacea — and Could Hurt Growth” [Center on Budget and Policy Priorities]. “In reality, tax cuts — particularly for high-income people — are an ineffective way to spur economic growth, and they’re likely to harm the economy if they add to the deficit or are paired with cuts to investments that support the economy and working families.” A worthy effort, and full of good talking points. That said, “working families” makes my back teeth itch. It’s a liberal tell, because (a) some consultant’s focus group report told them to use their family-friendly words, and (b) it’s a circumlocution for “workers” or “working class.” (For example, do working class singles count? Orphans?) News of the Wired “File This Under Nostalgia: New Book Pays Tribute To The Library Card Catalog” [NPR]. “How To Win Friends – The Malamud Strategy” [Another Word for It]. Defeating efforts to privatize access to the law. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (KR): Another from KR’s backyard: Bugle (?) in the middle ground, with grass and then the dappled sunlight of the woods… * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00400 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on April 14, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality Why You Can’t Have a Shorter Workweek → Subscribe to Post Comments 132 comments Hana M April 14, 2017 at 2:18 pm On today’s antidote. Yes, that’s definitely Bugle aka Ajuga reptans. Just lovely this time of year! .I really like some of the varieties with bronze leaves for three-season interest. Reply ↓ Schwarmageddon April 14, 2017 at 2:28 pm Lupines Reply ↓ Stormcrow April 14, 2017 at 2:29 pm This situation bears watching: North Korea Warns of ‘Thermonuclear War’ After Trump Threatens Strike https://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/04/14/north-korea-warns-thermonuclear-war-after-trump-threatens-strike Moon of Alabama has a very interesting background piece: Why North Korea Needs Nukes – And How To End That http://www.moonofalabama.org/2017/04/the-reason-behind-north-koreas-nuclear-program-and-its-offer-to-end-it.html Reply ↓ Bill Smith April 14, 2017 at 3:57 pm from “Why North Korea Needs Nukes – And How To End That” “The country would reunite if China and the U.S. (and Russia) could agree upon its neutrality.” Yeah,…. no. The South Korean’s aren’t going to pay the cost of reuniting with the North. And the North Korean government only wants to reunite if the resulting country is run by them. Will the North Korean’s end their annual military maneuvers? Reply ↓ Byron the Light Bulb April 14, 2017 at 4:37 pm Korean leadership is hard to understand. For example, the relationship between King Yeongjo and his son, Crown Prince Sado illustrates what type of authority Korean people expect from their leaders. When Prince Sado went funny in the head and started killing the palace help, King Yeongjo was faced with a dilemma.The king had to lay down the law while being careful not to dishonor a divine being, his son being infallible royalty. So King Yeongjo locked Prince Sado in a four foot rice barrel until nature took its course, killing Sado by dehydration. Then King Yeongjo declared himself the son of Prince Sado and kept on ruling as is the will of the divine. King Yeongjo became more popular than ever, and is historically thought of as an enlightened ruler. Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 2:29 pm SolarCity, which is based in San Mateo, built its name on a zero-down financing model that leveraged investor dollars and federal tax credits to finance a rapid expansion that has yet to produce positive returns. Hmm, sounds like a car company I’ve been reading about. I wonder if their management has anything in common. Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 2:33 pm ““Sen. Jeff Flake weathers brutal, 2 1/2-hour Mesa town hall” [Arizona Republic]. “U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake endured a brutal face-to-face confrontation with angry constituents Thursday as liberal voters dominated a standing-room-only audience at a town-hall meeting in downtown Mesa.” Will this change a single vote? Why? Wouldn’t Flake see these voters as, well, “irredeemable”?” these ferocious town halls, and the Real News Network has a montage of them, are very effective. Human beings are social creatures. It encourages Democrats and discourages Republicans. Above all it will affect how Republican members are congress vote. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:59 pm Will they try to understand what these irredeemable town hall attendees want? And then vote the opposite way . . . to “teach them a lesson”? Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 2:35 pm Montana Reddit reacts to proposed Donald Trump Jr visit, does not look good for Republicans https://www.reddit.com/r/Montana/comments/6566t7/donald_trump_jr_coming_to_montana_to_stump_for/ Reply ↓ diptherio April 14, 2017 at 2:51 pm Unfortunately for Gianforte, he’s a techy billionaire who couldn’t even ride Trump’s coattails to victory in the gubernatorial election. Now that Trump has pissed off a majority of his voters by acting like a typical Washington politico, he’s really got nothing going for him in this state. Quist, on the other hand, has a way with folksy wisdom that appeals to everybody: “Money is like bull***t, if you pile it all up in one place it starts to stink, but if you spread it around, it makes everything grow.” Put your money on the musician, even if the national Dems won’t give him the time of day. However, Quist is far from perfect as a candidate. He’s got his share of skeletons, although I don’t know how much they’ll sway anybody, given that being “sued by a bank” is sure to earn brownie points with plenty of people. Flathead County court and property records indicate the popular musician turned politician has been turned over to collections; sued by a bank after not repaying a loan; and accused of fraud and deceit by a former member of Mission Mountain Wood Band, the group that vaulted Quist to Montana stardom in the 1970s. Financial records filed with the U.S. House also show that Quist has reported drawing a salary from his campaign, a practice that isn’t illegal but also not typical. Quist won the Democratic Party’s nomination for U.S House on March 5, defeating seven other candidates in a nominating convention. helenair.com/news/politics/quist-has–year-debt-trail-records-show/article_8bda122c-6740-5d35-a766-af18a21e88c9.html Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:06 pm Thanks for the link to the article. Quist has reported drawing a salary from his campaign, a practice that isn’t illegal but also not typical. It’s atypical because most Democrats or Republicans who run for Congress are wealthy. From the article: Quist attributed the debt trail Friday to 20 years of sporadic illness brought on by a gallbladder operation gone bad in 1996. The candidate said a surgeon accidentally cut his bile duct, a tube that delivers bile from the liver to the small intestine. The duct had to be repaired, and Quist has been infection-prone ever since. He said a legal settlement with the Kalispell surgeon prevents him from discussing the botched operation in further detail. Quist said his debt problems, which are multiple, are bound to his poor health. The oldest case involves Kraig Trippel, a Kalispell excavator who did $5,960 worth of work for Rob and Bonni Quist in the spring of 2001 but had to file a lien for payment after most of the bill went unpaid. The date of the work is important because it’s 10 years before the health episode Quist said kept him from paying his property taxes earlier this decade. That tax debt crept to nearly $15,000 before the Department of Revenue filed liens for three years of unpaid taxes on Quist’s 20-acre ranch. I’m confused. The botched gall bladder operation was in 1996, the home repair work was in 2001, yet the article says “The date of the work is important because it’s 10 years before the health episode”. Perhaps Mr. Quist has had more than one serious health episode, but most people would consider 1996 to be prior to 2001. Reply ↓ montanamaven April 14, 2017 at 5:52 pm The Green Party Candidate, Thomas Breck, lost the case to be put on the ballot for the special election. He and two other independent candidates did win a verdict from the judge on April 8 to reduce the # of signatures needed from 14,278 to 400 since they only had 5 days from march 1 to march 6 to gather them. But the date when the signatures were due was still March 6. So Breck only had 15 signatures at that time. Green Party in Montana Breck has a compelling story. “For 20 years I was a carpenter, and I became a displaced worker and went back to school,” Breck began. “Then, this last November, I went to Standing Rock and what I saw there appalled me and motivated me to become involved in a way that I never had before. I became a Bernie (Sanders) delegate and saw the Democratic convention be rigged before my eyes, and saw that the Millennials and the people with the most at stake as far as the future goes were being marginalized.” Thomas Breck Interview And so we are left with Gianforte, Quist, and Libertarian Mark Wicks. Oh and here is a nice little tidbit I found from an interview with Breck who was formerly a Democrat. “At the Democratic State convention, when Amanda Curtiss did not get the nomination I had more than half a dozen people call me and tell me ‘I’m in on your campaign’ and the only thing they were waiting for was whether or not they were going to let the progressive have the nomination or going to prop up a quasi-celebrity instead,” Thomas Breck. Read More: MT Green Party Candidate Has Big Legal Hurdles to Cross, Says State Democrats Hinder as Well | http://newstalkkgvo.com/mt-green-party-candidate-has-big-legal-and-democratic-party-hurdles-to-cross/?trackback=tsmclip People like to say that politics is messy. Messy is to soft a term for swimming in a cesspool. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:02 pm Someone should study what the Clintonites do. Meanwhile, the Democratic candidate cannot afford to leasurely study the Clintonites. He should assume the Clintonites will try to undermine, oppose, sabotage and destroy his campaign every way possible in order to get the RepubliClintonite elected. Hopefully the Democratic candidate can attract so much Bitter Berner money and support that he ( and they) can crush and smash the interfering Clintonites as they try to defeat the Democratic candidate in this race. Reply ↓ Procopius April 15, 2017 at 10:06 pm I’m looking forward to reading Al From’s book about how and why Bill Clinton and Rahm Emanuel and From and the many other members of the DLC decided to destroy the Democratic Party. As I understand it, the reasoning was that in order to achieve anything, the first thing a political party needs to do is get elected. OK, but then why do they insist on undercutting any liberal candidate and only support right-wing millionaires? It seems they have an ideology, but it’s hard to parse out what it is, exactly. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 14, 2017 at 2:38 pm So evidently, the theater general called for the MOAB use without imput from Trump. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/04/14/moab-drop-ordered-by-us-general-trump-approval-not-needed-officials-say.html So did Gen. John Nicholson choose to send a message to North Korea on his own?!? Or did he not care one way or the other about the rest of the world’s reaction to the munition’s use?!? Is this a good thing i.e. focus on the battle at hand…or is this dogs of war slipping their leash? And yeah, I know it’s Fox but still… Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 2:50 pm Well when your cabinet is 4/5ths empty, how can you be on top of every little thing? It looks like Trump is changing his platform so that he can recruit some good people to fill these positions finally. Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:10 pm I think the Agriculture and Labor positions are the only empty slots remaining in his cabinet. Perhaps you are referring to vacancies in the deputy and under secretary positions of the executive branch departments. Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 4:01 pm Take a read, he’s operating with less than half of Obama was working with at this point in his term. He needs to fill positions if he’s going to be successful, and he needs to have a brand that good people will attach themselves to. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/donald-trump-white-house-staff-vacancies-237081 Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 5:47 pm I know, he has a lot of vacant positions at secondary levels, but you said that the cabinet is 4/5 empty. Of the 15 cabinet positions, 13 have been filled. There are 7 or 8 other cabinet level positions, and only 1 (the Trade Representative) is vacant. But yes, there are plenty of vacancies below the cabinet level, and that clearly indicates that something is wrong. Reply ↓ Gary April 14, 2017 at 2:55 pm At least it wasn’t Ivanka this time. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 14, 2017 at 3:10 pm Well Guess what? Trump wants your input on what agency to eliminate. Lets all vote for all the spooks and the MIC. Reorganizing the Executive Branch: We Need Your Input! Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm I couldn’t find the National Reconnaissance Office or the National Security Agency on the lists. Reply ↓ Propertius April 14, 2017 at 4:02 pm Unlike CIA, they’re both a part of DoD. Eliminate that and you’ve taken care of them *and* the F-35. ;-) Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 14, 2017 at 4:19 pm The only part of the MIC I didn’t ditch was the coast guard…. The mental image of John McCain and Lindsey Graham trying to start a war with a tug boat made me laugh. But in the second bit I did get rid of the executive office of the president: the white house. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 4:56 pm Ditto. Except ones, I missed. I forgot about the DEA. Reply ↓ DH April 14, 2017 at 3:34 pm Way over-hyped in the media. The media would be quiet if five B-52s flew over and dropped bombs on the tunnels but using a new toy with a cool nickname ……. Reply ↓ Edward E April 15, 2017 at 1:23 am The MOAB did remind me of all the women in Trump’s life, you know, the super flashy bombshells that ultimately never really do that much. Reply ↓ bob April 15, 2017 at 1:34 am The Biggest Bang Ever® Reply ↓ a different chris April 14, 2017 at 2:45 pm >This is important, a must-read Warning, by the end of pg 2 you will want to hang yourself after reading about what her mother had done with her life. I now am sure I just wasted mine! Reply ↓ shinola April 14, 2017 at 4:06 pm I read the whole thing & I agree – wasted time. Underwhelming. I think “meh” probably best describes my opinion of the piece. In my very first election as a newly minted voter, I voted for McGovern with no expectation of him winning – I did expect him to make a better showing. I find it hard to believe that anyone who was paying attention would really think he had a chance, much less be brought to tears over the outcome. But then I’m a male WASP. What do I know? Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:06 pm Were you prepared for the near-unanimity of Democratic Inner Party support for Nixon against McGovern? Is there any reason you should have been? For that matter, was McGovern himself ready for it? Was there any reason he should have been? But now we know. It is one of history’s lessons. Any Real Democrat should know what to expect from the Clintobamacrat Party of today. Reply ↓ reslez April 14, 2017 at 4:40 pm “The March on Everywhere”, a March About Nothing. So many photos of “clever” and “witty” protester signs that ridicule Trump’s personal appearance. You really had nothing better to say? Nothing about actual meaningful economic issues that might make a few people in the 1% uncomfortable? No? What a surprise. Let’s all celebrate our snark because we, personally, are comfortable… and alienate anyone who might have voted for Trump out of desperation. A few more signs about a living wage or Medicare For All and people watching at home, who oppose you, might have perked up a bit. But I guess you don’t want their support. The article was full of identity idiocy, people taught to classify themselves along identitarian lines and feel sad about it despite securing comfortable spots among the elite, while ignoring the greater things that bring every group together: getting family blogged by the rich! Day after day, unions are crushed, people struggle to survive, the rich take more and more. What a waste of time. These sad people are so ineffectual and hardly seem aware of it. This is our Left! Carefully pruned, lacking teeth and thorns, mouthing generic “resistance”. If any change comes to this country it will come from the Right. And if you value women’s rights, that’s something to rue. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon April 14, 2017 at 5:41 pm People who analyze the world on race/gender/sexuality without first looking at economic discrimination are either idiots or conspirators. The net outcome of all discrimination is economic deprivation. All the identity -isms play out in the economic crippling of the discriminated class. Privilege isn’t about whiteness, maleness, or heterosexuality, it’s about money. The Obamas, for example, are much more similar to privileged whites than they are to poor black families or poor white families for that matter. They may face some racial exclusion, in theory, at the upper layers of society, but given their wealth and connections their blackness is a relatively minor discriminatory burden for them directly. In terms of suffering, poor whites in economically barren locales have it much worse, so how is it fair to give the Obama’s the additional sympathy and not the impoverished white family being eaten alive by a broken economy? Why do wealthy gays and trans people deserve equal sympathy to poor gays and trans people? To ignore economic class when economic class is the real privilege token is intellectually bankrupt. Reply ↓ MoiAussie April 15, 2017 at 2:26 am What you said, it’s all about class. At the risk of being boring I’ll repost a link which is quite germaine. Despite the victory of the left candidate Moreno over his billionaire opponent in Ecuador, a former Correa adviser has this perspective on the result: The Political Left in Ecuador No Longer Exists. After some detail about the election process, it makes some totally US-relevant points about “progressives” no longer being progressive. I think Lenín Moreno is a man with a more tolerant mood, and he has expressed, during his electoral campaign, the will to dialogue with sectors that are critical of officialism. In that sense I think it’s possible that he will govern conflicts with the existing dissident politics of the social movements in a different way. Having said that, with respect to advancing toward a model of development that is not damaging to the environment, that decriminalizes abortion, that transcends a model of society marked by its patriarchal character, that understands that the capitalist mode of production and reproduction can be replaced by another model that is not so harmful to society, and many other things that must configure any program clearly of the Left — we’ll have to see. […] There is therefore a mismatch, which has become more evident over the years, between what progressivism is today and the inalienable values articulated in the history of social struggles led by the Left. It is enough to highlight how progressivism lacks any sense of class in the current moment, how it has forgotten debates linked to private property, over who controls the means of production, or how it has forgotten all references to real nationalization of the strategic sectors, or of the sectors that would develop its capacity to intervene in the public interest, among many other things that form part of the historical legacy and values of the Left. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:05 pm That’s not my left. That’s nobody’s left. That’s just liberalism, working as designed. It is the job of those of us on the actual left to help people mentally imprisoned by identity politics and the deceit and propaganda of the Democratic elite to free them from their mental chains, so they can work with us to free us all from our economic and corporate chains. Like that poor taxi driver currently arguing in the United debacle comments section that only children fight back against corporate theft and state violence. He’s being infuriating, but I also feel very sorry for him. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:12 pm I think I remember another commenter talking about the “pussies” with their “cell phones taking pictures” who said we should all learn to accept this violence. I remember replying to him that I sincerely hope he suffers every bit of the violence he wants the rest of us to get used to. But his comment ( and my reply) seem to have been deleted. So if he is out there somewhere reading this, let me renew my sincere hope that he suffers every bit of the violence he wants the rest of us to learn to expect. And I sincerely hope that all the witnesses to it somehow magically know who he is and refuse to take a picture, or testify, or anything else on his behalf. Let him live out the meaning of his own creed. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:08 pm Well . . . many of the left with teeth and thorns were jailed, silenced, assassinated, etc. over the decades, were they not? So a process of Darwinian selection has left us with the Left we are left with today. Since so much of the “firm” left and the “hard” left merely exist to show the rest of us what brilliant intellectuals they are, I hope that some other group emerges with some other name for itself. Something like New Deal Reactionaries or New Deal Revivalists or Social Populists or something. Anything. Many things all giving themselves a try. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 9:42 pm But ya gotta admit the hats were funny! Reply ↓ PH April 15, 2017 at 9:33 am If any change comes to this country, it will come from the right. What are you suggesting? A good thing or a bad thing? Anything specific? Reply ↓ PH April 15, 2017 at 9:45 am I think most of the comments here are unfair to the protesters and the article. The article struck me as sincere, and probably an accurate reflection of the feelings of many participants. As for the protest, most people in the world have an incomplete understanding of it. To build a cultural consensus we must talk among ourselves, one flawed view talking with other flawed views. Yelling “dolt” seems like an ineffective organizing strategy to me. Also yelling “pampered white woman” does not seem likely to help. President Trump is a disaster for peace and for the environment and for basically everything he touches. I have not come here with “I told you so” because it does not help, but for all the smug comments about the March, you might want to think about that. It is relevant. When Trump was elected, many of us knew that a very bad and dangerous moment had arrived. We wanted to register our opposition to that future. That is not enough. But it was worthwhile. Much more needs to be done. But if you want to convince people to change their views, then start with common decency and respect for sincere people. Reply ↓ curlydan April 14, 2017 at 4:54 pm I made it through all 14 or 15 page clicks but not without some skimming. Basically, it was a LONG description of the post-inaugural march, the variety of people there, and the good feelings emanating from the march. But that’s pretty much what all marches are like, large and small. I felt pretty similar in the few marches I’ve been in. Post-march, I’m glad people are giving Republicans hell in town halls but discouraged when 99% of the population buys the Syrian bombing or MOAB bomb stories hook, line, and sinker. Reply ↓ jawbone April 14, 2017 at 5:59 pm There’s that detailed take down of the WH’s defense of the Trump administration’s take that the sarin attack was done by the Syrian government. By Prof. Theodore Postol. http://www.globalresearch.ca/assessment-of-white-house-intelligence-report-about-nerve-agent-attack-in-khan-shaykhun-syria/5584867 He even goes over how the August 2013 Obama WH f’d up their defense of saying the Syrian government did that sarin attack. Maybe every senator and rep should be sent this assessment. ASAP. Toss in Congress Critters who you think might not be getting it/ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 14, 2017 at 6:21 pm Every senator and every rep wants to investigate Russia and Trump campaign. Now that we are gung ho on Syria, the fake news has faded by a lot…though it’s still there, as a reminder. So, why should this assessment be sent to the same people at Capitol Hill who warned about many ways the IC could get to you from Sunday? They are feeling ‘mission accomplished’ after taming Trump. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:08 pm I don’t think 99% of the population has bought the bombing stories. Isn’t there robust polling showing this revival isn’t as popular as the original production? Reply ↓ Procopius April 15, 2017 at 10:23 pm OK, let’s rephrase that to say that 99% of the mainstream media has bought the bombing stories, especially the fable that Assad dropped gas on his people who are held captive by the CIA-backed Jabhat Fateh al Sham. To me it’s no more (or less) absurd than the unanimity I see of people who seem to have accepted the myth that Russia somehow affected our election. From where I sit, half-way around the world, it looks like the whole American electorate is insane. I infer that is not true, because there are still people out there like Prof. Postol who are vainly trying to get people to look at evidence. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 14, 2017 at 6:17 pm To march is to walk. Walking is good for everyone who can walk. We Americans don’t walk enough. Daily would be good…postprandial. Maybe why it feels good to march. Townhall meetings are rumored to be paid by color revolutionaries. I have no idea if that theory is valid. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:13 pm Are we sure that 99% of the population buys it? Has anyone done the research on that? Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 9:53 pm It’s surely 99% media consensus manufacturing. The only thing I saw in the press the indicated someone with UN level reporting stature whom reportedly visited the site and perhaps even tested lab samples for residue was some Brit Intel agency. The news article didn’t say what day the Brits actually were there, and was even hazy about saying they actually were there and personally collected samples. But 8 full days after the “bombing” incident they reported their findings to the UN. Even so they couldn’t avoid inserting some weasel wording. They said it was sarin gas, or something similar to sarin gas! WTF that may mean. No Q&A session either. So maybe the western IC drew straws and it was Britian’s turn to be Colin Powell??? But this what passes for yellow crime tape, sequestered evidence, and expert cross examination. Reply ↓ sporble April 14, 2017 at 5:18 pm I read the whole thing as well, and essentially agree with the previous commenters. It was waytoolong and spent a great deal of time on protesting itself (as opposed to identifying causes which should be protested, effective means of protesting, etc.). It also seemed to venerate the act of protesting; to me, protesting is only effective/useful if it’s a means to an end (a change in policy, venting frustration, etc.), but I admit: I’m 50 years old and I’ve never attended a protest, so maybe I’m just missing the “protest-gene”. I don’t want to step on your toes, Lambert, but I would NOT recommend this piece. Reply ↓ Byron the Light Bulb April 14, 2017 at 2:46 pm Sirens are wailing Friday in Pyongyang for a pop civil defense drill. Corporations in Seoul have begun evacuating their offices. Air China suspends flights from Beijing to Pyongyang. Is it any surprise President Trump isn’t spending man-hours digesting the latest Nationalism by Derrida koan from Bannon. Trump is too busy slamming his thermobaric septuagenarian schwantz on the sand table in paradoxic ‘roid-raging disengagement. Or did he? This strategic ambiguity appears to be achieving peace through bafflement…it’s working… Reply ↓ JohnnyGL April 14, 2017 at 2:48 pm http://www.huffingtonpost.co.za/shelley-garland/could-it-be-time-to-deny-white-men-the-franchise_a_22036640/ Behold! For those who want to know where the id pol endgame lies….especially when combined with mentality of Hamilton-type elites that, overtly or covertly, have a serious disdain for democracy. I know it’s Huff Po and obviously put up there as clickbait to frighten the right-wingers (and everyone, really) but there’s a kind of logic to these id pol mental games. And this is where it leads. Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 4:55 pm From the article, “At the same time, a denial of the franchise to white men, could see a redistribution of global assets to their rightful owners.” If she really wants to disgorge the global wealth from the wealthy, why not set the target appropriately and call it for what is? Revolution. Or is the idea to play it safer and pick winners and losers within the existing framework? Such that the losers in this case would be white people. Sure, whatever. Just be aware that if you’re picking winners and losers that the existing winners have a habit of staying on top. More to the point, they’re not going to disgorge their wealth. But hey, I’m sure they’ll offer ladders for her to climb up to join them, so she can leave her brethren behind. They’re looking for the kinds of people who write articles just like this. As a matter of fact, I’m sure they’ll be interested in financing her campaign. How about instead of picking winners and losers, we focus on how to have everyone be a winner? The wealthy aren’t going to like that; that could be a good tell you’re looking in the right direction. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:42 pm No, this is just elite feminist nonsense. First of all, most white men are also victims of the system, especially now. A lot of the people dying — both on the front lines of our corporate wars and as exploited victims at home — are white men. My husband is currently classified as a “white man,” now that Jews are assimilated enough to the upper class they get to call themselves white (my racist, anti-Semitic, aristocratic grandmother would reject this notion out of hand). He’s nobody’s oppressor, outside of the complicity we all share as Americans. Letting comfortable women pretend they have power is just a misdirect. Women are no closer to ruling as a class than they were in ancient Greece. One of the most horrifying aspects of the Clinton campaign, to me, was how she unleashed all this pent-up rage by women, who seemed to profoundly misunderstand who Hillary Clinton was, how she rose to wealth and prominence, what kind of system she was a product of and would protect and defend, and what was going to happen to them under her presidency. Clinton herself as a political figure is an appendage of her husband. She didn’t even care enough or have enough power to install women at the top of the Clinton Foundation OR her own campaign; both were run by men, who were far better paid than comparable women in those organizations. And yet here all these women were, braying insults at men publicly, as if they were suddenly some tribe brought to power who would be free to annihilate their opponents. But while a Hutu-like genocide would be immoral, what these women were openly seeking wasn’t even possible. It was never going to happen. Hillary Clinton was a tool of patriarchal control. Those women were only putting themselves at risk by making threats against power they would never be able to act upon, while alienating potential allies that would be absolutely necessary to really change the system. (Why, it’s almost like it was a feature and not a bug that the Clinton campaign would use women to get into power, and betray them once in power, while at the same time alienating potential male allies who could actually help overthrow patriarchal power.) I personally have always been opposed to a vision of feminism that views “men” rather than patriarchal ideology and systems as the enemy. Men also suffer under patriarchy. Patriarchy is a system that reinforces elite control, as racism does. Fight the system. Our partners, our brothers, our male friends and neighbors can and should be our allies in this fight against capital and hierarchy. It is both the right approach, and the only effective approach. Meanwhile, some woman writing in The Huffington Post, which exists because a woman married a gay man to access his inherited money (note how both aspects of that were driven by patriarchal doctrine), proposing to magically remove suffrage from the owners and ultimate beneficiaries of the system that allows the The Huffington Post to exist is benighted at best, and an destructive distraction regardless of intent. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 14, 2017 at 9:04 pm marina bart, i agree with your second, third, and fourth paragraphs. thanks for articulating this problem way better than i can. to paraphrase upton sinclair, it is difficult for a women to understand something when her status and achievement as a professional depends on her not understanding it. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 9:35 pm I’d love to read your counterpoint on graf five. I want a way forward to real equality. A world in which some subset of compliant exploiters get to have some marginal increase in power and wealth at the expense of the vast majority of citizens of both genders is not progress to me. Rachel Maddow getting to earn millions as the openly gay mouthpiece of corporate oppression while the average woman across most of the country has less access to abortion, health care, a decent job or a secure retirement than she had 20 years ago is not an improvement. I want out of this box, as a woman and a citizen. Focusing on universal benefits is important. But I think finding a better way to think and talk about gender issues also matters. A lot of women are rightfully angry, but they’re aiming their ire in the wrong direction. Their actual needs and desires — even for many 10%ers — would be better met by the left than by liberalism. Right now, liberalism has a lot of women locked in a back room for its use and enjoyment. Let’s get them out of there and on our side. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 15, 2017 at 12:04 am actually i agreed with graf 5, should have said 3rd, 4th, and 5th grafs (overlooked the initial one-line one). don’t know what you mean by ”counterpoint.” at any rate, you have provided here, and again in your newer post, an eloquent framing of the situation that i’ve been reaching for but unable to articulate to myself, let alone anyone else. i don’t feel i can begin to speak as clearly as you do about some of the delusional expressions of “feminism” i see circulating today. i’ll just say for now that even back in the 1970s, when i was in my twenties, i could not figure out how women were going to really change anything by fighting for the rights to compete along with men in the shark tank of the u.s. corporate workplace and to fight in wars on behalf of the u.s. empire. how can women maintain solidarity with one another in a corporate world where those who are best at lying and manipulation rise most quickly? why do so many women buy the story that their government plans to liberate women in middle eastern countries by killing babies there? Reply ↓ kgw April 14, 2017 at 9:18 pm I was going to say,”Would you have my baabyy,” but I see you are already engaged! Excuse me, that’s the wine verbalizing… We are all laid low by those who think “I exist!,” until they don’t. Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 14, 2017 at 9:47 pm Excellent, Marina Bart! Reply ↓ Oregoncharles April 16, 2017 at 12:58 am Cheers and applause. from the sidelines.. Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 2:48 pm Perez to Sanders …. Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we move to the right Why can’t stop this fi-iii-ight You thought I wouldn’t hit the Corps real tight But you don’t know what I’m talkin about Why can’t we be friends why can’t we make amends why can’t we move to the right why can’t you see the li-iii-ight Small donations were the way to the top .. you said But while you slept we sent the horses’ head Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we reason with you What are you gonna do-oooo Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 3:24 pm You know we’re real CAPITALISTS at heart And you thought Nancy blew a BIG brain-farrrt Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we just be friends I think I need to buy some Depends I know your good, got heavy cred in the street But here’s some IC folks you really should mee-eet Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t you move to the right Why can’t we get real ti-ii-ight If I don’t see you dancing good real soon You’ll never git a piece of that .. GRITFING BALOoN Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t you see things my way why can’t I get you to sway Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 3:31 pm With apologies to the folks from WAR Reply ↓ flora April 14, 2017 at 2:52 pm In an interesting co-incidence, Sanders won the state primaries (caucuses) in both Kansas and Montana. Hillary won in Georgia. The DCCC practically shunned the 2017 KS-04 candidate Thompson and appears to be shunning the Montana candidate Quist. The DCCC is financially supporting and lauding the GA candidate Ossoff. Co-incidence. Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:12 pm DCCC: (202) 863-1500. Reply ↓ PKMKII April 14, 2017 at 3:41 pm The most mind-boggling part of this is that the party has shown willingness to support candidates who deviate from the establishment on social issues (abortion, guns) in order to win in conservative states, despite the propaganda being all about how people have to vote Dem because social issues! Yet, bucking establishment economics in order to win in populist districts? Never, ever, ever. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 5:08 pm Its not mind boggling at all. Its what the party elite value. Social issues come and go, but protecting the wealthy is forever. Their values are simply different than what people project onto them. Hillary dropped her gun control act in the general. She doesn’t care. Reply ↓ montanamaven April 14, 2017 at 6:54 pm This is from a comment I made above. “At the [Montana]Democratic State convention, when Amanda Curtiss did not get the nomination I [Green Party candidate Thomas Breck] had more than half a dozen people call me and tell me ‘I’m in on your campaign’ and the only thing they were waiting for was whether or not they were going to let the progressive have the nomination or going to prop up a quasi-celebrity instead,” Thomas Breck. Read More: MT Green Party Candidate Has Big Legal Hurdles to Cross, Says State Democrats Hinder as Well | http://newstalkkgvo.com/mt-green-party-candidate-has-big-legal-and-democratic-party-hurdles-to-cross/?trackback=tsmclip OK, from what I can figure out, the “progressive candidate” Amanda Curtis is a good gal; math teacher, State Representative. But she is part of the MT Democratic Party establishment. Enough disruptor type Dems and Bernie Supporters wanted no more business as usual and nominated Quist instead of Curtis. Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU April 14, 2017 at 8:07 pm Has anyone ever asserted that #HRC not campaigning in WI/MI was some (poor/doomed) attempt at payback? Much like this KS/MT shunning? #ThereAreNoCoincidences #TheSacredAndTheProfane Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 11:32 pm Stories Ive heard from a trusted source in the 1992 Clinton campaign (shes dead now) don’t paint a pretty picture of the Clintonistas. Without Bill, many of the Clinton loyalists would have fallen down wells or starved to death while lost in corn mazes. The Clintonistas are not a talented group. Except for 1992 in a three way race where Perot ate up Republican activist types, the Clintonistas don’t have a stellar record. Reply ↓ oho April 14, 2017 at 2:57 pm >>. This may be indicative of a breaking point with the public resenting their treatment by large corporations” [MarketWatch]. Dao was the match. The kindling was there for a long time. Sadly it boiled down to “if United and Chicago beat up an old Asian man, who won’t they beat up?” Next person may be a Scarsdale banker! Reply ↓ cm April 14, 2017 at 3:46 pm Next person may be a Scarsdale banker! Does Nobel-prize winning Robert Schiller count? Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 14, 2017 at 4:38 pm NC reader/writer Clive’s comment re something different generalizes here (with apologies for any inexactitude): United: A child carrying a can of gasoline running around looking for a match. Reply ↓ Jim A April 14, 2017 at 3:01 pm GA-06….Would the best Democratic strategy to invest in the #2 democrat so that both names in the runoff were Democrats… Reply ↓ xformbykr April 14, 2017 at 3:04 pm “Show me a good loser …” was actually Tom Heinsohn, Boston Celtics coach. Reply ↓ Rory April 14, 2017 at 10:12 pm who heard it from Red Auerbach. Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm single payer health care advocates on Twitter https://twitter.com/PrestoVivace/lists/single-payer-healthcare Reply ↓ Ranger Rick April 14, 2017 at 3:26 pm Peggy Noonan is arguing for the return of noblesse oblige. We’re more likely to see the return of the guillotine. Rich man’s burden, indeed. Reply ↓ PhilM April 14, 2017 at 4:37 pm While I am usually here to defend the unfairly tarred elite, I agree with you that whatever constitutes the elite in the American Empire has no concept of noblesse, much less its obligations. There is no American aristocracy for one simple reason: there is no undivided inheritance of landed wealth. Partible inheritance was one thing, and it left room for a self-imagined aristocracy of wealth and education, one that might form for a generation or two, if not longer; but death duties combined with partible inheritance mean that a true aristocracy cannot develop, and worse, that it does not have any incentive to develop. For those who want everyone to start at zero, be careful what you wish for: the only true social powers become corporations, which are immortal. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 14, 2017 at 5:49 pm Yes things were so much better under the English landed aristocracy…for the aristocracy! True they did fight the wars for Empire and the exploitation of overseas peasants as well as the domestic. But their sense of duty was to a system from which they were so very much the beneficiaries. Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:30 pm I think PhilM is onto something in that we’re on a spoils system now-of-days as well. But the spoils is the wallet share rather than the spoils being the claim to labor head count. If anything, now-of-days, there’s a desire to have no labor head count. [Of course, how to continue getting a share of wallet that’s still worth spoiling over when the owner of the wallet doesn’t have a job is the issue. Now-of-days we put such people onto the equivalent of indian reservations. They get beer money for their wallet; not enough to be worth spoiling over. Following this tangent further, I’m assuming in the case of the landed aristocracy, people who couldn’t work anymore were left to their relatives to be taken care of. Or did the landed aristocracy engage in welfare for the elderly?] Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:58 pm Some other interesting things to think about. Capital gains (increased asset prices) was not a thing back in the days of landed aristocracy. Hard for that to happen without currency-on-demand (fractional reserve system). I’m sure there were still “playahs” who would borrow their way to wealth, but a much harder game to play. Likely kept everyone’s focus on building the common wealth. [before the dutch system and the ensuing bank-of-england.] Compare to what we have now where the elites don’t even need to seek out wallet share. They can simply drive up asset prices through borrowing. Our present day common wealth. Also, did the peasants on the land have a currency to use for day to day activities? If so, I’m wondering if the landed aristocracy made a point of recycling x amount of their wealth to their peasants to make sure they still had a decent velocity of money to keep them fully engaged. Compare to what we have now where the consequences of low velocity of money is abstract to the elites. Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 9:55 pm One of their ‘duties’ was to starve out the Irish poor ….. or at least stand aside and do nothing while the potato famine ensued ! What ‘s noble about that ? Reply ↓ gepay April 15, 2017 at 2:17 pm … when the economist William Nassau Senior (who took over Thomas Malthus’s position at the East India College) was told that a million people had died in Ireland’s potato famine. He remarked succinctly: “It is not enough.” Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 5:56 pm Forget noblesse oblige — that would just be an excuse for plutocratic privilege. Let’s have an increase in the sense of civic duty by people all across the economic spectrum. In other words, people need to vote, among other things, especially in primary elections. And they need to become better informed about current events — for example, by reading Naked Capitalism. Reply ↓ DJG April 14, 2017 at 3:52 pm The March on Everywhere by Jamison: I am a subscriber to the paper Harper’s magazine, and as I look through the virtual version at Lambert’s suggestion, I recall not having been able to get through the article back in March, for two reasons: –It strikes me as a guide for people who have never been to a demonstration, sort of like the New York Times 36 Hours in Yogyakarta (except 36 Hours of Dissidence). Having gone to the Chicago Women’s March, I saw and experienced many of the same things. If the article has a particular value, it is for those commenters here who pooh-poohed the march. Try marching. It was even recommended by Walt Whitman in his famous line, “We must march, my darlings.” She gives a sense of the feeling of solidarity that is in the air at marches: That’s the joy of walking down Michigan Avenue making noise and bumping gently into all the other people there. –The article is written in the fullsome lushness of the New High American Baroque. I tend to think that so much of our difficulty comes from plain overwroughtness. The article never truly comes to the point of talking about human rights, yet human rights are what are at issue. I often wonder if baroque overwroughtness has now made democracy and humanity somehow unfashionable, not as cool as edgy Steve Bannon, not as embroidered as a NYTimes bruschetta recipe. I was reminded of this yesterday when Lambert posted the essay in Jacobin about human nature, which also suffered from a baroque style: Why couldn’t the author stoop to speaking about human rights? As I’ve mentioned before, an enlightening book for me is Norberto Bobbio’s “Left and Right” (Destra e Sinistra, in the original Italian). Bobbio’s thesis is that the left is still animated by liberty, equality, and solidarity (we passed the limitations of “fraternity” a while back). Why not address these ideas directly? Or are we afraid of equality, which now means a duty to encourage the leveling of our hierarchical and inefficient society? The current torture and murder campaign against gayfolk in Chechnya reminds me, too, why human rights have to be named. “Human nature” is what the murderers claim to be defending, and baroque storytelling cannot get to the centrality of the importance of each human being as a human being with dignity. Reply ↓ j84ustin April 14, 2017 at 4:15 pm Really good point that I couldn’t articulate until you put it out there. Reply ↓ Quentin April 14, 2017 at 4:27 pm Emotional verbalizing. Great, so what now, now that you’ve got that off your chest? Reply ↓ Absolute Negativity April 14, 2017 at 6:22 pm I think the people who thought little of the march (and I was one of them) won’t change their minds. Marches are tactics used by political movements, not political movements in themselves. What’s come after the Women’s March? Many personal experiences written by many individuals but nothing which has amounted to a cohesive political struggle. The march didn’t belong to any political movement, after all, and it had no real goal beyond its own existence. It’s all well and good to share a collective experience, but if it doesn’t serve any specific political goal, it isn’t a political action. It’s just a walkathon. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:22 pm So . . . to make it more than just having been a walkathon . . . what do all these good-fellowship-well-felt marchers plan to do beTWEEN marches? Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 14, 2017 at 8:01 pm i found the harpers article very interesting. i could not figure out what it was really about. i could not sense any gut passion in the writer for any particular thing. i could not figure out what the march was demonstrating. i could tell that she wanted to express how wonderful she thinks women are as such and that they are wonderfully peace-loving, considerate of one another, willing to cooperate with one another, and inspiring to be together with in large groups. i found the writing bland and without bones. i did not understand what many of the embedded stories were really about. i do not have words for what this kind of writing is. i am reluctant to say the piece consists of “bad” writing because that does not really capture what strikes me as off about it. it’s as though something really big is missing, but i can’t quite articulate what that is. it is surprising to read so much concrete description that does not seem to convey much of anything. or maybe something new really is emerging here, in this writing and in the event, and is still too vague to appear as anything but a giant larva, unrecognizable as what it will become. one thing i can say for sure is that this writing does not convey a sense that the writer has risked anything in writing it. i know that when i see it, and it ain’t there. also, it is hard for me to imagine how someone manages to refer to so many stories of courage and defiance and of just sweating through things, without conveying the actuality of any of it. it’s as if all of it is soothingly wrapped in a comforter. it evokes for me a vision of women winning out in the end by smothering everything that gets in their way in white pillows. seriously–this could work! i’m sure others can express better why the piece did not move me or give me any insight other than the sense that the nature of this writing itself, and the fact that harpers published it, may be a sign of something gone terribly wrong, something terribly missing from our educated elites’ consciousness. i do not believe we will see any significant change until protests occur in which people are committing civil disobedience/risking their lives. this piece of writing seems to me to show forth a frightening unlikelihood that that will happen any time soon. i did not see any mentions of the wars (after vietnam). but maybe i missed them. the article’s opacity to me makes me wonder if i am even reading it sanely. i hope others can help me see what i’m missing. i really hope what i’m seeing is not a new kind of orwellian non-writing that cannot name anything that is really going on and serves to reassure the reader that democracy, protest, justice, as we once knew them, are still in the picture when they are actually long gone. Reply ↓ flora April 14, 2017 at 8:57 pm Thank you. The article left me baffled. What was her subject? Was it supposed to be an essay about the woman’s march, with her experience as subtext? Was it supposed to be an Anaïs Nin style of diary journalism about personal experience, the march serving as subtext ? Or was it supposed to be something else all together? Reply ↓ marym April 15, 2017 at 12:01 am If this were the 1970’s this writing style would be more suitable to describe a music festival than a protest march….warm summer day, people pleasantly stoned, with their beads and their tie dye, sharing snacks, telling disjointed bits of stories, feeling all one-with-the-universe. It seems like a description of something similar to what happened as the “movement” of the 60’s melted into the “counter-culture” – except without the movement (or the drugs). I hope it’s just one person’s writing style. Reply ↓ montanamaven April 15, 2017 at 8:57 am What is solidarity? The dictionary says “it is ties in society that bind people together as one” like a family or a tribe or being pissed off your candidate lost. But for me solidarity is about coming together to mutually aid one another. It is the crux of making gains in working people’s live. Unions. To STAND in solidarity. To WALK the picket line. So I would hope that you and others who felt joy at walking down Michigan Avenue will also join with your sisters and brothers the next time the Hyatt workers strike the hotel chain or protest your local Whole Foods or standing up for a co worker. Standing in the cold, walking the picket line may not bring you the same warm feelings as the women’s march, but it is where you get a sense of doing something together for mutual aid and cooperation. It is the opposite of patriarchy. It is fraternity and sorority. It is action. And, as Aletheia33 points out, there is risk involved. Reply ↓ Gaianne April 15, 2017 at 9:42 am “i really hope what i’m seeing is not a new kind of orwellian non-writing that cannot name anything that is really going on and serves to reassure the reader that democracy, protest, justice, as we once knew them, are still in the picture when they are actually long gone.” Thank you. Reading your words I get the queasy feeling that, yes, that is EXACTLY what you are seeing. But then I think: What of this woman’s self-described inheritance as a daughter of a family of activism? Somehow, and I don’t know how, it has been bleached of all goals, purpose, and strategy so that all that is left are the overly-examined good feelings of fighting the (under-examined) good fight. One small point about the article–a thing I remember from the late 60s and early 70s: She spends so much time worrying about guilt, and so little on correcting behaviors that need correcting. This did not work well back then either. –Gaianne Reply ↓ gepay April 15, 2017 at 2:22 pm I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound or stab us. If the book we’re reading doesn’t wake us up with a blow to the head, what are we reading for? So that it will make us happy, as you write? Good lord, we would be happy precisely if we had no books, and the kind of books that make us happy are the kind we could write ourselves if we had to. But we need books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply, like the death of someone we loved more than ourselves, like being banished into forests far from everyone, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. That is my belief. — Franz Kafka, in a letter to a friend Reply ↓ PKMKII April 14, 2017 at 4:57 pm Uber confirms $2.8 billion loss for 2016 Reply ↓ Uahsenaa April 14, 2017 at 5:30 pm That Bloomberg article is so bizarre in the way it bends over backwards to put a positive spin on what are straightforwardly bad financials. The whole “revenue growth outpaced increase in losses” is so muddled, because losses already includes revenue in its calculation. The proper comparison is revenue to costs, which, given the 6.1% increase in losses the article cites, means increases in costs are outpacing growth in revenue. I.e. things are actually getting worse, financially speaking. Yet, Bloomberg uncritically repeats Uber’s line that “we’re fine, we’re all fine here… how are you?“ Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:12 pm “Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer?” [Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal]. Without being able to read the article, I was going to say that the answer was to be as sheepdog. In the same way that Bernie seemingly was the sheepdog to keep the bros from defecting (as much as he could) from Hillary, Bannon has that option of playing that same role for Trump (call them Bannon Bros? lol). And that makes Bannon powerful. That made Sanders powerful too, but he didn’t seem to realize how much power he had. Or he didn’t want to be too unseemly about exploiting it. Hard to know. Anyways, if I were Bannon, I would be playing that hand for all its worth right now. And be prepared to walk. If he really wanted to up the ante, wouldn’t it be cool if he defected and backed Bernie? I think he could actually pull that off. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:25 pm But would Bannon back Bernie if Bernie doesn’t support Bannon’s White Grievance / White Power Nationalism? And would Bannon back Bernie if Bernie doesn’t support Bannon’s effort to abolish the Regulatory State which makes sure that “if it says aspirin on the label, it isn’t arsenic that’s in the bottle” ? Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 10:13 pm I think Bannon may even be sincere on his predatory capitalism views. He does have a large following and his own media megaphone so maybe he can educate his followers on the issue(s) and maybe get them to sing from a more eloquent hymnbook. However, we just got another demonstration of how easily one gets unseated from anywhere close to the levers of power whenever one makes threatening noises about the finances of rich people and offers a cure the 99% would approve of. Altho he comes with weird mental baggage. Tax cuts for corporations and rich people are the way forward to equitable opportunity and income distribution??? Supply side was so 80s, and I thought everyone just got a good Laffer outta it? Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal April 14, 2017 at 6:12 pm from the Crapification of Murica files, case #4080: Anyone know of a means to record a internet-based phone call, with a service like Google Voice or Skype, on a Win7 laptop? I interacted with a Gov Customer No-Service recently. They sent a vague letter requesting certain documents. I called to clarify exactly what documents they needed. I asked if the CSR rep could email me that exact wording she said on the phone with respect to the documents. She refused, claiming she was “unable to do so”. Now if the follow up, the next CSR2 contradicts CSR1 & says the documents are insufficient, I will have no proof of the prior “promise” of CSR1. If I had that recording technology, at the call start, I could state I am recording this conversation for my “quality control purposes”, & have protection re evidence of the CSR1’s instructions. In contrast on a similar issue of requesting email verification, a private electronics vendor did send me an email indicating that I had jumped “jumped through their hoop”, completed their “action item” & the warranty was initated & valid for 12 months until Apr XX, 2018. At least being a government issue, if the government does screw me over, I can theoretically contact my relevant elected legislatureperson’s Constituent Services, at least that’s what Thom Hartmann mentioned, & my elected Rep’s office actually proved helpful the one time I contacted it. Reply ↓ DJPS April 14, 2017 at 6:32 pm Try these https://support.skype.com/en/faq/FA12395/how-can-i-record-my-skype-calls I bet they will hang up when you tell them they are being recorded. Reply ↓ ewmayer April 14, 2017 at 6:14 pm LGBT advocates seek to label opponents as U.S. hate groups | Reuters IdPol gone wild or reasonable move? Reply ↓ witters April 14, 2017 at 7:40 pm Performative Self-Contradiction: “This group hates hate groups!” Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 14, 2017 at 10:01 pm A crime is a crime. The “hate crime” discourse strikes me as an unnecessary ideological overlay. Not “thoughtcrime,” but close? Reply ↓ Dandelion April 14, 2017 at 11:20 pm It’s the T, not the G, L, or B, and specifically it’s the T who are biological males. They’ve already forced an astonishng level of speech suppression in academic, psychotherapy, and medical communities. If a patient tells a therapist he’s T, a therapist can’t challenge that diagnosis or even suggest exploring more deeply those feelings without risking their license for engaging in “conversion therapy.” Basically, for the T, spoken thought based on the fact that surgery can’t actually change biological sex is hate speech, and the use of incorrect pronouns is violence. They’re mostly targeting for hate speech violations any feminists who don’t support males in female prisons, mental health bedrooms, homeless and domestic violence shelters, dorm rooms and locker rooms, or competing against females in sports — all of which is already happening, to the documented detriment of females. Also guilty of hate speech are those who question putting prepubescent children for 5 or more years on the chemotherapy drugs developed for prostate cancer when there are no studies on using it this way, and then cross-sex hormones that sterilize these kids, many of whom, it seems from their own or their parents’ words, would have grown up to be gay or lesbian. Many G, L, and B are aware of these issues and are not happy at being grouped with the T. Unfortunately there is very big pharma and medical care money at play, as well as Pritzker billions in support. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 15, 2017 at 11:06 am I just listened to a Great podcast on this topic. http://loveandradio.org/2017/02/understood-as-to-understand/ Reply ↓ DJG April 15, 2017 at 1:47 pm Dandelion: Yep, there are some worrisome stats out there. Margaret Talbott, in an article for the New Yorker a while back, estimated that a third of transgender kids are gay / lesbian. So you end up with the result, heteronormativity, being presented as a kind of liberation. I belong to an organization in which the spokesperson for LGBT issues had a lesbian daughter who transitioned to become a son who is now married. Disruptive! We are a long way from same-sex desire and its endless historical evidence. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 6:22 pm Off subject, but concerning the United beating, I heard an interesting idea. Instead of starting with a low offer for your ticket/seat, why not start high? Kind of like “who want’s to be a thousandaire, raise your arms in the air”. Start at $5000.00 and half the boarding area or passengers stand up. Then begin lowering the offer until the number left standing meets the airline requirement. They will feel like winners!! Could even be an interesting app. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:55 pm No, each of them will picture having $5,000 the instant they stand up, so as the number goes down, each of them will feel that money has been stolen from them. That would be an excellent way to start a riot on an airplane. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 7:56 pm Don’t agree. Americans like game shows (Trump comes to mind). Except for the blood thirsty, I would expect them to be totally engaged in a good way Reply ↓ John k April 14, 2017 at 6:56 pm Interesting idea. And many would seriously consider volunteering. But most crappy airlines have lots of restrictions on the offer. Always ask if it’s cash. If a voucher, is it a single one or multiple? Transferable? Etc. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 8:06 pm The suggestion was made to a lawyer involved with airline litigation. I suppose airlines could exploit the idea (notice exploit instead of “loop hole” an innocent term for those who choose not to uphold law & instead find a way around it) who gave it a thumbs up/brilliant idea. Reply ↓ Chauncey Gardiner April 14, 2017 at 7:07 pm The discovery of tellurium in international waters is both fascinating and welcome news, although the U.S. produces about 25 percent of our current need for this mineral and is not as dependent on foreign producers for this resource as we now are for many others: https://www.usgs.gov/news/risk-and-reliance-us-economy-and-mineral-resources 500 miles off the Canaries, though?… Might be difficult to extract, either economically or environmentally. Reply ↓ Randy April 14, 2017 at 7:17 pm A little irony. Corporate pawn shop goes belly up. Pawn America declares Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:35 pm If Ossoff of Georgia is a Clintonite, the Bernies of all stripes and types should oppose the Ossoff in its election. If the Bernies feel they can bite the bullet and wade through the sewage to destroy a Clintonite and drive it out of politics as part of a longer range effort to purge the Clintonite filth out of the Democratic Party; they might even bring themselves to do the “Willy Stark” thing and vote FOR the likeliest Republican IN ORDER to defeat and destroy the Clintonite Ossoff. Such an action would show that it is possible to destroy a Clintonite and drive it out of politics. Step by step, Real Democrats could declintanimate the Democrat Party and make it Democratic again. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:39 pm And no, the circle does not get squared without a thorough housecleaning. Every trace of Clintobamacrat filth will have to be defeated and destroyed step by step. If this means that the Clintobamacrat 10 per centers all leave the Democrat Party and join the Republican Party, then at least the Real Democrats will have a Real Democratic Party again. Such a Real Democratic Party can then go Red Gingrich on the Clintobama Crapublicans’ asses in the House and maybe even the Senate. Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 14, 2017 at 8:10 pm https://nplusonemag.com/online-only/online-only/less-of-a-machine-more-of-a-pal/ Imagine the value of a car that, thanks to an exclusive multi-year partnership, autonomously drives past Dunkin’ Donuts and heads straight for Starbucks when you say, “Leaf, get me a coffee.” Or, a car in which Nissan Pay replaces Samsung Pay or Apple Pay and takes a piece of the action. Thankfully I won’t live long enough to see it. Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 8:50 pm The VW Id — the constant desire of VW to make and sell more cars. Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop April 14, 2017 at 8:43 pm “Dems can’t win Trump’s base in 2018, but they’ll try to demoralize it” Play to your strengths. /ns Reply ↓ witters April 14, 2017 at 9:52 pm Sanders is toxic: “Let’s all recognize that, in a world full of disgusting dictators, Bashar Assad maybe ranks at the top. This is a guy, in order to hang on to power, has allowed 400,000 people in his own country to be killed and millions to be displaced. Our goal, long term, has got to work with countries around the world. We cannot do it unilaterally. We’ve got to work with countries around the world for a political solution to get rid of this guy and to finally bring peace and stability to this country, which has been so decimated.” It is just a fact. Get over it. Reply ↓ bwilli123 April 14, 2017 at 10:07 pm I think that you’ve accidentally posted to the wrong site which, in a spasm of over-excitement, can happen to the best of us. I’ve posted the correct link for you to follow below. regards. http://www.dailykos.com/contactus Reply ↓ hunkerdown April 15, 2017 at 5:51 am I think witters is right. Sanders is toxic because he uses his somewhat earned celebrity to sell the Democrat Party’s foreign policy phantasy. That is something the left will have to get over: the idea that liberals can really, really stand against the system that underpins their theories of human society. A more even-handed answer would sound more like, “Syria is just another nation-state in the Westphalian system, with all the blood that entails.” Reply ↓ Cpn Obvious April 15, 2017 at 8:36 am Only preaching to the choir is allowed. lol Reply ↓ VietnamVet April 14, 2017 at 10:04 pm America’s fundamental problem is that we are ruled and informed by a very small credentialed class that live in an echo chamber who serve a very small number of very wealthy families. Thomas Frank’s What to Make of the Age of Trump is the best description of this that I have seen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPYlE72OzZA The contradictions that this neo-liberal-con rule is hatching are dangerous. In Korea, China will never agree to have a reunification without the withdrawal of all American troops. No sane Chinese leader would allow US troops on the other side of the Yalu River. Especially when the mad men in America are now threatening to bomb North Korea to prevent the next test of a nuclear weapon. The cosmopolitan belief of the Russian interference in the 2016 election by release of the DNC e-mails has grown so powerful it has turned on itself. The Obama Administration is now blamed for not preventing something where there is no proof of Russian involvement and which exposes the actual corruption of the political system. This is directly escalating tensions between two nuclear powers. https://www.buzzfeed.com/hayesbrown/how-russia-hacked-obamas-legacy?utm_term=.gkZLRQMq3&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1#.da1NXvaq7 Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 11:40 pm Democrats were always going to turn on Obama. They were fairly eager to dump him which was part of the bizarre Hillary phenomenon. On a practical level, the Democratic Party is largely a pre-Obama entity as Obama never cultivated a new generation, not just losing seats but leaving Democrats who should have retired before Obama took office all over the blue map. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 10:17 pm “File This Under Nostalgia: New Book Pays Tribute To The Library Card Catalog” [NPR]. =============== Please, DO NOT drive a vehicle or operate heavy machinery while listening to NPR! Reply ↓ meeps April 14, 2017 at 11:19 pm “The March on Everywhere” [Harpers] I think placing this under Realignment and Legitimacy is fair, though I’d be hard-pressed to name a human activity that would fall outside of that purview, so that’s my priors. I’m also (among other things) a woman, a feminist, an activist and a humanist. As such, I’ll not castigate the author (or anyone else) for participating in the post-inauguration/women’s march–as many did–from afar. She arrived on the scene and she took additional care to write about her impressions. Put another way, she exercised her rights to free speech and to peaceful assembly. Her account of exhilaration coupled with aimlessness is telling in that it exposes the critical difference between having ‘rights’ and having the effective organizational capacity for those rights to accomplish anything beyond speaking and gathering. That’s a lovely start, but it’s a long way from restoring full use of the atrophied limb of democracy. I sensed a great deal of obligatory duty in her narrative. One can interpret that as noblesse oblige, but any among us is well-advised to investigate what motivates our actions concerning others. Am I doing (x) because my mother/father/boss/partner/Obama would have…? Am I doing (y) because civil rights leaders, soldiers, Jesus gave their lives so I could…? Will I burn in eternal damnation if I don’t (z) and what would that say about my eternal soul? These ghosts upstage actors all the time but are poor guides to action in present circumstances. The author mentioned (several times?) that it was not about her. Would it be a problem if it was? One can martyr oneself all day long (there’s a long history of ‘heroes’ there) or one can ask if they’ve anything in common with those they’d sacrifice themselves for. If so, maybe there’d be some common cause worth showing up for—like an aim, right now. If not, fine. Be who you really are. Is that not revolutionary enough? Maybe I’m weird with a warped world-view (I’ll consider it), but I see people as people. When last I checked ALL people need water, food, air, shelter and medicine. Why organize for these rights? Because misery, suffering and death are a certainty for each and every one of us without them–I don’t care who you are. That may suck rocks, but we are biological beings in a material world, no matter what the tribal factions believe, so we’d better get our stuff together and focus on the basics. Or marching on everywhere will lead us nowhere. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman April 14, 2017 at 11:47 pm Has this been posted here? Daily Kos Is Back | The Huffington Post “The liberal site has acquired a new relevance in the era of Democratic resistance to President Donald Trump.” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/daily-kos-is-back_us_58ee985ce4b0da2ff85de500?link_id=2&can_id=bdc0778090fdd974cca0e53ae6a3c036&source=email-our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back&email_referrer=our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back&email_subject=our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back Reply ↓ sd April 15, 2017 at 3:11 am Has OPOL returned to posting at Daily Kos? My guess is no. Reply ↓ LupeMax April 15, 2017 at 7:46 am re “the March on Everywhere” I did not go to the march (or any marches these days) because I view them as “conscience raising” for those who have been “absent” and follow only the infotainment on the MSM (and that includes PBS, NPR) over the last 45 years. I don’t find either unity or comfort in crowds or mobs. The article made me feel guilty, tired, and sad at how much we have lost and angry at how there was so little mention of the “common people”-so many of whom are doing much but it’s like swimming upstream, or even swimming on land but they continue. Those are my heros. Not those on the bandstands at the marches. I too have been disappointed in Harper’s over the last few months. I wonder what’s up there. The article also made me think of an excerpt from Howard Zinn’s collection of autobiographical essays “You Can’t Be Neutral on A Moving Train”, as he traveled around the country in his later years “giving talks.” In the chapter on “The Possibility of Hope” he wrote: “What I discovered was heartening. In whatever town, large or small, in whatever state of The Union, there was always a cluster of men and women who cared about the sick, the hungry, the victims of racism, the casualties of war, and who were doing something, however small, in the hope the world would change. “Wherever I was- whether Dallas, Texas or Ada, Oklahoma, or Shreveport, Louisiana, or New Orleans or San Diego or Philadelphia, or Presque Isle, Maine, or Bloomington, Indiana, or Olympia, Washington—I found such people. And beyond the handful of activists there seems to behundreds, thousands more who were open to unorthodox ideas. “But they tended not to know of each other’s existence, and so, while they persisted, they did so with the desperate patience of Sisyphus endlessly pushing that boulder up the mountain. I tried to tell each group that it was not alone, and that the very people who were disheartened by the absence of a national movement were themselves proof of the potential for such a movement. I suppose I was trying to persuade myself as well as them.” Zinn, at least in print, was always optimistic that good would triumph, eventually. Can’t help but wonder what he would say about Trump, the MOAB, climate, War. Unfortunately I live in one of those tony suburbs of Boston where the “professional class” dems dominate. Indeed even in my little town I detect a drive to find someone akin to HRC (or at least a professional woman) “moving forward, fighting back” against Trump. And people who don’t read the NY Times and follow politics are ignorable “political junkies…” Reply ↓ LM April 15, 2017 at 12:46 pm Hello LupeMax, You wrote: “The article made me feel guilty, tired, and sad at how much we have lost and angry at how there was so little mention of the “common people”-so many of whom are doing much but it’s like swimming upstream, or even swimming on land but they continue. Those are my heros. Not those on the bandstands at the marches. ” I think that goes to the heart of the Harper’s piece. Much of the recent women’s march seemed, to me, to be about whom they would exclude. Those on the bandstand, Steinem in particular, were among those women in the early-to-mid ’70s, who decided, in their infinite wisdom, to squander the movement’s naissant political capital by heaping insults on nearly half the human race, followed by an unsuccessful ProveYouLoveUsPassTheEqualRightsAmmendment campaign. The Harper’s piece reminded me of the scene in the film “The Return of the Seacaucus Seven,’ where the protagonists wax nostalgic over the wonderous street cred of of their previous arrests at political protests, while being booked on banal charges for tresspassing. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Dead Dog on Links 4/15/17Perhaps the utopia Musk et al seek is... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17I agree 100% that the insurers benefitted from... Yves Smith on Links 4/15/17To be more blunt, it's factually wrong in... Oregoncharles on Links 4/15/17I thought Carter was a really terrible President.... different clue on Links 4/15/17Well . . . that certainly is a... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,019) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,417) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,503) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (964) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,889) Links (3,053) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,035) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (444) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,020) Social values (1,791) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (455) The destruction of the middle class (1,350) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Things to Read Shop Local Spring Arts Home Blogtown, PDX Savage Love I, Anonymous News Music Fashion Film Food&Drink Cannabis Art Comedy Books Theater Sports Feature Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity Pizza Week Soul'd Out Festival Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Comedy Theater&Dance Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Festivals Cannabis Events Fashion Restaurants Bars&Clubs Cannabis Directory Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Shop Local Spring Arts Home Blogtown, PDX Savage Love I, Anonymous News Music Fashion Film Food&Drink Cannabis Art Comedy Books Theater Sports Feature Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity Pizza Week Soul'd Out Festival Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Comedy Theater&Dance Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Festivals Cannabis Events Fashion Restaurants Bars&Clubs Cannabis Directory Other Things Merc Tickets MercPerks Account Log in Sign up New Column! Apr 12, 2017 New Column One Hulk’s Opinion by The Incredible Hulk RYAN ALEXANDER-TANNER Tweet Hulk have question... AM GOVERNMENT GONE CRAZY?? Look, Hulk understand puny Democrats and Republicans not like each other. Hulk understand there going to be bi-partisan bickering. (Hulk and drunk Tony Stark bi-partisan bicker all the time.) That good sign of democracy in action! But when puny Republicans use “nuclear option” against Democrats? That kind of overreacting, don’t puny human think?!? Take it from somebody (Hulk) who very familiar with “nuclear option”—it do not end well! Hulk mean, LOOK AT HULK. Hulk not here today without “nuclear option”! Of course there am upside to being blasted with radiation. Hulk very strong and can jump to moon. Downside? Hulk’s clothing choices am somewhat limited. (XXXXXL purple pants not exactly easy to come by. Even at Walmart.) Also Hulk widely considered to be monster, so Hulk chased around country by General “Thunderbolt” Ross WHO ONCE AGAIN SHOOT NUCLEAR BOMBS AT HULK? C’mon, puny people! How do humans think Hulk got into situation in first place?!? Look, Hulk get it. Democrats am very definition of puny. Every time puny Sen. Chuck Schumer open him stupid mouth, Hulk want to SMASH SMASH SMASH him into juicy pulp. But puny Republicans no better! Hulk hate puny House Speaker Paul Ryan so much, Hulk want to fling him to South America, jump over there before him arrive, and catch his ugly smug face on end of Hulk’s FIST. Puny Paul Ryan am literally THE WORST. But Hulk never do these things. Why? Because no matter how many nuclear bombs puny government drop on Hulk, Hulk still American. Hulk still respect puny US constitution. So here Hulk message to puny Republicans: Do not drop nuclear bomb on puny Democrats. It not good for puny human’s health. (Again, see Hulk.) Remember: Big guys like Republicans and Hulk should be careful with little guys—because it not long before we’re little guys again. (In Hulk’s case, turning back into puny Bruce Banner. UGHHH!!! HULK HATE HIM WORSE THAN PAUL RYAN!) You might also be interested in these: New Column! Spring is Here... and it’s Time to HUMP! by Mercury Staff Get Your Tickets Now for... Dan Savage’s Easter Extravaganza! Advice! Music! Comedy! Sexy Jesus! It’s Dan Savage’s Easter Extravaganza! New Column! Celebrate a New America with this Donald Trump Commemorative Ruble! Most Popular in New Column! New Column One Hulk’s Opinion by The Incredible Hulk Get Your Tickets Now for... Dan Savage’s Easter Extravaganza! Advice! Music! Comedy! Sexy Jesus! It’s Dan Savage’s Easter Extravaganza! by New Column! Celebrate a New America with this Donald Trump Commemorative Ruble! by New Column! Spring is Here... and it’s Time to HUMP! by Mercury Staff Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Mercury Ticketing Buy tickets to events around Portland MercPerks Great deals on local businesses This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Jobs at Portland Mercury Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 115 SW Ash St. Suite 600, Portland, OR 97204 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 115 SW Ash St. Suite 600, Portland, OR 97204 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Movie Awards Season Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Cox Conserves Science Center Weather Experience Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More Orlando community takes stand against gun violence by: Angela Jacobs, WFTV Web Staff Updated: Apr 15, 2017 - 7:30 PM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. - Residents of the Parramore neighborhood, Orlando city leaders and people from surrounding communities say more needs to be done to end gun violence to make the city safer. The annual "Stop the Violence, Embrace Peace" rally was held in Parramore Saturday. The event was held for the first time at the Callahan Neighborhood Center. Related Headlines Future uncertain for collection of murals in Parramore Orlando Police Department unveils new headquarters in Parramore Orlando City celebrates victory as season opens in new stadium Photos: Stop the violence rally in Parramore At the start of the rally, fallen Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton was honored for her efforts to unite the community. Her husband was given a Legends award. Clayton was shot and killed in January outside a Walmart when she tried to arrest accused killer Markeith Loyd, investigators said. Photos: Slideshow of fallen Lt. Debra Clayton “I know this is going to be the best one ever because of the location we're in,” said Jack Williams Jr., the rally organizer and long-time Parramore resident. The city and the community have worked on many efforts to turn around Parramore. The new Orlando Police Department headquarters just recently opened, as well as a new fire station. The new Orlando City Soccer stadium was also built in the heart of Parramore. The all-day event will include music, games and at least 30 performers and speakers set to address the crowd with a messages of peace and unity throughout. "I want them to know that their dream can come true if they say on the right path," said Williams. Orlando City Commissioner Regina Hill, who was also close to Clayton, said the gathering was designed so people don't feel alone in the fight against violence. "There's everybody in this park today saying we are stronger together and no we're not going to be silent. Yes we're going to stand up. Yes, we're going to turn tragedy into triumph," Hill said. Interactive map: Orlando 2016-2017 homicides A local boxing coach brought his entire club of kids to support the movement against the violence that he says has taken and ruined so many young lives. “The grass is already here, there's no more root to it. The grass is here, we just need to support it, it's here. It really is, it's not just talk, it's really here,” said Ruben Saldana, boxing coach. Saldana said he’s working on getting a van to begin taking his young boxers to more positive events like Saturday’s rally.    style=&quot;border:1px solid black;&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot;>   On @WFTV Annual Stop The Violence and Embrace rally empowers a community today in Parramore @ReginaHillFL pic.twitter.com/r7LKTEsogQ — Angela Jacobs WFTV (@AngelaJacobsTV) April 15, 2017   © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Orlando community takes stand against gun violence Central Florida fires force some evacuations, authorities say Mount Dora barber killed after refusing to cut man's hair for $2, witnesses say Multiple beach rescues take place in Volusia County Saturday, officials say World rejoices as April the giraffe finally gives birth News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, Apr 16, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion State Jailed Ohio man leads police to stashed heroin at Wal-Mart Drugs hidden in a pair of pants ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on April 15, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print CAMBRIDGE, Ohio — Authorities say an inmate at an Ohio county jail them led to a packet of heroin he stashed in a pair of pants at a Wal-Mart store. The Cambridge Daily Jeffersonian reports a store manager called police Thursday asking for a drug dog to search for narcotics in the men’s clothing section. The newspaper reports that the prisoner’s mother had contacted the store and said her son had left drugs there. The dog couldn’t find the heroin so police asked the imate for help. He led officers to a rack of dress pants where the drugs were found. He was then returned to Guernsey County Jail where he was being held on drug and obstruction charges. Police now are considering whether to seek felony drug charges. Related Items ohio , united states , north america , cambridge Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Jailed Cambridge Man Leads Police to Stashed Heroin at Wal-Mart - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Bizarre News Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Nature Pics Video Sports High School WV Illustrated Community Contests Features Caring For You Health Care Show Honor The Badge Pet of the Week Events Calendar A Taste With Rach Wing It On Card My OV Business Directory Excellence in Education Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests Jailed Cambridge Man Leads Police to Stashed Heroin at Wal-Mart Posted: Saturday, April 15, 2017 10:57 AM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 15, 2017 11:19 AM EDT CAMBRIDGE, Ohio (AP) - Authorities say an inmate at an Ohio county jail led them to a packet of heroin he stashed in a pair of pants at a Wal-Mart store.      The Cambridge Daily Jeffersonian reports a store manager called police Thursday asking for a drug dog to search for narcotics in the men's clothing section.      The newspaper reports that the prisoner's mother had contacted the store and said her son had left drugs there.      The dog couldn't find the heroin so police asked the imate for help. He led officers to a rack of dress pants where the drugs were found.      He was then returned to Guernsey County Jail where he was being held on drug and obstruction charges.      Police now are considering whether to seek felony drug charges. ___      Information from: The Daily Jeffersonian, http://www.daily-jeff.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Commerce E-commerce Mergers and Acquisitions Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men’s retailer Bonobos It would be the fourth acquisition in seven months for Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Apr 14, 2017, 3:09pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Chicago Bulls star Jimmy Butler and Bonobos CEO Andy Dunn at the Bonobos Michigan Avenue Launch Party Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images for Bonobos Walmart’s acquisition streak under new e-commerce chief Marc Lore continues. The world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer is in advanced discussions to acquire Bonobos, a 10-year-old men’s fashion retailer based in New York City. Sources say the two sides have agreed on a price — which couldn’t immediately be learned — and that the deal is in its final due diligence stages. The deal would mark at least the fourth e-commerce acquisition by Walmart digital chief Marc Lore since Walmart acquired his company Jet.com seven months ago. Those include women’s online retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear seller MooseJaw and online shoe site ShoeBuy. Lore also bought online furniture retailer Hayneedle while Jet.com was still independent. The largest of the Walmart deals under Lore was $70 million, but sources say Bonobos will go for more than that. The company has between $100 million and $150 million in annual revenue and is in better financial shape than ModCloth, which sold for less than 1x revenue. For a retail business like this, it wouldn’t be unusual to fetch between 1x and 2x revenue. Bonobos was valued at $300 million, according to PitchBook, when it raised $55 million in 2014. Bonobos was founded in 2007 by CEO Andy Dunn and Brian Spaly as an e-commerce shop selling dress pants designed to fit athletic men. Since then, the company has expanded into dress shirts, suits and outerwear, and started to sell through Nordstrom, which is an investor, in addition to its own website. Dress shirts start at around $98 and suits at $550. Over the last few years, Bonobos has also opened more than 30 brick-and-mortar showrooms, called Guideshops, where customers can get fitted and place orders to be delivered to their home. It has raised more than $125 million from investors like Forerunner Ventures, Lightspeed and Mousse Partners in part to fuel this expansion, and had been in discussions over the last few months to raise more. But it had been challenging for Bonobos to find new investment terms that made sense for all parties because it had already raised a lot of money for a retail company of its size. On the surface, the Walmart and Bonobos brands make little sense together. But Lore has been trying to buy digital-native companies with strong brands that appeal to a different demographic than Walmart does, and ones that have the potential to be healthy standalone businesses with Walmart’s backing. “We’re behind,” he said at Recode’s Code Commerce event in March. “We need to catch up.” The deals have also been intended to bring new digital leadership into Walmart — the CEOs of the acquired companies have been staying in place — and to increase the selection of goods on Jet.com, with bonus points for branded goods that can’t be found on other sites, like Amazon. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Watch the ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ trailer right here The apps to use if you want to keep your messages private Mark Zuckerberg has sold more than $1 billion worth of Facebook stock in the past year Facebook is deleting a bunch of spam accounts in its effort to fight fake news DJI is running away with the drone market The internet has driven the entire growth of the U.S. H-1B program Trending This is the Jeff Bezos playbook for preventing Amazon’s demise It’s Day 1 forever because Day 2 is death. The apps to use if you want to keep your messages private Protect yourself from hackers. DJI is running away with the drone market Better products at lower prices are helping China’s drone giant take control of a fast-growing industry. Jack Dorsey tweeted a photo of what looks like a Square debit card So old-school. Mark Zuckerberg has sold more than $1 billion worth of Facebook stock in the past year He is selling stock to fund the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, his philanthropic investment vehicle. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Watch the ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ trailer right here by Kurt Wagner The apps to use if you want to keep your messages private by Kurt Wagner, April Glaser, and 1 other Mark Zuckerberg has sold more than $1 billion worth of Facebook stock in the past year by Kurt Wagner Facebook is deleting a bunch of spam accounts in its effort to fight fake news by Kurt Wagner Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Jailed Ohio man leads police to stashed heroin at Wal-Mart - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Bizarre News Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Nature Pics Video Sports High School WV Illustrated Community Contests Features Caring For You Health Care Show Honor The Badge Pet of the Week Events Calendar A Taste With Rach Wing It On Card My OV Business Directory Excellence in Education Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests Jailed Ohio man leads police to stashed heroin at Wal-Mart Posted: Saturday, April 15, 2017 9:49 AM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 15, 2017 10:23 AM EDT CAMBRIDGE, Ohio (AP) - Authorities say an inmate at an Ohio county jail led them to a packet of heroin he stashed in a pair of pants at a Wal-Mart store. The Cambridge Daily Jeffersonian reports (http://bit.ly/2ocqoHP ) a store manager called police Thursday asking for a drug detection dog to search for narcotics in the men's clothing section. The newspaper reports that the prisoner's mother had contacted the store and said her son had left drugs there. The dog couldn't find the heroin so police asked the inmate for help. He led officers to a rack of dress pants where the drugs were found. He was then returned to Guernsey County Jail where he was being held on drug and obstruction charges. Police now are considering whether to seek felony drug charges. Information from: The Daily Jeffersonian, http://www.daily-jeff.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions April 15, 2017 79° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Partly cloudy. High 82F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Some clouds. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 15, 2017 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Jailed Ohio man leads police to stashed heroin at Wal-Mart Apr 15, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago (…) CAMBRIDGE, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say an inmate at an Ohio county jail led them to a packet of heroin he stashed in a pair of pants at a Wal-Mart store. The Cambridge Daily Jeffersonian reports (http://bit.ly/2ocqoHP ) a store manager called police Thursday asking for a drug detection dog to search for narcotics in the men's clothing section. The newspaper reports that the prisoner's mother had contacted the store and said her son had left drugs there. The dog couldn't find the heroin so police asked the inmate for help. He led officers to a rack of dress pants where the drugs were found. He was then returned to Guernsey County Jail where he was being held on drug and obstruction charges. Police now are considering whether to seek felony drug charges. ___ Information from: The Daily Jeffersonian, http://www.daily-jeff.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Drug-related Crime Crime Men's Fashion Fashion Beauty And Fashion Lifestyle Locations Ohio United States North America Cambridge Popular One dead, one sought after fatal Ozark home invasion robbery Barbour County Sheriff on audit report: 'I'm not taking money' Two dead in Ozark wreck That snake is not your friend Migraine sufferers turn to daith piercings for relief Missing WWII Marine's remains arrive in Dothan Remains of Marine killed during WWII being returned to Ashford UPDATE: One driver still critical after Friday wreck in Eufaula Three seriously injured in North Eufaula Avenue accident Solomon, Mary Jane Mills Featured Businesses Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Currently Open Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Action Buick Gmc 211 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-8505 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Currently Open Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Currently Open McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Currently Open Contests The Miracle Worker Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 16, 2:22 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology NES Classic Now In Stock Update: Where to Find Nintendo’s Discontinued Retro Console By Christopher Groux On 04/15/17 AT 10:10 AM Close NES Classic Edition will be in stock this month for the last time in the foreseeable future. If you’re looking to get your hands on Nintendo’s discontinued retro console, we’d advise checking out these retailers. Target: Target has been regularly stocking the NES Classic Edition throughout 2017, and stores will likely continue to do so until the very end. Here’s a link to the  store locator for physical purchases. If you want to buy online, try the  NES Classic Edition page. The latter is empty at the time of writing, however. Amazon: Should you want to get an NES Classic Edition at Amazon, your best bet is to make sure you have a Prime subscription first. Recently, Prime-exclusive sales are the only way this online superstore has been able to keep demand in check. You’re especially lucky if you live in a city with Amazon Prime Now availability. If the NES Classic becomes available via Prime Now, it will be sent to your house that day. Check out Amazon’s NES Classic Edition page, and click here for more details about Prime Now. If you don’t have Prime, you can sign up for a 30-day free trial. Best Buy: Best Buy has essentially the same deal as Target. Check out the store locator for physical purchases and try the NES Classic Edition page for online ones. GameStop: The GameStop situation is fairly similar as well. Here are the store locator and NES Classic Edition page should you want it. This time we didn’t link to a specific product because GameStop tends to sell popular items in pricey bundles. If you’re willing to pay more than others, you might be able to get a genuine NES Classic here. Walmart: Walmart has the same options as most other big-box stores. Here are a store locator and the  product page. eBay: This should be a last resort, because you’ll likely be paying a pretty penny to score an NES Classic. At the time of writing, the average price is about $300 or $400. Some listings are going as high as $600. If this is the path you take, always be sure to check star ratings and sellers carefully so you don’t get scammed. Look for lots of five-star reviews. Here’s a link to the latest NES Classic Edition auctions happening right now. NES Classic Online Stock Checkers And Tools: These sites will point you to specific retailers beyond the ones we’ve listed here. NowInStock: This site tracks stock from major retailers and can alert you to any changes via text or email. [here] BrickSeek: It’s an alternative to NowInStock. It monitors stock of the NES Classic at major retailers and can send alerts as necessary. [here] Reddit: There are a few subreddits you should be watching to keep track of availability. Try the ones for GameDeals and Nintendo. Wario64 Twitter: Wario64 is easily the best Twitter account for tracking game deals and availability of hot items. A tweet will be posted seconds after the NES Classic becomes available at any major store. [here] That’s just about anything you could ever possibly need to find an NES Classic Edition online or in store. Nintendo has confirmed final shipments will be doled out this month, but retailers have yet to announce specific dates or times. Should you be able to find one, the NES Classic Edition retails for $59 and comes preloaded with 30 retro games. Will you be hunting for an NES Classic Edition this month? Are you frustrated Nintendo is discontinuing it? Tell us in the comments section! Related Stories Nintendo Switch & NES Classic Restock At Best Buy Today Nintendo Has Sold 1.5 Million NES Classic Units Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business United Fallout Blamed On Airline's Hasty Response When they had passenger David Dao forcibly removed from a flight, staff at United Airlines apparently forgot two golden rules of marketing. Technology Easter Sunday: Snapchat And Instagram Add Stickers For The Holiday Snapchat and Instagram have added stickers for the Easter holiday. World Ancient Sauropod From Utah Finally Has A Name Moabosaurus utahensis, which lived roughly 125 million years ago, was found in the vicinity of Moah — Utah's "gold mine for dinosaur bones." National Melania Trump To Move To WH In Summer The first lady remained at Trump Tower in Manhattan with son Barron when President Donald Trump was inaugurated Jan. 20. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Arrests made as protesters clash at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley Federal judge halts executions in Arkansas Protesters take to the streets in SF for anti-Trump Tax March North Korean missile launch fails News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Polls open in Turkey's historic referendum on reforms 5 things to know about US Vice President Mike Pence The Latest: Pence arrives in South Korea to start Asia trip North Korean missile explodes on launch, US and S. Korea say Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors On Jackie Robinson Day, a statue is unveiled in L.A. Burns, running backs stand out in Stanford’s spring game Warriors’ Iguodala says playoff physicality ‘works in our Sean Manaea’s bid for no-hitter disintegrates into A’s loss Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Trump innovation push overshadows Obama’s tech agencies Scorpion stings passenger on United flight California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunken Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced The latest from Dear Abby A view of life and death, ‘Truman’ is a thing of beauty No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Hall in Mid-Market to close late Sept Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly Pal’s Takeaway to celebrate ninth anniversary with guest chef Favorite dishes from Commis, China Live, Finn Town and more Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis A-frame cabin gets an A+ makeover Where to see the Bay Area's wildflowers A dried-up Calif. lake makes a comeback – and so do the species Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Reimagined Eichler south of Mitchell Park in Palo Modern masterwork in Corona Heights Homes prices in more affordable S.F. neighborhoods continue to Registered landmark Queen Anne with gorgeous period Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Jailed-Ohio-man-leads-police-to-stashed-heroin-at-11075230.php Jailed Ohio man leads police to stashed heroin at Wal-Mart Updated 7:15 am, Saturday, April 15, 2017 CAMBRIDGE, Ohio (AP) — Authorities say an inmate at an Ohio county jail led them to a packet of heroin he stashed in a pair of pants at a Wal-Mart store. The Cambridge Daily Jeffersonian reports (http://bit.ly/2ocqoHP ) a store manager called police Thursday asking for a drug detection dog to search for narcotics in the men's clothing section. The newspaper reports that the prisoner's mother had contacted the store and said her son had left drugs there. The dog couldn't find the heroin so police asked the inmate for help. He led officers to a rack of dress pants where the drugs were found. LATEST TRENDING VIDEOS: Story continues below He was then returned to Guernsey County Jail where he was being held on drug and obstruction charges. Police now are considering whether to seek felony drug charges. ___ Information from: The Daily Jeffersonian, http://www.daily-jeff.com Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS North Korean test missile explodes on launch Anguish for ex-NFLer who accidentally killed daughter DNA leads to arrest in murder of Google employee 'SNL': McCarthy’s Spicer returns in bunny costume Fire rages in Fremont auto lot, burns 35 cars Bay Area looking at a soggy Easter Sunday Traffic delays at Tunnel Road in Berkeley due to sinkhole White House reverses policy of identifying visitors At least 20 arrests in violent Berkeley clashes Protesters take to the streets in SF for anti-Trump Tax March Tax Day demonstrators in US take on Trump, his supporters Trump claims immunity as president from protesters' lawsuit Dried-up Calif. lake and its wildlife make a comeback Super swarm: Why hawks are amassing at state park What's hot at Coachella? All the fashion from the fest Photos from Coachella Music Festival 2017 Bluegrass nonprofit split over float in SF Gay Pride Parade SF requiring vendors working at City Hall to be on verified list TODAY'S TOP PICKS Mission Chinese chef's strong response to Ivanka Trump site Twitter howls over Bernie Sanders in a giant ice cream tub NASA releases new photos of Earth at night Most Popular 1 Personal doctor says Emma Morano, at 117 the world's oldest... 2 Arrests made as protesters clash at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley 3 US: North Korean test missile explodes on launch 4 Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly... 5 DNA leads to arrest in murder of jogger in Massachusetts 6 Fire rages in Fremont auto lot, burns 35 cars 7 Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player's kid killed 8 Anguish, sympathy for Heap after ex-NFL player accidentally... 9 A dried-up Calif. lake makes a comeback – and so do the... 10 The CEO of a $3.7 billion startup is allegedly firing... LATEST NEWS North Korean test missile explodes on launch Anguish for ex-NFLer who accidentally killed daughter DNA leads to arrest in murder of Google employee 'SNL': McCarthy’s Spicer returns in bunny costume Fire rages in Fremont auto lot, burns 35 cars Bay Area looking at a soggy Easter Sunday Traffic delays at Tunnel Road in Berkeley due to sinkhole White House reverses policy of identifying visitors View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Follow Up Whole Foods Could Head Higher With Jana Partners’ Help Activist hedge fund Jana Partners wants the organic grocer to improve operations and consider a sale. Either move would boost the shares. Updated April 15, 2017 2:07 a.m. ET Review | Preview | Follow Up: Pandora A new shopper has showed up at Whole Foods Market, and investors ought to cheer. Activist hedge fund Jana Partners, led by Barry Rosenstein, disclosed last Monday that it had taken an 8.8% stake... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Trump’s About-Face Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Where the Big Money Gets Its Advice Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Barron’s Top 100 Financial Advisors Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Traffic Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Calgary Flames NHL World Juniors Football All Football Calgary Stampeders CFL NFL Spruce Meadows Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf Rodeo-Chucks Soccer All Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Business All Business Energy Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Capital Ideas FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Swerve Listings Life All Life Swerve Homes All Homes New Homes Condos Rec Properties Food All Food Taste Alberta Recipes Health All Health Women Men Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel All Travel Ski & Snowboard Gift Guide Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Life Health Diet & Fitness |Featured: Flames playoff run Taliyah Marsman Amber Alert CalgaryNEXT Swerve Magazine Calgary Olympic Bid Opioid Crisis Calgary Votes 2017 | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe World NASA snapped first photos of a mysterious and worrisome crack ... Swerve 5 family friendly things to do on the Easter weekend ... Calgary Flames Eric Francis: Flames lose no faith following playoff-opening loss Food John Gilchrist: Jerusalem Shawarma uses family recipes in fast-casual restaurants Local News What you need to know for Easter weekend 5 / 5 Taking an RV back to home base an affordable way to test the lifestyle Joanne Elves, for the Calgary Herald More from Joanne Elves, for the Calgary Herald Published on: April 15, 2017 | Last Updated: April 15, 2017 4:00 AM MDT Relocating RV's during the off-season means you can pay less and explore more. Taking the long way from Vegas to Mesa included stops in Valley of Fire State Park before heading to Utah and Arizona. - Share Adjust Comment Print The last time we rented a motorhome I spent most of the time looking at the odometer. Every passing kilometre, my head said, ’35 cents. 35 cents.’ By the time we reached Kelowna more than $200 had been added to the bill and we hadn’t even tested the plumbing. Even though the motorhome offered so much convenience and fun for the family holiday, I was obsessed with the fees. But now that we don’t have to live by the summer break, other options for renting motorhomes have created a less stressful way to rent. An escape with our daughter during Reading Week was perfect. During the shoulder season, many RV rental companies need motorhomes relocated. For Cruise America, many vehicles go back to Mesa, Arizona, for refurbishment and repairs before hitting the highways for the summer season. Getting those vehicles to Mesa and back to the satellite offices is an inexpensive way for a traveller to see much of Canada and the U.S. If you don’t mind a little extra planning and shuffling of gear, the payout is pretty nice. Here’s how our trip in March from Las Vegas to Mesa, Arizona unfolded. We landed in Las Vegas with carry-on luggage and rented a car. The motorhomes don’t come with much for supplies unless you want to pay extra so we were off to Walmart. Sleeping bags for less than ten bucks, pillows for $2.50, a coffee maker for $12 and cheap plates and utensils had us rolling into the parking lot like Santa. That was far cheaper and easier then packing it from home or purchasing kits from the RV company. Before we left home, it was decided that breakfast and lunch would be consumed or created the motorhome. Supper was left off the grocery list so we could enjoy the cuisine of the places we were going. In the relocation program, the RV company gives you a generous amount of time and usually free mileage to get the motorhome from point A to point B. Las Vegas, Nevada, to Mesa, Arizona, is only five hours or 300 miles. Our job was to get the motorhome there within 6 days with 900 free miles. To top it all off, the rental was roughly $20/day. Of course, we didn’t head south. We foolishly jumped on Highway 15 during rush hour and headed toward St. George, Utah. I don’t know how many divorces are caused by poor navigation but let’s just say I’m happy we brought the GPS. That little tool took us down winding roads to Snow Canyon State Park under a moonless sky. We pulled into the dark and rather empty camp ground and parked. A phone plan with data helped too. Taking an RV tour through Nevada, Utah and Arizona during the off season offers great discounts on the rental and the opportunity to dangle your toes off the cliff at Horseshoe Bend without thousands of other tourists to cramp your style. - I’ve been tent camping all my life but now I’m spoiled. We parked, plugged in and cracked open a craft beer. No tent poles, no dragging of gear into the tent, no rocks, no weather issues and no staggering through the dark to find outhouses. Every night was luxury. Waking up to the sun beating down on the surrounding red rock canyon was surreal. We had no idea we were surrounded by such amazing geological formations. We spent two days there, hiking, biking and caving in the valley. Driving a motorhome through Zion National Park is tricky. I can’t imagine doing it during the summer. You have to pay an extra fee to have the traffic stopped at the tunnel so the motorhome can drive down the middle. I felt like royalty but that’s not what I saw in the eyes of the people waiting at the other end. We avoided camping in Prescott because it was still freezing at night at that elevation. Instead, we stopped in Page, Arizona and did the Antelope Slot Canyon tour in the morning, dangled our toes over the cliff at Horseshoe Bend at the Grand Canyon in the afternoon and pulled into Mesa in the dark. The next morning, we stopped at a Good Will shop to donate our Walmart purchase before dropping of the motorhome. A call to Uber had us at the airport. Not everyone wants to deal with the logistics of flying in, renting a car, buying gear, renting a motorhome then reversing the process at the other end. But the weather was great, there were no crowds, the campgrounds were empty and the motorhome was totally affordable. And no panicked calculating of mileage. To see if this is for you, check the motorhome rental company web pages for “One Way Deals,” or “Relocation Specials.” Fortney: Fruits and veggies are healthy, but snack shaming isn't Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Patient Diaries Sponsored bya research based pharmaceutical company Finding a new normal in the wake of a life-altering disease Psoriasis patient emerges from decades of suffering Crohn’s patient endures long journey toward stable health Medication and optimism allow rheumatoid arthritis sufferer to live a full life Therapies give Crohn’s patient the chance to enjoy a normal life After years of struggle, the chance to enjoy living within limitations Treatment brings welcome stability to psoriasis sufferer’s condition Patient reaches stable health, which leads to years of remission Suit Yourself Sponsored byINDOCHINO Whether online or brick and mortar, Indochino CEO Drew Green sees customization and personality as ... 5 Simple Steps To Take Care of Your Suit How To Choose The Right Suit Colour Grooms just want to have fun: How to add a burst of personality to your ... Latest Food Stories From marmalade to classic limoncello, citrus brightens winter days Vietnam inspires a bright and fresh post-holiday chicken salad ‘Purple power’: Vibrant, violet-hued foods are predicted to be on your plate in 2017 Make the most of in-season pomegranate with festive recipes from Yasmin Khan's Persian kitchen Sweet treats for that perfect holiday brunch Festive take on risotto creates special New Year’s Eve dish Easy sides for the big day: Get ahead of the game with Christmas sides made ... Comfort food, French-style: Endives with ham for a moment of comfort Top Health News Youth and depression: Why it's crucial to intervene early Laura Funk: A ‘Caregiver Recognition Day’ isn’t what is needed Julia Lipscombe: Mom group lets you find your own village — in the city — ... Taking an RV back to home base an affordable way to test the lifestyle Bill Brooks: Spinning support for men's health Bill Brooks: International Women's Day the perfect backdrop for the Brenda Strafford Society Five things to know about how touchscreens could be harming your baby’s brain development Town Talk: Terry Fox's Marathon of Hope recounted in Royal B.C. Museum exhibition Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. Buy, sell and trade smarter. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Passport 2017 × Share Taking an RV back to home base an affordable way to test the lifestyle Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Politics Crime National World Traffic Opinion All Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Sports All Sports Hockey Football Spruce Meadows Baseball Basketball Golf Rodeo-Chucks Soccer Curling Tennis Auto Racing Business All Business Energy Local Business Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Capital Ideas FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Technology Arts All Arts Local Arts Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Swerve Listings Life All Life Swerve Homes Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Travel Gift Guide © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests NIE Properties Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Leader-Post (Regina) Ottawa Citizen The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Pre-order Of New Neon Yellow Nintendo Switch Joy-Con Started Posted: Apr 15 2017, 3:19am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 15 2017, 3:54am CDT, in News | Technology News   Gallery 4 images   Nintendo unveiled new Joy-Con colors. Nintendo announced new Neon Yellow Switch Joy-Con controllers last week. The first retailers have started to take pre-orders for the new Switch accessories. Like with everything from Nintendo, these new controllers will sell out. Pre-ordering is recommended to be first to own these funky new controllers. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock The $79.99 Neon Yellow Joy-Con are available for pre-order right now online at GameStop.com and Walmart.com. Other stores including Best Buy and Amazon have the Yellow Joy-Con controller pair listed but do not accept pre-orders yet. The Neon Yellow Switch controllers will be released on June 16. This is the release day of the new Switch game Arms. Amazon Prime members save 20% on this new Switch game.  Nintendo Switch owners can chose between five different Joy-Con controller pairs with the introduction of the new Neon Yellow color. Nintendo also launches Joy‑Con (L) / Joy‑Con (R) AA Battery Pack on June 16. The $34.99 Joy‑Con (L) / Joy‑Con (R) AA Battery Pack is available for pre-order on GameStop online. The Joy-Con controllers are the most innovative parts of the Nintendo Switch. These compact and versatile controllers set the Switch apart from other consoles. Two Joy-Con can be used independently in each hand, or together as one game controller when attached to the Joy-Con grip. They can also attach to the main console for use in handheld mode, or be shared with friends to enjoy two-player action in supported games. Each Joy-Con has a full set of buttons and can act as a standalone controller, and each includes an accelerometer and gyro-sensor, making independent left and right motion control possible.  The Nintendo Switch console continues to be hard to find in stock. Our Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide for the Easter Weekend lists all current options to find a Switch console in stock. Shoppers who just want to get the hunt for a Switch over with can pre-order a new Nintendo Switch bundle at GameStop online with a delivery date of April 28. Gallery 4 images This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT Here Is When The Finished Tesla Model 3 Will Be Revealed 14 hours ago, 10:23am CDT Nintendo Switch Mini Is Reportedly In The Works 14 hours ago, 10:21am CDT Here Is The First ad for Samsung Galaxy S8 /S8+ 15 hours ago, 10:11am CDT Oman Mountains Hold Clues for Reversing Climate Change 10 hours ago, 2:53pm CDT iPhone 8: All You Need to Know About Apple's Anniversary iPhone 14 hours ago, 10:33am CDT In-Display Touch ID, 4mm Bezels, and Invisible front camera to feature in iPhone 8 14 hours ago, 10:29am CDT The Hottest SUVs of the 2017 New York Auto Show 15 hours ago, 10:17am CDT Huawei set to launch 3 new MateBooks 15 hours ago, 10:06am CDT Samsung DeX For Galaxy S8/S8+ Is Now On Sale 15 hours ago, 10:01am CDT New York Auto Show Hypercars 16 hours ago, 8:46am CDT How Crack on Antarctic Ice Shelf has Grown Over the Years 16 hours ago, 8:40am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now 17 hours ago, 8:10am CDT The Samsung Galaxy S8 Has Over 4 Hours More Battery Life on Korea's KT Network 17 hours ago, 7:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend Technology News How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT Here Is When The Finished Tesla Model 3 Will Be Revealed 14 hours ago, 10:23am CDT Nintendo Switch Mini Is Reportedly In The Works 14 hours ago, 10:21am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Oman Mountains Hold Clues for Reversing Climate Change 10 hours ago, 2:53pm CDT How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:26pm CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 11 hours ago, 1:25pm CDT iPhone 8: All You Need to Know About Apple's Anniversary iPhone 14 hours ago, 10:33am CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Criminal court, April 15, 2017 POLL Do you have plans with family for Easter? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. By Peter E. Bortner / Published: April 15, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     POTTSVILLE — A Ringtown man is headed to state prison after being sentenced Wednesday in Schuylkill County Court in connection with an incident that resulted in a police chase in the northern part of the county. Dean J. Zelinsky, 51, must serve 10 to 36 months in a state correctional institution for his crimes, Judge John E. Domalakes decided. Zelinsky pleaded guilty on Feb. 22 to fleeing or eluding police, terroristic threats, driving under the influence, failure to drive on roadways laned for traffic and harassment. Prosecutors withdrew charges of aggravated assault, simple assault, resisting arrest, failure to keep right and careless driving. State police at Frackville charged Zelinsky with threatening his neighbor, Richard Eroh, with a shotgun and then leading them on a chase starting at 11:20 p.m. March 31, 2016. Zelinsky was DUI during the chase on Route 339, police said. Under the terms of Domalakes’ sentence, Zelinsky also must pay costs, $325 in fines, $100 to the Substance Abuse Education Fund, $50 to the Criminal Justice Enhancement Account and $520 restitution to Lehigh Valley Hospital Network, have no contact with Eroh and perform 20 hours community service. Domalakes made the sentence effective at 9 a.m. Tuesday. Also on Wednesday, Domalakes sentenced Michael J. Cronin Jr., 49, of Montrose, to serve three to 16 months in prison, plus 12 months consecutive probation, but allowed him to spend time on house arrest with electronic monitoring rather than behind bars. Domalakes made the sentence effective on April 26. “I never want to see you committing any more crimes,” Domalakes told Cronin, who had suffered a heart attack while in prison and then a stroke after being taken for emergency treatment. Cronin had pleaded guilty on Feb. 22 to retail theft, with prosecutors withdrawing a charge of receiving stolen property. Rush Township police had charged Cronin with stealing power tools from Wal-Mart Supercenter, Hometown, on May 27, 2016. “I never go out,” Cronin testified about his current life at his sister’s house. “I sit on the porch with the dog.” In another Wednesday case, Domalakes sentenced Angela L. Kohl, 28, of West Reading, to spend 24 months on probation, pay costs, a $100 SAEF payment, a $50 CJEA payment and $113 restitution to the state police crime laboratory in Bethlehem, and submit a DNA sample to law enforcement authorities. Kohl pleaded guilty on Feb. 22 to delivery of a controlled substance, with prosecutors withdrawing charges of possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance and adulteration or misbranding of a controlled substance. Schuylkill County detectives had charged her with delivering hydrocodone on July 14, 2015. Also on Wednesday, President Judge William E. Baldwin sentenced Tory X. Shuman, 223, of Atlanta, to serve one to 12 months in prison. He made the sentence effective at 9 a.m. May 13. In a one-day trial, a jury found Shuman guilty on Feb. 6 of simple assault and recklessly endangering another person and not guilty of aggravated assault, terroristic threats and two additional counts of recklessly endangering another person. Shenandoah police had charged Shuman with committing his crimes on June 20, 2016, in the borough. In another Wednesday case, Baldwin placed Jason Gonzalez, 24, of Port Carbon, on probation for 23 months, and also sentenced him to pay costs and a $50 CJEA payment. Gonzalez had pleaded guilty on Feb. 22 to simple assault, with prosecutors withdrawing two counts of robbery and one each of conspiracy, aggravated assault, theft and theft of lost property. Minersville police had charged Gonzalez with committing the assault on Feb. 5, 2016, in the borough. In Schuylkill County Court action on Thursday, a Schuylkill Haven man went to prison after Domalakes sentenced him on an evidence-related crime. Christopher J. Fox, 26, must serve three to 18 months in prison and undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation, Domalakes ruled. Domalakes imposed the sentence after revoking Fox’s probation. Fox originally pleaded guilty on April 20, 2016, to tampering with evidence, with prosecutors withdrawing a charge of possession of drug paraphernalia. At that time, Domalakes placed Fox on probation for 12 months and also sentenced him to pay costs and $50 to the CJEA. Schuylkill Haven borough police charged Fox with tampering with evidence on Oct. 13, 2015, in the borough. Also on Thursday, Domalakes revoked the parole of David N. Benitez, 33, of McAdoo, and recommitted him to prison for almost four months at the least. Benitez admitted violating his parole by failing to report to his supervising officer, not making payments on his costs and fees and not successfully completing his drug and alcohol evaluation. He cannot reapply for parole until at least Aug. 10 and could remain behind bars until July 14, 2018, under the terms of Domalakes’ order. Benitez originally pleaded guilty on June 17, 2015, to two charges of theft, with prosecutors withdrawing three counts of forgery, two of receiving stolen property and one of access device fraud.. At that time, Domalakes sentenced him to serve 39 days to 23 months in prison and pay costs, $100 in CJEA payments, a $50 bench warrant fee and $583.03 restitution. Kline Township police charged Benitez with committing one theft on Feb. 1, 2014, in the township, while Tamaqua police charged him with committing the other theft on the same day in the borough. On Wednesday, Baldwin revoked the probation of Jeffrey D. Roberts, 23, of Orwigsburg, and sentenced him to serve six to 12 months in prison, and undergo a drug and alcohol evaluation, on a drug-related charge. Roberts originally pleaded guilty on Jan. 14, 2015, to possession of drug paraphernalia, with prosecutors withdrawing a charge of possession of a controlled substance. At that time, Baldwin placed him on probation for 11 months consecutive to his existing sentence and also ordered him to pay costs, $100 to the Substance Abuse Education Fund, a $50 CJEA payment and $113 restitution to the state police crime laboratory in Bethlehem. Pottsville police charged Roberts with possessing paraphernalia on Feb. 22, 2014, in the city. Also on Wednesday, Baldwin revoked the parole of Joanna L. O’Day, 35, of Pottsville, and recommitted her to prison. O’Day must remain in prison until July 12 before she can apply for parole again. O’Day originally pleaded guilty on June 22, 2016, to possession of drug paraphernalia and false identification to law enforcement. At that time, Baldwin sentenced her to serve 66 days to 12 months in prison and pay costs and a $100 SAEF payment. Pottsville police charged O’Day with possessing paraphernalia and falsely identifying her self on Sept. 19, 2015, in the city. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
16/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 15/04/2017 "The development of Africa will be done only by Africans," Guinea's president states Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The development of Africa will be done only by Africans" Alpha Condé Guinean President World 14/04/2017 Wikileaks slammed by CIA Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Wikileaks walks like a hostile intelligence service and talks like a hostile intelligence service" Mike Pompeo CIA Director World 14/04/2017 Hope for French suburbian kids via creative means Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I think the gap is too big between neighborhood residents and politicians." Hind Founder, Hope and Creation Sport 14/04/2017 AC Milan seek rebirth with Chinese investment Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "In France the rich live beyond our means!" Jean-Luc Mélenchon French presidential candidate World 14/04/2017 United Airlines passenger David Dao 'planning lawsuit' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What happened to my dad should never happen to any human being regardless of the circumstance" Crystal Dao Pepper Daughter of United Airlines passenger David Dao World 13/04/2017 Pope washes prisoners' feet in Holy Week ritual Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It is a gesture to recall what Jesus did" Pope Francis World 13/04/2017 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We targeted [...] tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters used to move around freely." Sean Spicer White House Press Secretary more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Japan's frugal households offer no respite for Bank of Japan, retailers Aa Aa Now Reading: Japan's frugal households offer no respite for Bank of Japan, retailers 14/04/2017 Japan's frugal households offer no respite for Bank of Japan, retailers REUTERS 14/04/2017 By Leika Kihara and Kaori Kaneko TOKYO (Reuters) – Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though he earns enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan’s economic recovery are brighter. “I do have money, but I’m frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That’s just the way it is,” he says. Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91). “I look for things here first, and if they aren’t here then I go to the supermarket,” she says, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. “My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending.” People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan’s deflationary malaise despite the improving economy. It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation. Top retailer Aeon Co <8267.T> is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores <WMT.N>, cut prices on more than 200 products from February. “It’s unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage,” Fast Retailing Co <9983.T> CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday. To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products. “It’s not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective,” said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp <8194.T>. But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan’s economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two. “It’s a new conundrum for us,” one official said. “It just shows how sticky Japan’s deflationary mindset is.” DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG Japan’s economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched his “Abenomics” package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms. A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans. Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month’s rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said. The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages. Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages. Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ’s ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households. Japan’s demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say. Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn’t changed her life. “I don’t feel like the economy is doing well,” she said, adding she is dipping into her savings because her pension isn’t enough to get by on. In the capital’s upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: “I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper.” Inefficiencies in Japan’s highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods. Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent. Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel. Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ’s survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation. Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says he eats out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive. “My salary hasn’t risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I’m not able to do that.” ($1 = 109.1600 yen) (Additional reporting by Sam Nussey, Malcolm Foster, Minami Funakoshi and Ritsuko Shimizu; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories BREAKING NEWS world news 16/04/2017 North Korea missile test fails Iran 15/04/2017 Floods in Iran kill at least 35 Russia 15/04/2017 Kremlin critic Navalny opens presidential campaign office Most viewed BREAKING NEWS world news 16/04/2017 North Korea missile test fails Syria 15/04/2017 Syrian evacuation bomb blast death toll climbs Syria 15/04/2017 Explosion hits evacuation convoy in Syria North Korea 15/04/2017 New missiles on show as North Korea vows to respond to US 'provocation' world news 15/04/2017 Romanian millionaire whose claims rocked intelligence establishment arrested... Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? world news 13/04/2017 Power grab or stability amid the turmoil? Turkey's presidential referendum... View 13/04/2017 Turkish constitutional referendum: TRexit from parliamentary democracy? Flashback: one year ago world news 16/04/2016 Japan 'quakes: forecast of heavy rain threatens to hamper rescue efforts Lebanon 16/04/2016 French President kicks off middle east tour in Lebanon Switzerland 16/04/2016 Obstacles remain ahead of resumption of Syria peace talks France 16/04/2016 "Up all Night" protest once more ends in violence in Paris no comment 16/04/2016 "You are not alone," Pope Francis tells migrants stranded in Greece Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? world news 13/04/2017 Power grab or stability amid the turmoil? Turkey's presidential referendum... View 13/04/2017 Turkish constitutional referendum: TRexit from parliamentary democracy? world news 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? world news 14/04/2017 Why won't Russia be at Eurovision 2017? world news 14/04/2017 The week in pictures ... When Donald Trump met Xi Jinping North Korea 14/04/2017 'We honour to the highest degree' DPRK and the cult of Kim world news 13/04/2017 Seville's Semana Santa Christian parades world news 11/04/2017 Shell's shady dealings with money launderer revealed in ex-spy's emails Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags Conflict in Syria Syria Natural catastrophe Military Iran Italy Customs Referendum Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
null
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Churches trade old names for new and younger members N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census St. Paul's fight against emerald ash borer leaves a trail of stumps Minnesota joins race to shore up internet privacy protections Eden Prairie company hopes to improve heart screens for teens Wild faces tough hill to climb down 2-0 to the Blues Gophers' top two QBs fare well in first spring game under Fleck Melissa McCarthy's Sean Spicer returns to 'SNL' in Easter Bunny costume Your favorite Minnesota musicians say 'Hallelujah!' for paid church gigs 3 Mpls. restaurants worth braving Nicollet Mall reconstruction next South Metro 419521233 South metro police blotter, April 16 April 15, 2017 — 10:35pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint JORDAN MARCH 17 Check welfare. Officers responded to a home on the 300 block of 1st Street W. to check the welfare of a man’s mother. The man said he received a suspicious phone call supposedly coming from “a Mexican drug cartel” about his mother and he wanted to make sure she was OK. Officers checked the woman’s home and no one was there. An officer re-contacted the reporting party and he said he learned that his mother had gone to the zoo. MARCH 19 Suspicious activity. An officer observed a man walking near Rice Street S. and 1st Street E. and he appeared to be acting erratically. After the officer spoke with the man, it was determined he was just singing along with headphones on. MARCH 22 Drugs. Officers stopped a vehicle for speeding at Broadway Street N. and 4th Street. The driver, a 20-year-old man, was arrested for two charges of felony fifth degree controlled substances, minor in possession of alcohol, possession of marijuana in a motor vehicle, allowing an open container, and speeding. A 20-year-old male passenger was cited for misdemeanor minor in possession of alcohol and misdemeanor minor consumption of alcohol. A 19-year-old male passenger was cited for misdemeanor minor possession of alcohol and misdemeanor possession of an open container of alcohol in a motor vehicle. A 20-year-old female passenger was cited with misdemeanor minor in possession of alcohol. LAKEVILLE WEEK OF MARCH 19-25 Theft. Cash and a watch were missing after contractors did some work at a home on the 16000 block of Iris Court. Warrant. A 27-year-old man was arrested on a warrant following a traffic stop at Judicial Road and 185th Street E. Drunken driving. A 23-year-old man was arrested for drunken driving following a traffic stop at Kenwood Trail and 175th Street W. Theft. A 24-year-old man was arrested for theft after he was caught stealing merchandise from Wal-Mart, 20710 Keokuk Av. This was his 16th time stealing from Wal-Mart. PRIOR LAKE MARCH 25 Drugs. A 17-year-old Prior Lake boy was cited for possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia on the 2900 block of Fox Hollow NW. SHAKOPEE MARCH 21 Driving violations. A 15-year-old Shakopee girl was arrested on Bluestem Avenue and Vierling Drive for criminal vehicular operation, obstructing the legal process and not having a driver’s license. MARCH 22 Drugs. A 17-year-old Shakopee boy was cited for possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and underage consumption of alcohol on Mystic Lake Drive and Eagle Creek Boulevard. MARCH 24 Drugs. A 41-year-old Shakopee man was arrested for possession of a controlled substance, possession of counterfeit money and for an ineligible person in possession of a firearm on the 1500 block of Harvest Lane. MARCH 25 Drugs. A 24-year-old Bloomington man was cited for possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and speeding following a traffic stop at Highway 169 and Spencer Street. MARCH 26 Obstruction. A 17-year-old Shakopee boy was arrested for obstructing the legal process, trespassing, possession of alcohol and underage alcohol consumption on the 900 block of Princeton Avenue. Burglary. A 30-year-old Shakopee man was arrested for burglary on the 500 block of 3rd Avenue.   Susan Hilliard • 612-673-7131   An arrest or citation means police suspect a crime has occurred; they are allegations and still must go before a judge. Items are selected from reports made to police departments and are not intended to provide a comprehensive picture of crime. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area There's no reason to buy '13 Reasons Why' imagery Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census Small-town Minnesota mayor resigns amid claims of hiding millions Charges: U economics professor didn't pay Minn. income taxes for 12 years Officer's stolen gun was used in Minnetonka park and ride killing North/east metro police blotter, Jan. 8 West metro police blotter, Dec. 11 West metro police blotter, Aug. 7 South metro police blotter excerpts More From Local Local April 15 I-94 crash traps traffic in Lowry Hill Tunnel in Minneapolis A crash on Interstate 94 just south of the Lowry Hill Tunnel in Minneapolis was causing a major backup of eastbound traffic late Saturday night… St. Paul April 15 Man found shot to death in St. Paul alley near State Capitol St. Paul police, who are investigating, said they do not believe the shooting was a random incident. Local April 15 U researcher wants your help counting seals in Antarctica — no parka needed The public can help by scouring satellite images for the animals. Local April 15 Churches trade old names for new and younger members Rebranding, long a strategy in the business world, is taking off in congregations hoping to attract newcomers, update their images and shed any negative perceptions of their denominations. Local April 15 Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census Minnesota's representation in the U.S. House could shrink from eight to seven in what would be the first loss in a half-century. Top Stories Churches trade old names for new and younger members Apr. 15 N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says 12:19am Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census Apr. 15 Most Read West St. Paul to buy problem property from homeowner rather than boot her • South Metro Charges: Burnsville teacher had sex with student, sent explicit messages to another • South Metro New allegations against Burnsville teacher charged with criminal sexual conduct • South Metro Minnesota police ramp up fight to keep drivers' eyes on the road • South Metro Teacher broke law by posting top test scores • South Metro World N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says NASA photos show new crack in one of largest glaciers in Greenland Nation 20 arrested in California pro and anti-Trump rallies Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Politics Minn. Legislature enters final stretch with disputes aplenty Rally demanding that Trump release tax info draws crowd to State Capitol markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild faces tough hill to climb down 2-0 to the Blues Souhan: For Wild, doubts creeping in thanks to Yeo, Blues Twins Santana's 'special' one-hitter quiets White Sox bats Twins give Dozier 'a day' to rest right knee Wolves Thibodeau praises Rubio - with a caveat Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' Celebrities Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Husband of Heart singer Ann Wilson sentenced in teen assault Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl at U.S. Bank Stadium poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Sunday, April 16, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets As government grows, K Street lobbyists get parallel boost by Luke Rosiak | Apr 14, 2015, 5:00 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The 1300 block of K Street in northwest Washington, Thursday, Jan. 30th, 2014. (Graeme Jennings/Examiner File) Source: Congressional Budget Office, OpenSecrets.org. Lobbying has grown in direct proportion to government spending, with special interest groups consistently spending almost exactly $1 million for every billion dollars in federal expenditures. The correlation suggests that while liberal politicians portray K Street lobbyists as villains ruining Washington, it may be Big Government policies that attract them, according to a Washington Examiner analysis. The money spent on lobbying rose from $1.5 billion in 1998 to a high of $3.6 billion in 2010, during President Obama's stimulus package. During that same time period, spending grew from $1.7 trillion to $3.5 trillion. Experts said that as lawmakers have created new government programs and pumped up spending on existing programs, companies and activist groups have mobilized lobbyists to figure out how to cash in on the newfound money. "To paraphrase James Carville, drag a billion dollars through a trailer park, and there's no telling who will turn out," said Bill Allison, a lobbying expert at the Sunlight Foundation. "Lobbying is an overhead expense of Big Government — a constant." Sunlight is a nonprofit that seeks more government transparency. In some ways, it's a chicken-and-egg relationship, and a competing theory is that lobbyists are causing the government to grow. To be sure, some companies lobby to increase the federal budget in areas on which they can profit. That includes defense contractors like General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, and Boeing; government consultants like Accenture; quasi-public entities like public television stations; and healthcare firms like Emergent BioSolutions and AdvaMed. But many companies would prefer lower taxes over new government spending. If their lobbyists were successful, the result should be less government spending — in order to balance out the lower taxes — rather than the increase in government outlays, as measured by the Congressional Budget Office. Lobbying on taxes are mammoth companies like Microsoft, Wal-Mart, ExxonMobil and FedEx. Those companies may boost their lobbying presence as a reaction to government growth, which they see signaling higher taxes on the horizon. Three thousand entities hired lobbyists on federal appropriations last year, while 2,000 hired lobbyists on tax issues, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Lobbyists generally don't create demand, they sense an opportunity and respond to it, Allison said. "If I didn't think government had an interest in funding me, I wouldn't be putting the effort into lobbying it." Often that interest comes in the form of well-intentioned programs crafted by liberals from which companies almost always seem to find a way to profit. Politicians created government-backed student loans, for example, out of concern for young people. But for-profit colleges now lobby heavily for them, and depend upon the revenue that results. Soda and junk food manufacturers lobby to boost the food stamp program, and green-energy companies' business models depend on legal carve-outs. Big Government spending on defense and national security has the same effect. Creation of a new cabinet-level agency, the Department of Homeland Security, after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, set off a gold rush of lobbying, as did the heightened defense spending of the subsequent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, said Tim LaPira, a political science professor at James Madison University. Government taking on an expanded role — as it has done recently with healthcare — brings out lobbyists for both sides of an issue, as well as a crop of entities who were formerly not politically active, but now see a chance to profit. "A governmental decision to become involved in an issue area sets the agenda for existing and potential organized interests," LaPira and colleagues wrote in an academic paper titled "Drawing lobbyists to Washington." "If government had no authority over or involvement in an issue-area, then there would be little point in forming an interest group to lobby," LaPira and colleagues wrote. Demian Brady of the National Taxpayers Union noted that, while lobbying parallels federal spending, it doesn't match up so smoothly with federal revenues. "New federal programs create new constituencies who then lobby not only for additional benefits but to protect what they've already been granted," he said. "The benefits to the constituents of a given program are concentrated, while the costs of those programs are diffused, so that those people with the benefits have a much greater incentive to lobby on behalf of themselves than" taxpayers do to keep costs down. Spending Accountability Luke Rosiak Lobbying Taxes Watchdog Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 4 hours ago US testing upgraded nuke bomb 6 hours ago What Fox News and conservatives can learn from Kendrick Lamar 8 hours ago Report: Trump appointees working around ethics violations 13 hours ago Tax Day inspires marches nationwide calling on Trump to release his returns 14 hours ago Sen. John McCain meets with Iranian dissidents relocated to Albania 15 hours ago Melania Trump could be moving to White House this summer 18 hours ago Roger Stone: CIA Director Mike Pompeo should resign after ripping WikiLeaks 1 day ago Trump posts $42 million in huge first quarter fundraising haul 1 day ago Scott Garrett, Trump's pick for Ex-Im president, has history of opposing the bank 1 day ago Union declares itself 'sanctuary' for immigrants 1 day ago Syria: Turkey shouldn't help in chemical attack investigation 1 day ago White House to weigh Paris climate exit next week 1 day ago Bernie Sanders gives the scoop to Ben & Jerry's employees 1 day ago Trump celebrates Passover: The Jewish people 'raised up the face of humankind' 1 day ago US deploys F-35s to Putin's doorstep amid Russia tension 1 day ago Dozens of US troops deploy to Somalia About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy BJ’s Wholesale Club up for sale and Amazon may be interested By Josh Kosman View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 14, 2017 | 10:01pm | Updated April 14, 2017 | 10:02pm Modal Trigger AP More On: mergers & acquisitions Meredith comes up short in bid for Time Inc. Buffett-backed firm interested in bid for Panera Bread: sources Krispy Kreme owners buy Panera Bread for $7.5B Merger talks break down between two major law firms BJ’s Wholesale Club is putting itself up for sale, and Amazon has expressed modest internal interest in the chain, retail resources tell The Post. BJ’s, a Northeast-regional warehouse retailer that’s owned by private equity firms, has recently scrapped ambitions for an initial public offering because of Wall Street’s growing worries over the retail sector, sources said. Instead, CVC Capital Partners and Leonard Green & Partners, the buyout firms that took BJ’s private for $2.8 billion six years ago, are pressing ahead for an outright sale that could fetch more than $4 billion, according to people close to the situation. BJ’s has been interviewing bankers so it can begin a sale process, and the company plans to distribute sales books in a few weeks, sources said. Retail-savvy buyout firms, like KKR, Bain Capital, TPG and Blackstone, are expected to take a look, insiders said. In 2011, Walmart made an unsuccessful approach to buy BJ’s, but is unlikely to make another attempt, one source speculated. Meanwhile, Amazon — which has been exploring an expansion into brick-and-mortar stores after conquering online retailing — has also recently discussed evaluating BJ’s as an acquisition target, a source close to the situation said. It is not known if the e-commerce giant is still interested or, if it is, will bid on the chain if it goes on the block. CVC and Leonard Green expect to attract between $4 billion and $4.5 billion in a sale — roughly nine times BJ’s $450 million in Ebitda, or earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortization. If successful, the private equity firms will have invested about $600 million in cash since buying BJ’s in 2011 (the rest of the buyout was funded with debt), while collecting between $2.8 billion and $3.3 billion in dividends and sale proceeds — roughly a five-fold return on their money. BJ’s, which operates 213 warehouse clubs and 130 gas stations across 15 states, generates about $250 million a year from membership fees. BJ’s and Amazon also share overlap when it comes to merchandise, as both do a big business selling groceries, electronics, home goods and auto parts. BJ’s also has a robust business in appliances and furniture — niches where Amazon is looking to expand, according to one source. Amazon, meanwhile, has been struggling to find enough warehouse space for its Amazon Fresh delivery service, and adding BJ’s could be a help, at least in the Northeast, the source said. However, the private equity firms’ cost-cutting and cash skimming has hurt BJ’s competitively, Kantar Research analyst Tim Campbell said. The chain has not done as well as it could online, hasn’t grown much beyond its Northeast base, and has had trouble retaining newer members, he said. “I think the buyout has been beneficial to the owners but not for the actual BJ’s business,” Campbell told The Post. A BJ’s spokesman said, “As a matter of policy, BJ’s Wholesale Club does not comment on rumors and speculation. As a company, we’re focused on providing outstanding value and service to our members.” Amazon did not return calls. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  mergers & acquisitions ,  private equity ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Apple enters self-driving car race Read Next Apple enters self-driving car race Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 40,340 China sends warning to North Korea not to mess with US 33,185 Former beauty queen was roughed up on United flight: suit 22,914 Why Americans have stopped moving Now On IRS ‘drains’ Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott’s bank accounts Armie Hammer’s wife cuts in when girl tries to dance with him Jay Pharoah gets emotional talking about Charlie Murphy SEE ALL Video What To Watch This Weekend, No Matter Your Mood More Stories pagesix IRS 'drains' Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott’s bank accounts Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost China sends warning to North Korea not to mess with US New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Giving yourself permission to do needed things April 14, 2017 • Editorial I’d like to write today about spring in New Mexico since the temperatures have been hovering in the 70s, and like many of you, I’m ready for the season to change. I am not one of those people who always knows the dates for every event, holiday, or season. To be honest with you, I barely keep up with my own birthday. But, thanks to the internet and a quick search, I was able to discover there are two dates for the beginning of spring. The meteorological date of March 1 is based on splitting the seasons into four equal periods and is done this way to make things easier on people when it comes to planning and forecasting. Ho[auth] wever, the astrological date for the first day of spring falls on March 20 and is based on the tilt of the Earth’s axis and the rotational tilt as it orbits the sun. Whew! That was a lot of scientific mumbo jumbo that, if quoted incorrectly, will anger any scientist who reads this column. Let me back up now and say if we look at the first date, then spring began a month and a half ago, and we are seeing its effects with this great weather we are having. But, if we look at the astrological date, then there may still be some surprises ahead. Of course, we all know this great weather is just a little trick we always get right before Easter and soon, we may have an Arctic blast come through for that one, last, bitterly cold day before we see temperatures remain in the warmer ranges. C’mon, how many times have we rushed out to Home Depot, Wal-Mart or any other store with tons of beautiful plants and flowers with dreams of the perfect garden waiting at home to be filled with color? We take our prizes home like so many greedy children whose pockets are filled with sweets and create this amazing display of beauty we believe will make it this one time. But, then here comes “Old Man Winter” with just one more trick up his sleeve and bingo. The next thing we know, all of our beautiful flowers are covered beneath a layer of icy, freezing cold snow. Please, bear with me because I know we are infinitely ready for the renewal of color and life that springs forth from flower beds, flower pots and window planters. Also, I know many of you are feeling the itch to plant, but I’m hoping everyone waits until after Easter. I promise you if you do, then you will be almost guaranteed to have a safe planting. I did throw in that disclaimer since I have in the past, been hiding Easter eggs inside because the weather was terrible outside. Spring is the time for renewal. I think we look at spring and think about what needs doing in our lives. There are many who look at themselves and realize the winter months weren’t exactly great for the figure and now they have a few months to get back into swimsuit condition. Many of us think about this briefly on New Year’s Day as we make those resolutions to change, but it can be hard to stay motivated. But, with the dawning of spring, we know there are no excuses left and time is running out if we want to make any significant changes. Spring is about starting over; planting new seeds we hope will take root and help us as we make our way through the year. I truly believe this is the season for rebirth, as well as renewal. What I mean by this is we all have the opportunity to begin again brand new and cast aside all of the old stuff that has been keeping us from being the person we want to be. Spring is the season when we can begin being better than we have been; kinder than we have been and more loving than we have been. I want to urge each one of you who reads this to do one thing. One of my oldest and dearest friends, Clarinda Nunez used to say one thing to me that I never quite understood until later on after I had some time to think about it. She would say, “Mike you have to give yourself permission to …” You can add whatever it is you need for you at the end of the sentence. Permission to grieve; permission to cry; permission to be angry; permission to forgive; permission to change. As you enjoy the season of spring this year, I hope you take a few moments to consider what it is you need to give yourself permission to do, and then do it. ——— Jose Mike Jimenez is a freelance writer and was an instructor at ENMU-R until his retirement. He can be reached at jmikejimenez@hotmail.com. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « NFL officiating chief Dean Blandino resigns City should have reopened pool » Business Review Farmers Insurance – Gina Dwyer Agency Dining Guide Zen Asian Diner Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico Catholics undertake annual Easter pilgrimage April 15, 2017 New Mexico district to cut middle-school sports to save cash April 15, 2017 US launches qualification tests for upgraded nuke bomb April 15, 2017 Santa Fe’s only cab company no longer offering rides April 15, 2017 Items from Patrick Swayze’s New Mexico ranch up for sale April 15, 2017 New Mexico Catholics undertake annual Easter pilgrimage April 14, 2017 Game over for middle-school sports in New Mexico district April 14, 2017 Energy company strikes $3 billion deal in New Mexico April 14, 2017 Navajo president seeks closure in case of slain officer April 14, 2017 Task force to review juvenile justice system in New Mexico April 13, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
⌂ Contact us Money Arts&Culture Tech Research Sports Global Media Medicine U.S. Nintendo to release mini-size switch in 2019 April 16 01:39 2017 By Blanca Blake Nintendo also reported that The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild sold 1.5 million copies in the same period of time, with 925,000 of those being of the Switch version of the game. In the U.S., it seems the Switch version of the game is somehow selling better than the system it's played on. Nintendo shares rose 2.1 percent in Tokyo on Friday after the company said Switch sold faster in its first month than any other of its video-game systems, with more than 906,000 Switch consoles shipping last month in the US, according to data from industry researcher NPD Group. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is proving just as popular. "Accordingly, we think Nintendo will launch a lighter, dedicated handheld version of the Switch, possibly to be called the Switch Mini". All that said, a software-to-hardware sales ratio over 100 percent doesn't seem to pass the smell test on first glance. The reason was that people bought a limited edition of the game to collect, and another version on the console. NPD's console sales numbers are derived from incomplete, sampled data from retailers, forcing the firm to indirectly estimate sales at big retailers like Walmart. Sales figures for other territories were not revealed at this time, but have been promised by Nintendo for later on this month. Nintendo Switch announces that it is preparing to set up an online service for its vast number of gamers. This will be an intro or launch of this console, while the actual shipping will be starting from 2019. It has been over a month since the launch of Nintendo Switch, which also outsold PS4 and Xbox One for the month of March, and now a report has emerged suggesting Nintendo will launch a Nintendo Switch mini in its fiscal year 2018. Related: 16 April 2017 Syrian air force carries out strikes against IS Saturn moon Enceladus could sustain alien life 16 April 2017 Russian Federation diplomat questions NBC journalist's 'manners' 16 April 2017 Syrians stuck around Aleppo as evacuation deal stalls - monitor, activists 16 April 2017 Is North Korea really capable of starting third world war? 16 April 2017 Blue Jays defeated against Orioles in sixth straight loss Saturn's moon 'Enceladus' harbours chemical energy for life 16 April 2017 Russia, Iran, and Syria warn of 'grave consequences' for further USA strikes 16 April 2017 Evacuees killed in Syria bus convoy blast 16 April 2017 Scorpion stings passenger on United Airlines flight 16 April 2017 Good Friday marked across the world Seeded Celtics carry expectations into playoff matchup with Bulls Comments Latest news How the world observed Good Friday While it may seem odd to commemorate the day a man died as "good", but the word "good" also means pious or holy. Also, the Easter Eve liturgy will mark the end of 47 days of fasting, which started on February 27. North Korea stages military parade on birthday of country's founder Peskov, called on "all the countries to refrain from any actions that could amount to provocative steps", Reuters reported. In a phone conversation with Trump on Wednesday, China's president, Xi Jinping, also called for restraint. North Korea rolls out missiles, weaponry at parade In addition to flowers and fireworks, celebrations on or around April 15 are often used to show off North Korea's military might. Navy fired 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield last week in response to a deadly gas attack, raising questions about U.S. Episcopal, Catholic congregations gather for Stations of the Cross The annual Living Stations of the Cross took place this afternoon at UL. For Irene Lopez, she has been with the church since she was baptized. Upstart Maple Leafs out to level series vs. Capitals There is also more recent history, such as this week when Wilson was joined by fellow worker bees Joel Edmundson of the St. Washington showed impressive resilience to handle the pressure of being down 2-0 as the favorites and come back to win. Other news Star Wars Battlefront 2 Revealed! Preorder Now Jedi, Landing In November Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) Receives Buy Rating From Jefferies & Co Analysts Xi and Trump Discuss Korean Peninsula, Syria over Phone SpaceX scores another first with rocket reuse Angie's List drops 'O'Reilly Factor' ads after initially standing by the show Kapanen scores double OT winner as Leafs beat Capitals 4-3 Was That Bill O'Reilly's Final Fox News Broadcast? Elon Musk: Tesla will unveil a semi-truck in September Contact us Copyright © 2015. All Rights reserved - AliveForFootball
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Churches trade old names for new and younger members N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census St. Paul's fight against emerald ash borer leaves a trail of stumps Minnesota joins race to shore up internet privacy protections Eden Prairie company hopes to improve heart screens for teens Wild faces tough hill to climb down 2-0 to the Blues Gophers' top two QBs fare well in first spring game under Fleck Melissa McCarthy's Sean Spicer returns to 'SNL' in Easter Bunny costume Your favorite Minnesota musicians say 'Hallelujah!' for paid church gigs 3 Mpls. restaurants worth braving Nicollet Mall reconstruction next Business 419302854 A quicker fashion cycle is having an effect on shopping By ECONOMIST April 15, 2017 — 10:29pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Style is supposedly forever. But the garments needed to conjure up eternal chic are spending less time on shop racks and in homes than ever before. Global clothing production doubled between 2000 and 2014, as apparel firms’ operations became more efficient, their production cycles became quicker and fashionistas received more for their money. From just a few collections a year, fast-fashion brands such as Zara, owned by Spain’s Inditex, now offer more than 20; Sweden’s H&M manages up to 16. Dressing to impress has an environmental cost as well as a financial one. From the pesticides poured on cotton fields to the washes in which denim is dunked, making 1 kilogram (2.2 pounds) of fabric generates 23 kilograms (50.7) of greenhouse gases on average, according to estimates by McKinsey. Because consumers keep almost every type of apparel only half as long as they did 15 years ago, these inputs quickly go to waste. The latest worry is shoppers in the developing world, who have yet to buy as many clothes as rich-world consumers but are fast catching up. Most apparel companies know that sooner or later, consumers’ awareness of this subject will rise. That is a worry. Various furors in the 1990s and afterward over the working conditions of people making goods for firms such as Nike, Wal-Mart and Primark badly damaged brands. The clothing industry cannot afford to appear so ugly again. One obvious way in which firms can answer environmental concerns is to use renewable energy to power their facilities. Beyond that, they can cut back sharply on water and chemical use; and they can develop new materials and manufacturing processes that reduce inputs. The record in this regard is mixed. H&M was the largest buyer in the world of “better cotton” last year — that is, cotton produced under conditions to eliminate the nastiest pesticides and encourage strict water management.. Nike’s Flyknit method of weaving items, including trainers, reduces waste by 60 percent in comparison with cutting and sewing. But for many firms, research and development into new materials and methods is not a priority. A handful of brands encourage customers to recycle old clothes by returning them to stores. But almost all apparel today is made of a mix of materials — very often including polyester. Separating them out is difficult and mechanical methods of recycling degrade fibers. Chemical methods are too expensive to be viable. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area There's no reason to buy '13 Reasons Why' imagery Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census Small-town Minnesota mayor resigns amid claims of hiding millions Charges: U economics professor didn't pay Minn. income taxes for 12 years When to pay for 'free' shipping Specialized processors take a bigger role in computing, profound change in chip business Brazil's coffee beans feel brunt of drought Cub Foods' defense against Hy-Vee: a bigger, better Burnsville store Late Week Heat Spike Increasingly Likely - Heat Index Near 100F Friday More From Business National 12:00am Tax Day demonstrators demand Trump release taxes Thousands of sign-waving, chanting protesters have marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns so the public can examine his business ties and determine whether he has links to foreign powers. Business April 15 Gadgets: A tool to help make the perfect barbecue THERMOWORKS SMOKE $99 A tool to help make perfect barbecue The key to good smoked barbecue is cooking it low and slow. The low refers… Business April 15 Are you financially healthy? Here is a checkup If you have trouble keeping pace with financial goals, you could benefit from reviewing key behaviors that shape smart money moves Business April 15 Ag woes drag down Tractor Supply stock Out of season: Tractor Supply fell 5.8 percent to $66.38 Wednesday after the farm equipment retailer said sales of seasonal goods fell during the first… Business April 15 A quicker fashion cycle is having an effect on shopping Style is supposedly forever. But the garments needed to conjure up eternal chic are spending less time on shop racks and in homes than ever… Top Stories Churches trade old names for new and younger members Apr. 15 N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says 12:19am Minnesota at risk of losing a congressional seat after 2020 census Apr. 15 Most Read Schafer: Twin Cities shopping centers need more than stores, as Maple Grove is finding out • Business Eden Prairie company hopes to improve heart screens for teens • Business Minnesota joins race to shore up internet privacy protections • Business Target sharpens edge through partnerships with Harry's and Bevel razor companies • Business Sun Country to name each plane after a Minnesota lake • Business World N. Korean test missile explodes on launch, U.S. military says NASA photos show new crack in one of largest glaciers in Greenland Nation 20 arrested in California pro and anti-Trump rallies Judge halts Arkansas plan to execute 8 inmates in 11 days Politics Minn. Legislature enters final stretch with disputes aplenty Rally demanding that Trump release tax info draws crowd to State Capitol markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild faces tough hill to climb down 2-0 to the Blues Souhan: For Wild, doubts creeping in thanks to Yeo, Blues Twins Santana's 'special' one-hitter quiets White Sox bats Twins give Dozier 'a day' to rest right knee Wolves Thibodeau praises Rubio - with a caveat Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' Celebrities Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Husband of Heart singer Ann Wilson sentenced in teen assault Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl at U.S. Bank Stadium poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Port operation Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Long Beach State Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Long Beach Guide Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/presstelegram Home â News â Business â Port operation 5 toughest challenges that Southern California’s ports face in months ahead The container yard at the Long Beach Container Terminal in Port of Long Beach. FILE PHOTO By Rachel Uranga, Long Beach Press Telegram Posted: 04/15/17, 4:50 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments Mario Cordero (Photo by Brittany Murray / Daily Breeze) Rough seas ahead? Mario Cordero knows that. Cordero, former chair of the Federal Maritime Commission and longtime figure in the shipping industry, was chosen Friday to run the Port of Long Beach. The cargo hub partners with the Port of Los Angeles to comprise the busiest port complex in the nation. Cordero’s experience is deep, his expertise established. So he understands quite well that he — along with his L.A. peer, Gene Seroka — has challenges to face. What’s on the horizon? Oh, only the shipping industry emerging from an international slump, a massive infrastructure project, looming labor contract talks and the tightening of already challenging environmental standards. Good luck, sir. Here are five of the most pressing scenarios awaiting the ports: 1. Regulation The California Air Resources Board is in the midst of formulating new rules that could require all docked cargo vessels to cut emissions beyond levels that are already among the toughest in the nation. Currently, 70 percent of all container and cruise ships must plug into electric power well at berth, but regulators want to see improvement by 2030. Regulators also want terminal operators to replace many of the fossil-fuel-burning cranes, tractors, yard trucks and forklifts with cleaner-fueled alternatives. Meanwhile, Gov. Jerry Brown is pushing for more zero-emission cargo trucks. And the twin ports are developing new clean-air requirements aimed at reducing greenhouse gas and smog-forming particulates. It won’t be cheap. Consulting firm Moffat & Nichol estimates the price tag for the two ports and Oakland to replace equipment with all zero- or near zero-emission technology at $23 billion. Sure, both ports have committed to the cleanup. But the question remains: Who will fund it? 2. Labor Nobody wants a repeat of the crippling labor slowdown that rocked the docks in 2014 and 2015. The standoff rippled through the nation’s economy, left businesses unable to stock shelves and stuck farmers with rotting produce on the idled docks. By some estimates, the slowdown cost the economy more than $7 billion. And it marred the ports’ image among retailers and suppliers. Delegates representing 20,000 International Longshore and Warehouse Union workers at 29 ports will meet at district headquarters in San Francisco in the coming weeks to discuss whether to extend their current five-year contract, which expires on July 1, 2019. Advertisement Last year, nearly two dozen members of Congress signed a letter urging for a speedy resolution. Industry officials are watching closely. 3. Competition The West Coast — once considered the natural route for cargo heading East — has been losing market share to hubs in the Gulf, on the Eastern seaboard and various points abroad. More than a decade ago, around half of the nation’s imported goods came through the twin ports. Now, it’s 37 percent. An expanded Panama Canal opened last year, intensifying fears that such retail giants as Wal-Mart and Home Depot could bypass Southern California’s ports. But many of the Gulf and Eastern ports aren’t ready to handle many of the bigger ships with bigger loads the shippers are now using, that could be changing. They’re sinking billions into upgrading their infrastructure. Meanwhile, there’s increased competition from Port Lázaro Cárdenas in Mexico and Prince Rupert in Canada. To keep pace, both Long Beach and Los Angeles are upgrading their terminals. A $4.5 billion infrastructure enhancement is underway in Long Beach, including an expanded, automated Middle Harbor Terminal. But long-term planning in such an uncertain industry is tough. And incurring the debt for such projects can be risky. 4. Trade policy Months ago, then-candidate Donald Trump said he would slap a 45 percent tariff on goods from China, the nation’s largest trading partner and the leading importer at the two local ports. And he vowed to label the Asian superpower a currency manipulator. But last week now-President Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his resort in Florida. Perhaps now believing that coping with volatile North Korea calls for more Pacific Rim teamwork than he’d originally wagered, Trump has visibly softened his stances. And he hasn’t been afraid to say he’s open to changing his views. Peter Navarro — the Team Trump insider with the most hard-line stand on China — appears to be taking a back seat to others with more moderate approaches. That could be a good sign for trade-dependent California. And for retailers stocking shelves with lower-priced Made-in-China electronics and fashions. And for shippers at the ports whose job depends on Asian container traffic. Port officials will surely lobby hard. But they likely won’t have much sway over the still-tough-to-predict actions of the new president. 5. Alliances The cargo business made headlines last year. The wrong kind. Hanjin Shipping melted down in public, stranding crews and ships packed with goods at ports around the globe — and revealing an industry in crisis. Operating losses of $3.5 billion plagued the world’s biggest shippers. In response, they created new alliances with competitors to cut costs and ease overcapacity. Such agreements allow shipping lines to pool their resources and use one another’s vessels to move cargo. Shippers allied in the three pacts now carry 90 percent of the goods along the Asia-North America route, giving them enormous power to shape the future of West Coast ports. Companies working together can run fewer ships — but bigger ones packed with more boxes. In the months ahead, that could put pressure on dock crews to unload and load ships faster and more efficiently. Fewer ships could also intensify competition between the Southern California ports. The strength of the new alliances, however, could be tested. The U.S. is concerned the alliances could lead to anti-competitive behavior. Last month, Reuters reported the Department of Justice served subpoenas to several executives at shipping lines as part of a price-fixing probe in the container industry. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at ruranga@scng.com or follow Rachel on Twitter: @racheluranga. Full bio and more articles by Rachel Uranga Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Long Beach Press Telegram Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © Long Beach Press Telegram Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? April 14 GOOG: 823.56 -0.76 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Honor 8 32GB $240, Huawei Watch $165, Withings Activité Smartwatch $83, more Stephen Hall - Apr. 14th 2017 9:45 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Huawei Honor 8 32GB Android Smartphone + bundled accessories $240 Huawei Watch Stainless Steel w/ Black Leather Strap $165 (Amazon all-time low) Withings Activité Steel Smartwatch for $83 shipped LG’s latest 49-inch 4K HDR Smart Ultra HDTV is $579 Apple 13-inch 256GB MacBook Air now $940 shipped Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar: $2,070 ($329 savings) Apple’s 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro + Touch Bar $1,750 (Reg. $1,999) Award-Winning PDF Expert 2 for Mac: $25 (Orig. $60) Apple iPhone SE 32GB pre-paid, no contract for $200 (Reg. $399) Apple iPhone 6 32GB off-contract for $200 at Boost Mobile Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi 32GB (cert. refurb) down to $380 shipped BeatsX Wireless In-Ear Headphones go to $130 at Amazon and Best Buy Review: Perfect Apple Watch case for Nike+ bands, 50% off deal Review: MUJJO Leather/Wool Sleeves keep your MacBook protected in style   9to5Rewards: Brydge iPad Keyboards provide serious productivity on-the-go [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Aukey’s mini drone is great for beginner pilots: $21 Fast & Furious Ultimate Blu-ray Collection $28 in today’s Gold Box CoBattery iPhone 7 charging case $59 (Orig. $79) and more smartphone accessories from $13 ESPN magazine with digital access: 2 yrs for $8 shipped + more Star Wars: The Last Jedi Official Teaser released! Watch it now! Daily Deals: SanDisk Ultra 32GB Micro USB Flash Drive $10, more J.Crew Spring must-haves for 30% off, including sale items Smartphone Accessories: Eleclover Emergency Solar Charger/Radio $18, more Games/Apps: Mario Maker 3DS $30, Skyrim SE $25, Nioh $40, iOS freebies, more Levi’s is ready for Festival Season w/ 30% off sitewide Bose unveils Revolve 360-degree Bluetooth Speaker made from solid aluminum Nvidia hosting Spring Sale for Shield devices, offering up to 66% off select games Smith & Wesson Oasis Linerlock Knife for $7 shipped Elago’s adorable W3 Apple Watch Stand is back under $10 The Howler iOS adventure-puzzler free for first time in years (Reg. $1) App Store Free App of the Week: Hyperburner iOS space racer free (Reg. $3) LVL 3D puzzler gets very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $2) WikiLinks Smart Wikipedia Reader for iOS now available free Native Instruments iOS apps from $1: Traktor DJ, iMaschine 2, more Legend of Skyfish iOS/Android action-adventure hits lowest price ever: $1 Play Star Wars Pinball 5 on iOS for free (Reg. $5) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: RIVER hopes to be your ultimate mobile power and recharge station House of Marley’s Stir It Up sustainably-crafted record player Dagadam is the Smart Watch for AI Notifications on iOS and Android DJI Phantom 4 Advanced brings updated specs, better camera Nintendo Direct Highlights: Splatoon 2, ARMS, Pikmin, new amiibo [Videos] Logitech’s new Z537 Bluetooth Speaker System promises to give your Mac booming audio The Copenhagen Wheel adds electric motor and smart features to any bicycle NBA Playgrounds drops next month for Switch, PS4, Xbox One + new trailers Walmart will begin discounting products you choose to pick up in-store Star Wars Battlefront 2 debut trailer leaks, watch it right here while you can Sony announces super thin $700 e-paper tablet Uncharted: The Lost Legacy releases in August w/ 10+ hour campaign Misfit’s Flare is a low cost fitness tracker that doesn’t skip out on functionality Under Armour SpeedForm Record Equipped shoes takes fitness to a new level Gorillaz launch new AR/VR app to host largest ever listening party The KERUO L7 smart pocket projector puts the big screen in the palm of your hands Anker takes the wraps off new slim iPhone 7 battery case with Lightning port access Teodoor offers full smart lock functionality in the ‘world’s smallest package’ Kniterate is a smart 3D printer for the aspiring tailor Ford’s smart crib will get your infant to sleep without having to take a night drive Play Elder Scrolls Online for free on PS4, Xbox One, Mac/PC Knomo’s water-resistant LiveFree bag offers wireless charging on the go MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Nest 3rd Gen. Learning Thermostat in two colors $219 shipped Tile Slim 8-Pack at Amazon is down to $130 (Reg. $180) Dell’s Color Laser All-in-One Printer w/ AirPrint is down to $130 Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services TigerVPN protects your data and more w/ a $25 Withings Activité Steel Smartwatch for $83 Best ways to use your Tax Refund Belkin 6-outlet 600J Power Strip $5 at Amazon 12-pack Fujitsu 2250mAh AA Rechargeable Batteries $24 Etekcity 5-pack Wireless Remote Control Outlets: $21.50 Tablo 2 DVR Tuner for HDTV w/ Wi-Fi for $167 (Reg. $199) Patagonia Web Specials Sale has up to 50% off Monopoly Game of Thrones Edition back down to $36 Koogeek HomeKit-enabled Wi-Fi light switch $34 SkyBell HD Wi-Fi video doorbell is down to $149 Anker 3-pack MFi PowerLine Lightning Cables $20, more best-selling 50-mile Amplified HDTV Antenna $20 Nordstrom’s Clear the Rack Event 25% off all clearance Google Express free six-month trial Black Mountain Heavy Duty Dip Station for $49 Papa Johns offers 50% Off Regular Pizzas Buy One, Get One Free Slurpees at 7-Eleven Michelin Windshield Wipers: 2 for $20 Oral-B Pro iOS-Connected Toothbrush $100 Jiffy Lube Gift Card 20% off: $60 for $48 Harman Kardon HK 3700 A/V Receiver (cert. refurb) for $145 Get Curious George Seasons 1-9 in HD for just $10 a season Create your own custom Xbox One Wireless Controller for $65 Get 25% off Nike styles at Macy’s for men, women, and kids ‘The Age of Innocence’ Kindle eBook for free w/ Audible Olala 6000mAh Power Bank w/ MFi Lightning Cable $15, more Garmin Vivofit 2 Bluetooth Fitness Wristband $40,more Petcube Play w/ 1080p video, audio & built-in laser $142 Inferno is the the $1 HD iTunes Movie Rental of the Week True Religion offers 30% off entire purchase + free shipping Staedtler Fineliner Adult Coloring Book Pens $19 + more Logitech K780 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard goes to $60 at Amazon Google Home + Philips Hue Smart Lighting Kit bundle for $266 Best Online Fashion Discounts for Students in 2017 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Share 102 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Star Charlie Hunnam Reveals There Was An Alternate Ending For Jax Teller Entertainment 2017-04-15 ‘Bad Lip Reading’ ‘The Force Awakens’ Returns To YouTube Entertainment 2017-04-15 Charlie Sheen ‘Winning’ Moments, His Net Worth And Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan Craziest Controversial Times Celebrity News, Entertainment 2017-04-14 Lisa Rinna Of ‘RHOBH’ Spends Time With Daughters Delilah And Amelia News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-16 Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] News 2017-04-15 North Korea Failed Missile Test: Missile Unveiled At Military Parade ‘Blew Up Immediately’ News 2017-04-15 5-Year-Old Boy Crushed To Death At Atlanta Rotating Restaurant Atop Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel News 2017-04-15 Authorities Identify La Encantada Mall Shooter As 60-Year-Old Fire Captain With The Tucson Fire Department Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-16 WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Basketball 2017-04-16 Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Wrestling 2017-04-15 WWE Rumors: Backstage Heat On Dean Ambrose And Renee Young With WWE Officials Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-15 What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-14 Obese Indian Baby Girl Reportedly Weighs As Much As ‘Normal’ 4-Year-Old Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-15 Microsoft Offering New Free Games Tomorrow For Xbox Live Gold Members, Spring Sale Ends Monday Science 2017-04-15 New Solar-Powered Water Harvester Creates Water From Air, Could Help Drought-Affected Areas Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Yooka-Laylee’: Dust Off Your Childhood, It’s About To Get Wild Gaming 2017-04-14 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For April 14, The Last Word Via Bundle BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Mike Cernovich Next Alt-Right Blogger To Be Punched In The Face BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Easter 2017 Quotes: All The Best Sayings, Greetings, And Bible Verses To Share On April 16 BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Melania ‘HomeSafe’ Home Visit In $1,150 Sandals Makes News, Not A Media Blackout – Trump Makes 18th Golf Trip BuzzWorthy 2017-04-15 Jack Nicholson Bizarre Movies Secret And Matthew McConaughey, Whitney Houston Craziest Drug-fuelled Moments SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Lifestyle 102 0 0 April 15, 2017 What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Cheryl P Whether you are headed out to eat on Easter Sunday, need last-minute basket goodies, or want to head to the mall to take advantage of the holiday weekend sales, here’s a look at what’s open and what’s closed on April 16, including the holiday hours for a long list of popular restaurants, retail stores, banks, and mail delivery services. Restaurants open Easter Sunday If you don’t want to cook, many chain restaurants will be open Sunday for Easter brunch, lunch buffets or a traditional sit-down dinner. And fast-food restaurants and coffee shops? We’ve got the low-down on that too just in case you’re not interested in a traditional ham or turkey dinner. We offer both… but do you prefer ham or turkey for your Easter feast? Like for ham. RT for turkey. pic.twitter.com/EBBwDYZqwQ — Boston Market (@bostonmarket) April 11, 2017 According to Time, the following restaurants will be open normal hours on April 16 with some serving a special holiday menu: Red Lobster, Cracker Barrel, Golden Corral, Boston Market, Hometown Buffet, Bob Evans, Olive Garden, Whataburger, Starbucks, Denny’s, Applebee’s, and Buffalo Wild Wings. If ham’s not your thing and you’re craving fast food from McDonald’s, Wendy’s, Taco Bell, or Burger King, some locations will be open on Easter. Many of the popular chain restaurants are independently owned so you may want to call ahead before you head out for that non-traditional Easter dinner that includes a Big Mac and fries. And keep in mind, all Chik-Fil-A restaurants are closed on Sundays year round, so you’ll have to wait until Monday to get chicken strips and an order of waffle fries. Holiday hours for Banks, UPS, FedEx, and the USPS Not everything is closed on Sunday but the Holiday Schedule reports that most banks and credit unions will be closed on Easter. Head to the ATM for cash or use your mobile app to transfer funds or pay bills if you can’t wait until your local branch opens on Monday. UPS, FedEx, and all USPS branch offices are closed on Sunday, so the same applies to the Easter holiday. However, if you are expecting a package from Amazon, the company’s online forum notes that scheduled deliveries will be made on Easter Sunday. Check your Amazon order for exact details. Retail stores open Easter Sunday Easter weekend typically means some good deals for shoppers with many retail stores offering holiday sales all weekend. Years ago, most stores would be closed on Easter Sunday but times have changed and some brick and mortar stores will be open for business on April 16. Find a full list of retail store hours below. Happy Easter weekend, everybody! pic.twitter.com/SHgbulR3rV — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) April 15, 2017 However, at least two popular stores will not be opening their doors on Sunday. Saving Advice has confirmed that all Target and Costco stores will be closed on April 16 and will re-open on Monday. And that’s not all. Several other big box retail stores and grocery stores will remain closed on the holiday including Best Buy, JC Penney, Kohl’s, Macy’s, Nordstrom, Marshall’s, TJ Maxx, Aeropostale, Belk, Sam’s Club, Publix, Dillard’s, Neiman Marcus, Michael’s Art & Crafts, JoAnn Fabrics, and HEB. However, if you forget to get the fixings for your ham dinner or need more plastic eggs, Peeps, or chocolate bunnies, most Walmart stores will be open regular business hours on Sunday. You can also score some Easter candy at most 24-hour CVS stores, Walgreens, and Rite Aid. In addition to Walmart, CVS, Rite-Aid, and Walgreens, Saving Advice has confirmed that the following stores will be open on Easter Sunday — KMart, BJs Wholesale Club, Sears, Lowe’s, Home Depot, Safeway, Kroger, 8-11, Half Price Books, DSW, Petco, Dollar Tree, and Tanger Outlets. Expect most malls to be closed on Easter Sunday as well. Considering Target, Macy’s, Nordstrom, and JCPenney are often anchor stores for most malls, smaller retail stores inside the malls are also expected to close for the holiday including Pink, Victoria’s Secret, Old Navy, American Eagle, Forever 21, Charlotte Russe, Abercrombie & Fitch, and Hollister. [Featured Image by Dan Kitwood/Getty Images] Now Read This: Watch Easter 2017 Mass From Vatican Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video As Pope Francis Delivers Mass Share 102 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cheryl P Tags: Easter, restaurants, retail stores April 15, 2017 Easter 2017: Quotes, Bible Verses, Sayings, And Poems To Share With Others April 15, 2017 2017 Easter Hours: What Hours Are Stores, Restaurants, And Banks Open This Sunday? Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE News: Maryse Nude Photo Selfie Accidentally Sent To WWE Locker Room? Nina Dobrev, Orlando Bloom Not Dating, Hooking Up [Debunked] Watch Easter 2017 Mass From Vatican Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video As Pope Francis Delivers Mass Trump Fan Sucker Punches Woman In Face, Named As White Supremacist Nathan Damigo, Report Says [Video] Terraforming Mars A Non-Starter: Need 10 Million Comets Made Of Pure Carbon Dioxide Boston Celtics Player Isaiah Thomas’ Sister Perishes Following Washington Car Crash WWE News: Real Reason Why Roman Reigns Didn’t Move To ‘SmackDown’ Revealed Young Women And The Resistance: Deja Foxx, Saffiyah Khan Make Headlines This Week [Opinion] WWE Rumors: Backstage Heat On Dean Ambrose And Renee Young With WWE Officials Selena Gomez Finally Posts First Official Photo With The Weeknd During Coachella Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories K-Dramas To Watch In April 2017 — What Korean Dramas Should You Check Out This Month? 8.1k 0 0 DramaFever Co-Producing OCN’s 1st Romcom ‘My Secret Romance’ — K-Drama To Simultaneously Air In US And Korea 5.9k 0 0 Watch April The Giraffe Live Cam: Nursing And Bonding With Boy Calf At Animal Adventure Park, Relive Birth 3.8k 0 0 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Orders Evacuation Of Capital, North Korea Readies For Nuclear War, Reports Say 4.1k 0 0 Married Couple Discover They Are Twins After Visiting An IVF Clinic 2.6k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle Calls Chris Benoit One Of The Greatest Wrestlers Of All Time 2.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Why Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Surged 25% in March Will this be the next organic grocer to be acquired? Joe Tenebruso (TMFGuardian) Apr 15, 2017 at 2:07PM Image source: Sprouts Farmers Market. What happened Shares of Sprouts Farmers Market (NASDAQ:SFM) soared 25.2% last month, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence. SFM data by YCharts. So what The organic grocery store chain's stock rocketed higher on rumors of a potential acquisition by Albertsons Cos., the industry titan controlled by Cerberus Capital Management. Bloomberg first reported the news on March 19. Interestingly, Sprouts' shares rallied sharply in the days prior to Bloomberg's report, raising questions that some investors may have had knowledge of the talks between Sprouts and Albertsons before the news broke publicly. Still, with Sprouts' stock currently trading at around $23 per share -- basically the same as where it ended March -- there could still be significantly more upside if a deal is completed. In fact, analysts have suggested that Sprouts could fetch as much as $26 a share, which would represent upside of more than 13% from today's prices. Now what Organic grocers are in many ways victims of their own success. The high demand for natural and organic foods has brought about intense competition from traditional grocers, as well as major discount retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target. This competition has pressured Sprouts' margins and dampened its growth potential. In this difficult market environment, an acquisition by a larger competitor such as Albertson's could be a blessing for Sprouts' shareholders. Such a deal would likely see Sprouts Farmers Market taken out at a premium above even today's heightened prices, and investors could then look to redeploy their capital in more promising long-term opportunities. Joe Tenebruso has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Joe Tenebruso (TMFGuardian) Joe honed his investing skills as an analyst for Stock Advisor, Fool One, Supernova, Million Dollar Portfolio, and Income Investor. He battle-tested his investment philosophy and strategies as portfolio manager of Tier 1, a market-crushing Motley Fool real-money portfolio that delivered 24.58% annualized returns during its existence. Now, Joe’s mission is to pass on what he’s learned -- and what he continues to learn -- as a contributing writer to Fool.com. Follow @Tier1Investor Article Info Apr 15, 2017 at 2:07PM Consumer Goods Stocks Sprouts Farmers Markets NASDAQ:SFM $22.69 down $0.21 (-0.92%) Read More Sprouts Farmers Market Offers an Opportunity on Shareholder Sales Why Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. Stock Fell 10% in June Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. Whole Foods Leaves Investors Hungry for a Turnaround Why Chipotle Mexican Grill, Sprouts Farmers Markets, and OraSure Technologies Jumped Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Surged 25% in March @themotleyfool #stocks $SFM
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Chris Ryall: IDW’s Star Wars Comics Will “Develop The Next Generation Of Star Wars Readers” For Marvel Posted by Jude Terror April 15, 2017 7 Comments On the livestreamed “The Star Wars Show Live Presented By Verizon” from Star Wars Celebration Orlando, IDW Editor-in-Chief Chris Ryall gave an interview about IDW’s recently announced line of Star Wars comics for young readers, headlined by Star Wars Adventures, launching in September. Ryall shared some new details on the comic, including, perhaps most importantly, their purpose. “We love what Marvel’s been doing. I’m so into those comics,” said Ryall when asked how the comics would differentiate themselves from Marvel’s Star Wars comics. “But I have an eleven year old daughter. I would love to be able to go into the store and buy a comic for me, buy a comic for her. Now she’ll be able to read Star Wars too and enjoy it. So these are gonna be high octane, high energy adventure stories. Not real steeped in the continuity. So it’s for people that are new to Star Wars, new to comic books. Our goal is basically to develop the next generation of Star Wars readers that then gravitate to the Marvel comics later on.” It’s a smart move by Disney, and IDW are the right publisher for the job. And while the IDW exec does say its purpose is at least partially to funnel readers to Marvel’s comics, it’s also hard not to wonder if this represents a lack of faith in Marvel by Disney to appeal to young readers or new readers and accomplish that task themselves, though Ryall doesn’t say anything like that himself. “We want to get comics into the hands of young kids, and not every young kid is going to comic shops,” Ryall says later in the interview when talking about IDW’s experience with licensed comics and their Micro Fun Packs, in which the company “basically shrunk comics down to trading card size and racked them in mass market alongside all the trading card games.” My Little Pony, Transformers, and TMNT are books featured in the Micro Fun Packs, alongside Marvel’s own Star Wars and Avengers comics, which come with a mini comic, stickers, and a poster inside an attractive foil pack, and are featured in stores like Walmart and Target. Ryall also shares some details on what we can expect from Star Wars Adventures. “The nice thing is it’s rotating creative teams because it’s an anthology series, so there’s gonna be a lot of opportunities for a lot of people,” Ryall said when asked about the creative teams. “This first piece [of promo artwork shown in the screencaps] is by Eric Jones. We had an image done by an artist named Chris Samnee who’s an amazing artist. An artist named Derek Charm. There’s gonna be a lot of space for a lot of great talent to play around.” “The plan is to do a lead story that features really familiar characters that people are seeing in the movies, and then backup stories hosted by Maz [Kanata] that are kind of more legends of the Star Wars universe,” Ryall continued. “And that allows us to play with lesser known characters or fan favorite characters who maybe couldn’t sustain lead stories but could be the star of backup stories.” However, Ryall did have a warning for readers, adding, “With Maz hosting it, you have to make sure that she’s a trustworthy narrator. She knows a lot about the universe. Some of the stories might be in canon. Some of them might be told for other purposes she has in mind.” Star Wars Adventures launches in September.   Eric Jones promo art   Chris Samnee promo art   Derek Charm promo art   About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jude Terror Former siterunner of TheOuthousers.com during its golden age, Jude Terror now delivers his modern take on entertainment journalism EXCLUSIVELY to the readers of Bleeding Cool, whether they like it or not. Where In the World Is Carmen Sandiego? On A Netflix Animated Series, Voiced By Jane The Virgin Star Gina Rodriguez - April 15, 2017 Deadpool Can Regenerate His “Cable,” Says Creator Rob Liefeld - April 15, 2017 After All These Years, Anakin Skywalker Actor Hayden Christensen Still Not A Fan Of Sand - April 15, 2017 Chris Ryall: IDW’s Star Wars Comics Will “Develop The Next Generation Of Star Wars Readers” For Marvel - April 15, 2017 James Gunn Reveals Even Vin Diesel Not Immune From Jumping The Gunn - April 15, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. An Interview With Denis Kitchen, Interrupted By The Thanks And Praise Of Everyone At DINK! Charlie LaGreca – From Founding Denver Comic-Con To Creating DINK! Comments New Defenders Pic Pops A Few Questions To Mind Topps Star Wars Card Trader Reveals A Sneak Peak Of The ‘Celebration Orlando’ Exclusive Set Writer’s Commentary – Anthony Del Col Talks Nancy Drew & The Hardy Boys: The Big Lie #2 Which Two Superstars Got Secretly Married This Week, Just As WWE Split Them Up? (#TotalDivas SPOILERS) CGC Insider #8 – The Effect of Staining On Comic Book Grading Batman 66 Meets The Legion Of Superheroes In July, From Mike And Lee Allred Rime 2nd Dev Diary And Screenshots Wonder Woman’s Gal Gadot And Chris Pine Vow To Dominate News Cycle Each Week With #WonderWednesday Frankensteining 26 DC Comics Solicits For July 2017 – From Dark Days To Wild Storms MotoGP 17 Is Official, So Have A Trailer comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Concealed Carry & Home Defense CCW Weekend: Defending Others With Your Gun Guns and Gear Contributor 9:16 AM 04/15/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5594943 By Sam Hoober, Alien Gear Holsters While legal concealed carry does give the armed citizen the means to defend themselves and others, intervening or otherwise being a “Good Samaritan” is a sticky wicket. On the one hand, armed citizens can be an effective first line of defense against violent criminals, murderous lunatics and terrorists. On the other hand, intervening puts you in danger that you might not otherwise have to be subjected to. It can also land you in a prison cell. Some would argue that intervening, trying to be a Good Samaritan is something you should avoid due to the inherent risks, legal and otherwise. Others would opine that if you are the only person capable of stopping a violent crime in progress or attack of some sort that you should – since not acting is practically letting it happen. That’s for each person to decide for themselves and is certainly something a person should reflect on before they put a gun in a concealed carry holster and head out the door. However, if you decide that intervening is something that you will do if you are capable of doing so, you had better be right and you had better not do so frivolously. Obviously, some situations are quite clear-cut. An armed robbery in a gas station, for instance, or take the recent case of Brandon Teel. Teel, according to Little Rock, Ark. ABC affiliate KATV, witnessed a domestic dispute unfolding when one of the two men involved pulled a knife and stabbed the other. Teel, a Lieutenant in the Air Force Reserves and licensed concealed carrier, drew his firearm and detained the perpetrator until police arrived. There are plenty of other examples to go with that one. People who act in this situation should be commended for their bravery in putting paid violent criminals and are good examples of how a good guy with a gun definitely DOES make a difference at times. But that’s when everything is clear-cut that lives were on the line. A person that is stabbing an unarmed person is unambiguous in this regard; a bank robbery is likewise unequivocal that harm would have come to others. In either instance, police and a court of law would likely have no qualms about a legally armed citizen drawing their CCW and putting paid the insidious designs of a malefactor at large. What if it isn’t? That’s when intervening will get you into serious trouble. A carry license is not a badge, and some people get the idea – consciously or subconsciously – that one could be. Those are the people who wind up as examples of what not to do. The Detroit Home Depot shooter from several years ago is a good example; a licensed carrier took a few shots at a fleeing shoplifter and was subsequently stripped of her license to carry. Luckily no one was hurt in that incident. However, that was not the case with an incident that occurred in Orange County, Fla. in February of this year. One Lonnie Leonard was carrying a pistol illegally, so he certainly can’t be counted among the ranks of law-abiding carriers, but according to Orange County ABC affiliate WFTV Leonard inserted himself into a confrontation between a loss prevention specialist at a Walmart, who was confronting an attempted shoplifter. The shoplifter, 19-year-old Arthur Adams, was attempting to steal diapers. Adams was arguing with the store detective when Leonard perceived that he might be reaching for a weapon, and shot Adams. Adams was found at a nearby gas station and was taken to hospital, but was pronounced dead on arrival. Leonard is currently facing charges of manslaughter, aggravated battery with a firearm and illegally concealing a pistol. In this instance, the shooter clearly got involved with something where there wasn’t a real and present danger and instead of walking away or just calling police, a young man is dead over diapers. Obviously shoplifting is wrong, but ultimately a shooting took place over a bag of Pampers. Again, intervening when one’s own life isn’t in immediate jeopardy is something that every person has to weigh for themselves. To some it isn’t worth the risks, to some it is…but you better be sure before you do. A license to carry is not the same as being a police officer and while a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun, it’s also true that the road to hell (or jail) is sometimes paved with good intentions. If you are tempted to intervene, but don’t see a real and immediate threat to your or someone else’s life or limb, it may be best to call authorities rather than risk getting involved. Click here to get your 1911 Pistol Shopping Guide. Click here to get The Complete Concealed Carry Training Guide Sam Hoober is Contributing Editor for AlienGearHolsters.com, a subsidiary of Hayden, ID, based Tedder Industries, where he writes about gun accessories, gun safety, open and concealed carry tips. Click here to visit aliengearholsters.com. YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: CCW, Concealed Carry, Good Samaritan laws, Self-Defense Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store Jane Fonda Is Latest of Jon Ossoff’s Celebrity Donors Holy Week With Fr. Neuhaus The Mother of Invention Podesta’s CAP Action Partners With Town Hall Project for Anti-Trump Events Liberal groups plan wave of 'resistance' during congressional recess Share Tweet Email Angry constituents shout at Rep. Joe Wilson (R., S.C.) during a town hall meeting / Getty Images BY: Joe Schoffstall Follow @JoeSchoffstall April 15, 2017 5:00 am The Center for American Progress Action Fund, the advocacy arm of an organization founded by Hillary Clinton's former campaign manager John Podesta, has partnered with a town hall protest group for upcoming anti-Trump events during the congressional recess and beyond. The Town Hall Project, a group that has served as the central hub for raucous town hall events against Republican lawmakers, announced the partnership with CAP Action to amplify their efforts. "So today I’m excited to announce a partnership between Town Hall Project and the Center for American Progress Action Fund," an email from Town Hall Project said. "With CAP Action amplifying our town hall event research, we can even better ensure that that all Americans have the tools needed to channel their organic energy to ensure their voices are heard and their elected representatives held accountable." "Let me emphasize that this is collaboration towards a common goal," the email continued. "Town Hall Project is 100% independent and will never waiver [sic] from our core values of grassroots research and citizen engagement. While we stay true to ourselves—and to supporters like you—we know the way we win is to build a big coalition of progressive groups: big and small, new and old, online and offline, all working together to fight back." The email urges readers to visit ResistanceNearMe.org, a re-launched CAP Action website run in conjunction with the Town Hall Project. "In partnership with Town Hall Project, Resistance Near Me is a hub for progressive local #resist actions, designed for you to find any public event, rally, town hall, protest, and more, near you, as well as the information you need to contact your member of Congress," the website states. "It's never been more important to raise our voices to resist Trump’s harmful agenda and the elected representatives who aren't speaking for us." Jimmy Dahman, the founder of Town Hall Project, claimed on CNN in February that previous, explosive town hall events were "all organic and happening at the grassroots level." Dahman is a former staffer for the Clinton campaign in Iowa, the Washington Free Beacon previously reported. At the time of his CNN interview, his group had already forged a partnership with MoveOn.org, a major progressive advocacy group, to encourage people to attend the town hall events. The group teamed up with Indivisible, a group that provides a "practical guide for resisting the Trump agenda" that contains information on how to organize in congressional districts. Dahman's group also uses the Action Network, a "progressive online organizing platform" that was involved with Walmart demonstrations and protests in Ferguson, Missouri. The Action Network is located at the same Washington, D.C., address as Change to Win, a labor union group, and United We Dream, the "largest immigrant youth-led organization in the nation." United We Dream has received funding from liberal billionaire George Soros and has been involved actively in protests against Trump and Republicans. The Action Network's board of directors includes Mark Fleischman, a former vice president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU); Jeffrey Dugas, who worked for Podesta's Center for American Progress and Elizabeth Warren's 2012 Senate campaign; and Brian Young, who worked for John Kerry and Howard Dean. The Town Hall Project website now acknowledges a partnership with NextGen Climate, an environmentalist super PAC founded by liberal billionaire Tom Steyer. In the email announcing the CAP partnership, the Town Hall Project took credit for "some incredible victories" with their progressive allies. The group linked to a Yahoo article on how activists organized to defeat the Republican health care reform bill. The Town Hall Project did not return a request for comment on its partnership with CAP Action. This entry was posted in Politics and tagged Center for American Progress. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Joe Schoffstall   Email Joe | Full Bio | RSS Joe Schoffstall is a staff writer for the Washington Free Beacon. Previously, he spent three years with the Media Research Center and was most recently with the Capitol City Project. He can be reached at Schoffstall@freebeacon.com. His Twitter handle is @JoeSchoffstall. Follow @JoeSchoffstall Today’s STORIES Sisters Successfully Change Iowa Youth Shooting Law as Part of Major Gun Rights Legislation The Joke Is on Us ‘Colossal’ Review ‘The Fate of the Furious’ Review CIA Director Says Syria Missile Strike a Message for Tehran USA Today Tweets Out Massively Inaccurate Chart About Power of Atomic Bomb Harvard Law Professor Suggests Without Evidence Judge’s Death Was ‘Racist Islamophobic’ Murder Noncitizen Pleads Guilty in Kansas Voter Fraud Case Arizona Democrat Said He Wants to Punch Female Colleague In Throat Over School Choice Bill Trump Revokes Obama’s Parting Gift to Planned Parenthood Huffington Post Blog Suggests Taking Away White Men’s Right to Vote America Unleashes ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS Complex in Afghanistan Washington Free Beacon About Us Masthead Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2017 All Rights Reserved | Site Map
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote hide show Reality a drag? Try some fantasy, with the Faves & Flags RPG! Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Stay or Go April 15, 2017 5:30 AM   Subscribe Got a job offer. It is perfect except for one detail and I need help figuring out if it's a deal breaker for my situation. Current Job: -Respected by those I work immediately with but pretty much invisible by higher-ups -Don't have essentials available to do my job and have had to pay out-of-pocket for things usually provided in this line of work -Want to distance myself as some of the ways things get done here aren't proper New Job: -Much more integrated into the culture -Would have all essentials provided -They really value some specific experience I have and I'm not just a body to fill a position like in current job Things that are essentially the same: -Salary -Benefits -Job duties The Issue: I don't drive due to low vision and this position would have me at 2 locations, 4 miles apart (non-negotiable). That is not itself the issue as I would be at different locations on different days. The real issue is I will have meetings (at least 1x/week) at one location on my day at another (due to the nature of my job I can't just switch my days around that time). Bus ride is 30-40 minutes between locations and I will have advanced notice on meetings but they probably won't be at a consistent time. I don't qualify for paratransit services because I can ride the regular bus route and all additional informationtransportation services are for 55+. The reason I'm so stuck is the current job is in a rough area and since I depend on the bus, I live in a low-safety area where I have 1.5 hour bus rides one-way to any shopping besides Wal-Mart while new job would be walking distance or short bus rides to shopping, various grocery stores, movies, gyms and is heavily side-walked and safer to just explore on foot. I desperately want new job but I guess I know I'm being stupid and need others to say I need to stick with current job (due to nature of job, will end up in this situation regardless if I apply elsewhere). posted by Aranquis to Travel & Transportation (16 answers total)   How much would an Uber be? Would your new employer not pay for this as you can't drive. I mean it is also additional time out of the working time for them where you could either be productive or be sat on the bus! Have you raised this and asked them? posted by koahiatamadl at 5:37 AM on April 15 [7 favorites] Definitely take the new job. If it doesn't explicitly require a driver's license, your employer should accommodate your disability. They may choose to have someone drive you, or they may reschedule things so the meetings are in your location more often. posted by metasarah at 5:54 AM on April 15 [26 favorites] Is there any reason they can't set up video conferencing between the two locations if this is such a regular thing? My job has 2 main locations and they have set up video conferencing in the 2 main conference rooms (they use Vidyo). It is set up in conference rooms, but there is also a desktop version, and people also use stuff like skype of course, and sometimes meetings are just conducted by having the off site person call in and they get put on speakerphone in the meeting room. posted by gudrun at 6:08 AM on April 15 [6 favorites] I would say take the new job and give them documentation from your doctor of your disability. By law they need to make reasonable accommodation. posted by floweredfish at 6:16 AM on April 15 [5 favorites] If it's only four miles maybe a coworker who is also attending could drive you? Uber also seems like an option. But the new job sounds like a good choice. posted by raccoon409 at 6:25 AM on April 15 [3 favorites] Is this an issue that they're aware of (they know you're low vision and don't drive) and they've explicitly said they won't make any accommodations (like skyping, carpooling with a co-worker, or paying for a car service) beyond allowing you time to take the bus? My main concern is that unless they had a very good reason (I can't think of one, but won't rule out the possibility) it could be a red flag that they won't work to be accommodating to minimize wasting your time/their money. Depending on what your job is that could be a very bad thing (e.g. this is the kind of place that will give you ambitious sales targets but won't spend a dime on marketing) or it could be more neutral. If it's more neutral and you like everything else about this job/company, take the job. It sounds like you'll have more potential room for growth. Even just not having to feel icky about how your employer does things can be a huge relief, so that alone could be worth the time on the bus. If you haven't explicitly discussed the issue with them, now would be a great time to have that talk rather than assuming they won't make accommodations. How they handle the discussion should also give you an idea if they are actually a company you'd want to work with rather than just talking a good game. posted by ghost phoneme at 6:32 AM on April 15 The new job should make reasonable accomidations for your low vision If you're really concerned about it, you could contact them now to start the process of making this accommodation. It may also give you more insight into the workplace. posted by Kalmya at 6:34 AM on April 15 [1 favorite] Take the new job. Discuss cab fare between locations. posted by gideonfrog at 6:44 AM on April 15 I've read this several times and I still don't see the problem. The only downside is that you'll have to travel 4 miles (8 round trip) once a week? And you could take the bus, or maybe another alternative you maybe haven't explored yet, like having them pay for a cab. And you're an experienced bus user. Seems fine either way! Congratulations on the job offer. The job sounds great; take it! posted by MangoNews at 6:44 AM on April 15 [8 favorites] If you can't get a ride from someone else going to the meeting, an uber or lyft or taxi would probably be $7 or so? You can find tools to estimate based on exact locations. Perhaps you could ask for a stipend to cover it. New job sounds like such a huge quality of life increase. You should take it! posted by pazazygeek at 6:57 AM on April 15 [1 favorite] due to nature of job, will end up in this situation regardless if I apply elsewhere If you don't like your current job, and this will be in an issue with any other job, then it's worth trying to work it out now. I agree with other that there are likely various options that seem like reasonable accommodations your new employer can provide. posted by lazuli at 7:09 AM on April 15 Take the new job, and after everything is worked out, ask about accommodations for the meetings. There are any number of reasonable ways to get from Site 1 to Site 2 that don't require you to drive. At my last job, I didn't own a car because it would have been insanely inconvenient and I took the subway to work. I had off-site meetings fairly regularly. I either hitched a ride with co-workers or took a cab, which the (notoriously bare-bones) company had no issues reimbursing me for. No one ever even blinked. posted by The Elusive Architeuthis at 7:51 AM on April 15 I might ask them if they would be willing to pay for a cab or Uber to transport you between the locations on days when it's needed. This does fall under an essential you need to do your job. From their perspective, I bet it probably works out better for them to reimburse you for a short cab/Uber ride once a week, rather than lose an hour of your time by requiring you to commute by bus. You are not being stupid to want to take this job, and I think you should do it! I might ask for the cab reimbursement as part of settling on salary/benefits. posted by snowmentality at 7:58 AM on April 15 How big is the potential new employer? They may even have a policy about reimbursement for required travel during the workday. I would recommend taking the job and then working out the details about how best to accommodate the travel situation in terms of cost vs. effective use of your time. What snowmentality said about the smart choice from their perspective. They don't want to lose an extra hour+ of employee time while you're dicking around back and forth on the bus. posted by drlith at 8:25 AM on April 15 Take the new job and ask for accommodation. While they may anticipate that the average person will drive, your request is easy and not particularly expensive. Four miles is a cheap taxi ride, and if they can't have you carpool, there may be an assistant who gets assigned to drive you, or they can pay for rides of some kind. Get the documentation from your provider and act like this isn't a big deal, because it isn't a big deal at all. Congratulations on the new job! posted by bile and syntax at 8:27 AM on April 15 [2 favorites] Take the job - based on your description of current vs. prospective job it sounds great on all fronts! You don't give your location but assuming it's the US, so subject to reasonable accommodation under the ADA. Other ways to frame the conversation with them: - Do they pay mileage for people who need to drive between locations as part of their duties? If so, cab/Uber fare based on your disability would be not unreasonable. - There's also the cost (to them) of your downtime while you're in transit between locations. So a $10 cab ride a couple of times a week is likely cheaper for the employer. Source: my husband is blind and has this (and a bunch of other) accommodations in place with his employer (in Canada here), and the employer has very stringent expense policies. This sounds like a great opportunity for you and IANAL - you may want to have a brief chat with a labour lawyer in your jurisdiction who could look at the job offer and advise on discussing an accommodation plan with them from the get-go (i.e., should you wait until your in the door or as part of your affer package?). If this is the only accommodation you're concerned about requesting, it's pretty straightforward. But based on up-close experience, would echo people advising taking the job and having the accommodation discussion once you're in the door. posted by mandolin conspiracy at 1:17 PM on April 15 « Older What to do in Norway   |   Deciduous hoof capsules on other ungulates? Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Lost Opportunity April 5, 2016 Getting Around Is Hard To Do March 28, 2016 How to feel more positive more often? March 23, 2016 Winter sun for a single lady November 8, 2012 Avoiding the sads while traveling alone in Asia May 19, 2011 Tags Sad Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,295 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2017 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Nintendo NES Classic Edition Discontinued, Last Shipment In April: Where To Buy One 15 April 2017, 7:51 am EDT By Vincent Lanaria Tech Times WATCH RELATED VIDEO Pokemon Go - How To Choose Your TeamNow Playing Pokemon Go - Tips And TricksNow Playing Nintendo has announced that the NES Classic Edition is about to be discontinued, and the last shipment is coming this April. On that note, here's where to buy the elusive retro console.  ( Nintendo ) Advertisement Advertisement The Nintendo NES Classic Edition has been officially discontinued, with the last shipment heading to retailers this April. Despite the existing high demand, Nintendo is about to cease production of the retro console, leaving a ton of fans disappointed. "Throughout April, NOA territories will receive the last shipments of Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition systems for this year. We encourage anyone interested in obtaining this system to check with retail outlets regarding availability. We understand that it has been difficult for many consumers to find a system, and for that we apologize. We have paid close attention to consumer feedback, and we greatly appreciate the incredible level of consumer interest and support for this product," Nintendo told IGN, adding that the NES Classic Edition wasn't planned to be a long-term product and that extra shipments were prepared because of the high demand. To begin with, it wasn't exactly easy to get ahold of due to unscrupulous hoarders, and this news more or less drives the final nail in the coffin for consumers who have been out of luck. On top of that, this is arguably a golden opportunity for scalpers to further raise the prices of their supplies since they may very well have the last remaining units, after all. That said, there's still an inkling of hope to get the NES Classic Edition, so here's a list of where to buy one: Target Target is one of the retailers to keep an eye on. At the time of this writing, the listing for the NES Classic Edition is not there, but it may pop up soon enough. To improve your chances, don't just stop online. Check out the local brick-and-mortar stores too. Amazon If money's no object, you can already buy the NES Classic Edition over at Amazon, but it's going to cost you about five times more than the $59.99 MSRP. That boils down to around $300 apiece. Walmart Once the supplies come in, you can grab the NES Classic Edition at Walmart with no huge markups involved — that is, if you're lucky. What you can do here is to click on the Get In-Stock Alert button and just be perpetually ready for the notification. eBay eBay is the go-to website for those who hoarded the NES Classic Edition with only huge profits in mind, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's out of the question. There, you can find listings that start out at $279.99, and you can even try to outbid others too. Still, the prices are way past the $59.99 MSRP. It should be mentioned that Nintendo didn't say whether the discontinuation of the NES Classic Edition applies worldwide, so for those who couldn't manage to get one this April may try their luck in nabbing the console from other markets outside the United States. As a short recap, the retro console comes with 30 preloaded classic games, including but not limited to The Legend of Zelda, Super Mario Bros., and Donkey Kong. It's also packaged with an old-school NES Classic controller to boot. Back in December 2016, Nintendo said it sold approximately 200,000 units, which shows how much the console is in demand. Are you one of the thousands (possibly an understatement) hoping to get your hands on the NES Classic Edition? If so, feel free to let us know in the comments section below. TAG Nintendo, NES Classic Edition © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Nintendo NES Classic Edition And Nintendo Switch Limited Availability Are Frustrating Gamers: How And Where Can You Buy One You Can Play With The NES Classic Edition Using Nintendo Switch Controllers: Here’s How Hackers Transform NES Classic Edition Into Ultimate Emulation Device With Games From Other Retro Consoles Nintendo Head Honcho Assures Switch Won't Repeat NES Classic Edition Supply Shortage, Addresses Backward Compatibility Concerns NES Classic Edition Hack Adds 30 More Games To The Mix: 'Mega Man,' 'Metal Gear,' And More Advertisement From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch! Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Most Popular 1 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Galaxy S5: Most Popular Samsung Smartphone In The US 2 Space Image Confirms Invisible Dark Matter Connects Galaxies In The Universe 3 Healthy Living/Wellness Just An Hour Of Running Adds 7 Hours To Your Life: Study Advertisement 4 Space Deep Space Gateway, The Problem Of Radiation, And How NASA Intends To Send Humans To Mars 5 Animals New Dinosaur Species Finally Named After Decades Of Excavation: Meet The Moabosaurus Utahensis 6 Computers AMD Vega GPU Release Date Drawing Near: Leaked Specs Suggest Radeon RX Vega Can Take On Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Advertisement 7 Internet YouTube Dark Mode: Here's How To Activate The Hidden Feature To Save Your Eyes 8 Space Astronomers Capture First Image Of Elusive Dark Matter 9 Apps/Software Google Pixel And Nexus Owners Report Fingerprint Sensor Issues After Installing Android 7.1.2 Nougat Update 10 Animals Fossil Discovered By Elk Hunter Belongs To New Species Of Plesiosaur With Shorter Neck EDITOR'S PICKS Huntington's Disease: Researcher Discover A Way To Stop Progression Of The Fatal Disease Image Confirms Invisible Dark Matter Connects Galaxies In The Universe OnePlus 5: Leaks Point To 8 GB Of RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Chip, And Dual Cameras Nintendo Switch Data Cannot Be Saved If The Console Bricks What Makes The Octopus Intelligent? Answer Could Be Cephalopod's Ability To Rewrite RNA Polycystic Ovary Syndrome May Be Caused By Hormonal Imbalance In The Brain, Not Ovaries: Study LOOK: First-Ever Photos Of Blue Origin's Space Tourism Shepard Capsule Revealed For Earth Day 2017, You May Adopt A Piece Of Earth From NASA Kodi Faces Major Crackdown In The UK As Premier League Continues Its Anti-Piracy Campaign TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Consumers believe brands aren’t honest, but have power to change the world Are brand managers less truthful than they were 20 years ago? According to a McCann Truth Central survey, 42 percent of consumers ages 18 and above believe they are. Still, the number points to a potential growing trust problems among consumers. These findings are a contrast to the findings of a recent YouGov survey that found that ads are more honest. In that survey, 61 percent of consumers said they were encountering honest ads, compared to 50 percent in 2014. The McCann study found a declining trust in politicians, as well—70 percent of respondents said they did not trust them. The study also took a look at the way liberals and conservatives view brands and U.S. institutions. For instance, NASA is the most-trusted federal organization overall, while conservatives picked the U.S. Army as their top choice and liberals chose the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. [RELATED: Attend the Corporate Communicators Conference and receive practical training for internal communications, PR and writing.] It also looked at how these parties perceived brands. Conservative consumers trust Walmart more than any other organization, but Liberals prefer Google. Put the groups together, and they agree that Amazon is the most trustworthy organization overall. Considering the current political climate, the survey offered some much-needed positivity for PR pros and marketers. It revealed that 84 percent of respondents think that brands have the power to make the world a better place. If that doesn’t scream opportunity, who knows what will? However, brand managers shouldn’t be so naïve as to think a sugary beverage can heal the country’s racial divide. (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tips for gaining outstanding press coverage Next PostNext How to stop procrastinating and start writing Search Recent Posts Sunshine Capital, Inc. (SCNP: Grey Market) | The Board of Directors of Sunshine Capital, Inc Announces conversion to a Private Company Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad 世界銀行：東アジア・大洋州地域は依然堅調な成長を維持の見込み 世界银行：东亚太平洋地区增长有望保持韧性 Дэлхийн Банк: Зүүн Ази болон Номхон далайн бүс нутгийн эдийн засгийн өсөлт хадгалагдахаар байна Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR 6 lessons ‘Ghost in the Shell’ can teach you about cybersecurity GeekWire Deals: 2TB of secure cloud storage to protect everything you’ve got This Week in Seattle: Mayor fights abuse allegations, City Council recovers $3M in unpaid fees for affordable housing, and more Report: Uber claims revenue growth exceeds losses after burning through billions in 2016 Startup Spotlight: Swym wants to help e-commerce companies better compete with Amazon M3 Biotechnology gets another $1.4M in funding, prepares to start clinical trials of leading drug candidate SpaceX schedules Hyperloop II contest in August, and UW’s team is in the race Five-year Qualcomm Tricorder XPRIZE competition awards $2.5M first place prize to Final Frontier Medical Devices Geek of the Week: Museum of Flight’s Matt Hayes has hand in the history and eye on future of aviation Seattle startup TurboPatent raises $1.4M to expand patent automation capabilities And so it begins: First trailer for ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ turns to the dark side Washington state passes bill to prevent sale of biometric data without consent A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections Fashwire raises cash for fashion app that gives designers real-time consumer feedback T-Mobile spends $8B on low-band spectrum to strengthen LTE network across the U.S. GeekWire Deals: 50% off Bluetooth headphones with premium sound quality and all-day comfort GeekWire podcast special: Behind the curtain of the GeekWire Awards Vote for Innovation of the Year: Groundbreaking tech for driverless cars, VR, data centers and more Hubble spots more signs of Europa’s watery plumes, lifting hopes for habitability Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Vote for CEO of the Year: These top tech execs are driving change through creative leadership ‘Most important computer in history’: Steve Jobs machine part of Apple exhibit at Paul Allen museum Former Redfin employees aim to simplify the mortgage process with new startup: Approved GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year Amazon opens up Alexa’s microphone and voice processing technology to hardware makers This was Amazon’s highest-earning employee in 2016 — and it wasn’t Jeff Bezos GeekWire Awards: Vote for Young Entrepreneur of the Year and check out what these finalists have accomplished by 30 Seattle votes to upzone South Lake Union and downtown (again) Hit reply to get paid: Microsoft vets take on LinkedIn with novel ‘Nextio’ messaging service Pluto VR raises $13.9M to build out virtual reality communication platform Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Why this East Coast electric bike retailer relocated to Seattle for its clicks-to-bricks operation Ex-Amazon manager’s new startup mixes smart home tech with modular construction to make housing more affordable Microsoft debuts new Surface Studio apps as it prepares to roll out big Windows 10 update Trending: A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud Microsoft would shift 80% of its HQ power to renewable sources under new deal with Puget Sound Energy by Monica Nickelsburg on April 13, 2017 at 4:13 pmApril 13, 2017 at 5:13 pm Comments   Share  133 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Microsoft and Puget Sound Energy (PSE) have struck a deal that would allow the Redmond, Wash. software giant to shift 80 percent of its energy use on campus to renewable sources purchased wholesale from other providers. Microsoft sought the settlement agreement because PSE wasn’t able to provide enough renewable energy to meet the company’s sustainability goals. Under the agreement, Microsoft would still pay PSE to deliver the wholesale electricity purchased from other sources, the Seattle Times reported. If approved, Microsoft would also pay a $23.6 million fee “that PSE would return to its customers,” according to a press release from UTC. The deal will be reviewed by Washington’s Utilities and Transportation Commission (UTC) in the coming weeks. “This proposed contract is going to be good for our business,” Irene Plenefisch, Microsoft’s government affairs director, told GeekWire. “It’s going to help us achieve our sustainability goals more effectively and efficiently … We’re increasing and maintaining our investment in programs for conservation and low-income ratepayers and we think it’s good for the environment because of the commitments we’re making around renewable and carbon-free resources.” It’s important to note that the deal only covers power consumed by Microsoft’s offices at its Redmond campus. It doesn’t apply to the energy-hungry data centers that power the company’s cloud computing operations. But Microsoft has also pledged to move half of the power its data centers use to renewable sources by next year. If the settlement deal is approved, Microsoft will continue giving money to PSE’s low-income energy program and contribute additional funds for energy efficiency and renewable energy programs for low-income residents, according to UTC. The Kroger Company, Sam’s West and Walmart, The Energy Project, The Northwest & Intermountain Power Producers Coalition, The Industrial Customers of Northwest Utilities, and the NW Energy Coalition also signed the agreement. “I can’t speak for other companies, but I think our agreement sets a really good model for anyone following in the sense that it sets high targets for renewable energies and a high standard for taking care of other ratepayers,” said Plenefisch. If approved, the deal would provide a new avenue for businesses in Washington that want to shift to more renewable power sources or take more ownership of their energy consumption. Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments Share  133 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email Previous StoryConsumer PC market’s struggles show challenge for Microsoft’s Windows 10 Creators Update Next StoryElon Musk keeps on truckin’: Tesla to unveil Semi in September, pickup by 2019 Filed Under: Microsoft GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories This Week in Seattle: Mayor fights abuse allegations, City Council recovers $3M in unpaid fees for affordable housing, and more Carbon-free cloud: Microsoft sets ambitious goals for renewable energy Greening the cloud: How Amazon, Microsoft and Google are pursuing the goal of renewable power Google to achieve 100% renewable power next year, relying mostly on the wind Previous StoryConsumer PC market’s struggles show challenge for Microsoft’s Windows 10 Creators Update Next StoryElon Musk keeps on truckin’: Tesla to unveil Semi in September, pickup by 2019 Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: 2TB of secure cloud storage to protect everything you’ve got GeekWire Deals: 50% off Bluetooth headphones with premium sound quality and all-day comfort Most Popular on GeekWire Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Android Software Development EngineerBig Fish Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp Senior Engineer – Distributed SystemsContext Relevant A Word From Our Sponsors Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 UW Bothell’s Digital Future Lab takes diversity to the next level Level up here. Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Sunday , 16 April 2017 Contact Us Advertise With Us INFORMATION NIGERIA Nigeria's No.1 Information Portal Home Trending Metro Entertainment Lifestyle Food and Health Sports Odd News Education Jobs Breaking News PUBLIC NOTICE Senate members upset with Osinbajo comment over Ibrahim Magu Malabu oil scandal: House of Rep member disagrees with inviting Goodluck Jonathan Ekweremadu urges Nigerians to be forgiving NEMA confirms death of 2 persons Rotimi Amaechi denies ownership of $43m discovered by the EFCC in Lagos Nigerian based family in the US sentenced to 252 months imprisonment Tomato seller claims N250 million discovered by EFCC Dogs hunt human part seller in Anambra State Kebbi: 136 persons missing from Boat wreck The Most Complicated Word In English Language Is Only Three-Letters Long Olayinka April 15, 2017 Imagine you’re a dictionary editor. For eight hours a day, five days a week, every week until the heat death of the universe or the day human beings stop speaking English (whichever comes first), it’s your job to ensure that your trusted reference book keeps pace with the relentlessly evolving definitions of our ceaselessly expanding English language. “No sweat,” you think, picking up two boxes of citations for words beginning with the letter R. “Where do I start?” That’s when you realize these boxes of citations, hundreds of scraps of paper showing each word in every possible context, are all for a single word. A three-letter word—the most complicated, multifaceted word in the English language. You might think it’s absurd (and maybe it is), but Oxford English Dictionary editors recently revealed that “run” has indeed become the single word with the most potential meanings in all of English, boasting no fewer than 645 different usage cases for the verb form alone. The copious definitions of “run” featured in the OED’s upcoming third edition begin with the obvious, “to go with quick steps on alternate feet,” then proceed to run on for 75 columns of type. This entry, in all its girth, took one professional lexicographer nine months of research to complete. How could three little letters be responsible for so much meaning? Context is everything. Think about it: When you run a fever, for example, those three letters have a very different meaning than when you run a bath to treat it, or when your bathwater subsequently runs over and drenches your cotton bath runner, forcing you to run out to the store and buy a new one. There, you run up a bill of $85 because besides a rug and some cold medicine, you also need some thread to fix the run in your stockings and some tissue for your runny nose and a carton of milk because you’ve run through your supply at home, and all this makes dread run through your soul because your value-club membership runs out at the end of the month and you’ve already run over your budget on last week’s grocery run when you ran over a nail in the parking lot and now your car won’t even run properly because whatever idiot runs that Walmart apparently lets his custodial staff run amok and you know you’re letting your inner monologue run on and on but, God—you’d do things differently if you ran the world. Maybe you should run for office. It bears mentioning that “run” didn’t always have the run of the dictionary. When the OED’s first edition came out in 1928 (after 70 years of editorial research), the longest entry belonged to another three-letter juggernaut: “set.” Even today, the print edition of the OED contains some 200 meanings, beginning with “put, lay, or stand (something) in a specified place or position,” and continuing on for about 32 pages. So what happened? Why is “run” suddenly the Swiss Army Knife of verbs? British author Simon Winchester fancies it “a feature of our more energetic and frantic times,” making words like “set” seem almost stodgy and passive by comparison. ‘Run’ appears to have earned some major lift during the boom of the Industrial Revolution, when all manner of mechanized innovation adopted it as their verb of choice. “Machines run, clocks run, computers run—there are all of those [meanings] which began in the middle of the 19th century,” Winchester says. So, ready to run through the whole list of definitions? Alas, to read all 645 meanings you’ll have to wait for the next edition of the Oxford English Dictionary. The print run is expected in 2037. Recommended for you Why Marvis makes me scared of going to Port Harcourt–Efe Facts About cli**ris You Probably Didn’t Know About See Denrele without makeup and fans’ reactions #Bbnaija: Bisola Forgives Thin tall tony As They Hug Each Other On Stage (Watch Video) Model acquires biggest bosoms in Europe, changes skin colour Source: Reader’s Digest Ad ==> A Former One Minute Man Who Now Last 30mins In Bed Reveals The Secret Of His New Strength Ad ==> 3 fruits you need to eat at least once a day but you neglect, they will help improve your performance in bed Place your ad here Loading... Get Our Top Stories Everyday, Enter Your Email Address: Share tweet Tags Culture grooming word power Previous You Are Happiest In Life At These 2 Ages, Science Says Next FG Says Poor Funding, Lack Of Political Will Frustrated Servicom’s Dreams Related Articles Try These 5 New Ways To Touch Her v**ina Tonight April 15, 2017 Guys Educate Yourself: 5 Things You Should Know About Your Bae’s v**ina April 15, 2017 For Guys: Follow These 3 Rules To Have Multiple Orgasms April 15, 2017 Check Also Facts About cli**ris You Probably Didn’t Know About It may be bigger than man-hood While anatomists debate this point, an Australian study in the … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Yes, add me to your mailing list. Recommended for you Why Marvis makes me scared of going to Port Harcourt–Efe Facts About cli**ris You Probably Didn’t Know About See Denrele without makeup and fans’ reactions #Bbnaija: Bisola Forgives Thin tall tony As They Hug Each Other On Stage (Watch Video) Model acquires biggest bosoms in Europe, changes skin colour Notice: Undefined index: enable_manual_switch in /home2/informng/public_html/wp-content/plugins/mobile-smart/mobile-smart.php on line 946
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Astro Bob blog: Distant, Dim ‘DeeDee’ Beckons From Beyond  To death and back: Iron River woman tells of comforting, warm light Family recalls Amsoil founder's tenacity Embarrass Township home destroyed by fire Crookston man finds pickup vandalized with anti-atheistic messages telling him to leave town More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Pawn America files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Delta may now offer up to $9,950 to passengers willing to give up seats Biz Buzz Business Snapshot: Wild Birds Unlimited Could Apple buy Disney? Wall Street revives rumor of potential mega-deal More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Gimenez set his sights high Bjorklund record now Meb's Hermantown's Harry Cottrell continues to run fast at 70, and he has the records to prove it Hermantown's Harry Cottrell continues to run fast at 70, and he has the records to prove it Bjorklund record now Meb's More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Ask a Master Gardener: Avoid reusing old soil for seedlings Spring Gardening Extravaganza offers two sessions on eco-friendly, edible landscapes Gardens overlook Lake of the Isles Alec Baldwin reflects on life, career in 'Nevertheless' Make a new house feel like home More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Robert & Janice McDonald Anniversary Open House 100 CANDLES Lincoln Stauber Happy 95th Birthday, Irmgard Becker! "Thank you" from the Welsands More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines John Alfred Mapstone IV Dawn M. Johnson Kathryne A. Lind Donald L. Schelinder Karen Jean Munch More Topics memorials opinion Headlines National view: Why does PR maestro Trump tolerate Spicer? National view: Trump’s team failing to execute his vision — whatever it may be National view: For Trump, it’s the Great Reversal — for now Native view: Respect the Earth when making pipeline, other decisions that affect the environment National view: So, America First or not? Either way, Trump can learn the power of an apology More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines Outdoors calendar Shoring up a stream: Angling group spearheads project to benefit Knife River steelhead Field Reports: Young turkey hunters find success MN DNR Weekly Report for April 10, 2017 Field Reports: Retriever Club offers training classes More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Ask a Trooper: Motorcycle safety Pets of the Week YourSports Esko and Duluth East robotics to take on the world Rec Sports More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Pawn America files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection By Dee DePass, Minneapolis Star Tribune on Apr 14, 2017 at 10:53 p.m. Pawn America store on Central Entrance in Duluth. (2013 file / News Tribune) Burnsville-based Pawn America Minnesota filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection this week, succumbing to surging competition from online competitors and other factors shaking up the retail sector. The company — which operates 23 pawnshops in Minnesota, Wisconsin and the Dakotas, including one in Duluth — reported on Wednesday that it owes between $10 million and $50 million to fewer than 1,000 creditors. Pawn America President and founder Brad Rixmann, in a message to employees, said he plans to reorganize and emerge from bankruptcy stronger. "I remain as excited today about the future as I did 25 years ago when we opened our first store," he said. "This is not a shutdown. This is not a liquidation. It's just a reorganization. Pawn America stores remain open for business, serving customers and will continue to operate in the ordinary course of business." The retail chain does not yet have a restructuring plan in place, so it has no details on what stores might close or if staff will be cut, the company said. The company and its affiliated businesses, which started with a single store in Robbinsdale in 1991, now have about 450 employees who buy and sell used jewelry, electronics, computers, household items, sporting goods and other merchandise. The company closed its St. Paul store on Suburban Avenue two months ago and has cut its staff by 50 workers through a mix of attrition and downsizing, officials said. The downsizing is in strict contrast to Pawn America's rocket-like growth during its first 25 years in business. Employment rose from about 100 employees in 2008 to 350 three years later. It eventually hit the 500-employee mark. The bankruptcy filing is driven by the challenges seen across the entire brick-and-mortar retail industry, said Pawn America spokesman Mike Erlandson. Bankruptcy "is not a course any business wants to pursue," he said. "But if you just look at the retail sector in general, the closing of Macy's, Sears and J.C. Penney stores and the heightened competition of Wal-Mart and Target, [Pawn America's experience] is not unlike what you are seeing across all of retail." Buying trends are shifting and there are differences between the shopping habits of baby boomers vs. millennials, Erlandson said. Pawn America's online business is doing very well, while some of its traditional stores are not. Rixmann spent much of Wednesday and Thursday reaching out to store managers, staff and vendors and said he has been encouraged by their support. "This is an unfortunate circumstance," Rixmann said. "We are committed to confronting this challenge and to building a stronger Pawn America for our customers, employees and other stakeholders. While we will have to make tough decisions going forward, Pawn America will emerge stronger and better able to compete in the marketplace." During its restructuring Pawn America has hired Stinson Leonard Street to be its legal adviser. Alliance Management will act as restructuring adviser. Additional Articles Recommended by Duluth News Tribune Duluth man sentenced to 6½ years in Craigslist robbery Dayton, legislative leaders say they can't agree to terms for special session Police find kidnapped woman inside Minnesota motel room Additional Articles Recommended by Duluth News Tribune Duluth man sentenced to 6½ years in Craigslist robbery Dayton, legislative leaders say they can't agree to terms for special session Police find kidnapped woman inside Minnesota motel room Explore related topics:BusinessBusinessminnesota Advertisement Latest Outdoors calendar14 min ago Gimenez set his sights high2 hours ago Bjorklund record now Meb's2 hours ago Hermantown's Harry Cottrell continues to run fast at 70, and he has the records to prove it2 hours ago National view: Why does PR maestro Trump tolerate Spicer?2 hours ago National view: Trump’s team failing to execute his vision — whatever it may be2 hours ago National view: For Trump, it’s the Great Reversal — for now2 hours ago Native view: Respect the Earth when making pipeline, other decisions that affect the environment2 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 67° 67° Low 60° High 81° Sun 64° 73° Mon 52° 67° Tue 49° 72° See complete forecast WATCH LIVE: April the Giraffe gives birth Two thieves arrested for targeting and stealing from senior citizens Posted 11:05 pm, April 14, 2017, by Lindsey Eaton Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Please enable Javascript to watch this video MUNCIE, Ind.- Police have arrested two people for targeting and robbing senior citizens. 26-year-old LaRon Dorsey and 20-year-old Alyzabeth Jones are each facing nearly 20 fraud and robbery charges. In the past eight days, Muncie Police have received at least three purse snatching robberies reports. One victim is a 93-year-old woman named Martha who told detectives she was sitting in her car, parked in her driveway, when a man attacked her. “(I’ve) never been so frightened in my life,” explains Martha, robbery victim. Martha said the robber threw himself on top of her, pushed her head to the side and took off with her purse. “You think you’re safe and you’re not,” explains Martha. Detectives believe the thieves followed Martha as she left a nearby drug store. The other two purse snatching robberies happened at the Muncie Mall. “It infuriates me that people have to pick on the elderly, somebody that can’t defend themselves. (They think) that they’re an easy mark and people take advantage all the time of them,” explains Jane Russell, one of the victim’s neighbors. Detectives tracked $2,000 in fraudulent purchases on Martha’s stolen credit cards. They were able to figure out minutes after a robbery, the thieves were out using the stolen credit cards.  Police provided a surveillance picture from Wal-Mart, which they believe shows Jones and Dorsey shopping. “If they need money they need to get a job not pick on the elderly,” explains Russell. The most recent robbery happened Friday afternoon.  A woman reported her purse was ripped right off her arm in the Muncie Mall parking lot.  Minutes later and not too far away, detectives closed in on a car at a gas station that matched her description and previous surveillance video images. According to court documents, Jones, Dorsey and a stack of credit card tracing back to their victims were found inside the vehicle. “I hope you have a very long prison life,” explains Martha, robbery victim. Detectives are confident Jones and Dorsey are tied to more victims.  If you know anything that could help in this case, call the Muncie Police Department. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular April the giraffe gives birth to calf before 1.2 million online Assessing Colts’ needs in NFL draft: Offensive line Colts acquire nose tackle Johnathan Hankins on three-year deal U.S. drops 21,000 pound bomb on ISIS complexes in Afghanistan Latest News Last surviving person born in 1800s dies at age 117 IU dental students building better smiles and asking for help to further their work Arrest made in robbery, shots fired, car into pond Motorcyclist killed in crash with truck News Muncie man facing animal cruelty charges for shooting, burning mother’s pets Crime News Police: IMPD arrests 3 men for series of shootings and robberies targeting Hispanic men News Muncie teens charged in violent robbery sparks community leaders to encourage teens to get jobs Crime News Men arrested on obstruction charges in connection with fatal shooting in Muncie Crime News Police: Suspects use toy handgun to rob Subway restaurant in Bloomington News Henry County couple arrested for beating, holding teenager captive Crime News Police: Borrowed car leads police to suspect in liquor store thefts, tobacco store robbery News Muncie dispatchers overwhelmed by weekend overdose spike Crime News Authorities: Muncie mother arrested after overdose, 7-year-old son attempted to revive her Crime News Muncie man arrested in fatal shooting last month News Arrest made in connection with woman’s murder on near east side Crime News Authorities believe woman planned robbery that led to death of Bloomington man News Student out thousands of dollars after Care.com scam Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   04/14/2017 07:12:50 PM MDT Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law.March 26 Karen Lenzen, 36, of Log Lane was arrested for fraud in the 1300 block of Barlow Road. Released on a summons to appear. March 27 Officers investigated a case of first degree criminal trespass, theft and unlawful use of a financial device in the 1600 block of Main Street. Case open. March 29 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Platte and Barlow. Facundo Altemirano-Garcia, 37, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Main. Farhiya Kalid, 27, of Fort Morgan was charged with passing on the right when not safe. March 30 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident in the 600 block of Sherman. McKenzie Rodriquez, 20, of Log Lane Village was charged with following too closely. April 1 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Main and Bijou. Ridwan Hassan, 21, of Fort Morgan was charged with failure to yield right of way upon entering highway. April 4 A Fort Morgan juvenile was arrested for underage possession of tobacco and released on a summons to appear. Advertisement Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Maple. Adrian Munoz, 28, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. April 6 Officers investigated a credit card fraud case in the Fort Morgan area. Patrick Hobbs, 31, of Fort Morgan was arrested for first degree introduction of contraband, possession of a Schedule II substance and harassment in the 700 block of Euclid. No bond. Donald Tow, 29, of Fort Morgan was issued a released on a summons to appear for harassment in the 500 block of west 7th Ave. Antonio Segura, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $1,000 bond. Alyssa Cook, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $4,000 bond. Shannadon Fearnot, 19, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $500 bond. April 7 Melissa Schrum, 33, of Log Lane Village was released on a summons to appear for trespassing at Walmart. April 8 Juan Camacho, 33, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault, domestic violence, theft, criminal mischief, violation of a protection order and violation of bail bond conditions in the 100 block of Lowell Place. No bond. Shawn Miller, 39, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault and domestic violence in the 100 block of East Gateway. No bond. A Fort Morgan juvenile was arrested for underage possession of marijuana and released on a summons to appear. April 9 Estrella Gomez, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested for violation of a protection order, criminal mischief, obstructing police and violation of bail bond conditions in the 600 block of West Platte. No bond. Brooklin Bruning, 20, of Brush was arrested for shoplifting miscellaneous merchandise valued at $28.90 at Walmart. Released on a summons to appear. Arnulfo Camacho, 36, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant in the 400 block of Park Street. $20,000 bond. April 10 Jose Rodriquez-Gamboa, 38, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting $141.64 worth of tools, food and clothing from Walmart. Jeremy Harris, 30, of Fort Morgan was arrested for felony menacing and criminal mischief in the 800 block of Platte. No bond. Also arrested was Richard Perez, 26, who was charged with possession of a Schedule II substance, harassment and domestic violence. No bond. Mohamed Said, 30, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for criminal mischief after damaging a lock on a mail box at the post office. April 11 Amber Covey, 33, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault and domestic violence. No bond. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Fort Morgan Police Department Morgan County Sheriff's Office Hope Vogel gets 4 years community corrections   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0675 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.1%  Dollar 1.0055 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%  SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0675 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.1%  Dollar 1.0055 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal 15.04.2017 00:30:00 Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog Tweet A A Teilen Drucken ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of "Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!" shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster's Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked HummusServe with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients (2) 7 oz. containers of plain prepared hummus 1 ¼ cup crumbled feta cheese 2/3 cup chopped Kalamata olives 2/3 cup chopped fresh tomato 2 Tbsp olive oil Directions Spread hummus evenly into an 8×8 inch square baking dish. Sprinkle with feta cheese, being sure to evenly cover the surface. In a separate bowl, gently toss the tomatoes and olives together until blended well. Layer the olive and tomato mixture on top of the feta cheese. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake at 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients 1 can LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino 1/2 cup blackberries 1 tbsp lemon juice 1 tbsp honey cucumber for garnish Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can't be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese's Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celebrating-easter-and-spring-with-diy-expert-lynn-lilly-on-tips-on-tv-blog-300439950.html SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 13.04.17 Vontobel: Coupons im «Doppelpack» 13.04.17 SMI weiterhin sehr stabil 12.04.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 06.04.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Schweizer Blue-Chips. 28.03.17 ideas Magazin - Luxus: Elegantes Shopping ist wieder en vogue mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 13.04.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Prognose: Schwellenländer-Aktien mit hohen Erträgen 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Bargeldloses Zahlen: Die richtige Karte ziehen Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Tesla-Aktie legt deutlich zu: Tencent steigt mit fünf Prozent ein RWE will Dividende aus laufendem Geschäft zahlen Zucker: Süßes Überangebot Russland: Putin unter Druck Credit Suisse-Geschäftsleitung verzichtet auf Teil der variablen Vergütung Fahrdienstvermittler Uber mit Milliardenverlust im vergangenen Jahr Eurokurs gibt Vortagesgewinne wieder ab - Zum Franken leicht tiefer DGAP-Gesamtstimmrechte: EVOTEC AG Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI schliesst vor langem Wochenende im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel SLI und SPI leichter. TecDAX geht mit kleinem Plus aus dem Donnerstag. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 861 -0,6%  Dow 20 453 -0,7%  Nasdaq 5 354 -0,4%  Euro 1,0614 0,0%  ATX P 1 449 -0,5%  EStoxx50 3 448 -0,6%  Nikkei 18 336 -0,5%  CHF 1,0675 0,0%  DAX 12 109 -0,4%  FTSE100 7 328 -0,3%  Öl 55,6 0,0%  Gold 1 286 -1,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 15.04.2017 00:30:00 A A Teilen Drucken Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog Tweet ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of "Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!" shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster's Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked HummusServe with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients (2) 7 oz. containers of plain prepared hummus 1 ¼ cup crumbled feta cheese 2/3 cup chopped Kalamata olives 2/3 cup chopped fresh tomato 2 Tbsp olive oil Directions Spread hummus evenly into an 8×8 inch square baking dish. Sprinkle with feta cheese, being sure to evenly cover the surface. In a separate bowl, gently toss the tomatoes and olives together until blended well. Layer the olive and tomato mixture on top of the feta cheese. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake at 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients 1 can LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino 1/2 cup blackberries 1 tbsp lemon juice 1 tbsp honey cucumber for garnish Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can't be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese's Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celebrating-easter-and-spring-with-diy-expert-lynn-lilly-on-tips-on-tv-blog-300439950.html SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Krieg der Währungen Protektionismus bedroht die Weltwirtschaft Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX schließt vor langem Wochenende tief im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel TecDAX geht mit kleinem Plus aus dem Donnerstag. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7-Day Hourly Forecast Radar Radar & Maps Weather Alerts School Closings and Delays Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Home Safety Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart The Senior Resource Center Ask a Health Expert News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Election Results Domestic Violence Conquering Addiction Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Travel Discover Colorado Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Real Estate Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado BolderBOULDER Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids 7Everyday Hero Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Fire Weather Watch issued April 15 at 3:00PM MDT expiring April 17 at 7:00PM MDT in effect for: Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, Elbert 1 Weather Alert Alerts See the moment April the giraffe gave birth Police digging up backyard find evidence in case of missing pregnant Denver woman Kelsie Schelling TheDenverChannel.com Team 5:47 PM, Apr 14, 2017 denver | colorado | missing | pueblo | pregnant Share Article Previous Next Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Investigators with the Pueblo Police Department and Colorado Bureau of Investigation search through a Pueblo yard at a home that used to be occupied by Donthe Lucas. Pueblo Police Department Police in Pueblo are still searching for any clues that would hint at Kelsie Schelling's disappearance. She disappeared more than two years ago in 2013. Wrongful death lawsuits have been filed, however there is no resolution in the young woman's disappearance.  MORE | Read more on Schelling's case developments.    Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next PUEBLO, Colo. – Day two of the search of a Pueblo home and backyard connected to the case of a pregnant Denver woman who went missing four years ago has turned up some evidence, though police won’t say what kind. Pueblo police and investigators with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation began searching at a home in the 5100 block of Manor Ridge Drive Thursday morning in the hope of finding new clues in the disappearance of Kelsie Schelling. The home used to be occupied by Donthe Lucas, Schelling’s boyfriend and the father of her unborn child. Lucas has long been considered a suspect in the case but he has never been convicted on any charges. On Friday, police told KRDO that investigators digging up the home’s backyard found some pieces of evidence. Though officers wouldn’t say what kind of evidence it is, they said it is not a body. Schelling was 21 years old and eight weeks pregnant when she vanished on Feb. 4, 2013. She had her first doctor’s visit and had seen a sonogram of her baby earlier that day. After the trip to the doctor and a shift at work, the Denver woman drove two hours south to Pueblo to visit Lucas, and has never been seen since. Lucas was found to have parked her car at an area Walmart the day after she disappeared, and an unidentified man picked it up and eventually dropped it off again at the St. Mary-Corwin Medical Center. Police recovered the vehicle Feb. 7. Schelling was never seen in surveillance video at either location. Investigators discovered through text messages that Schelling and Lucas had talked to one another once she had reached Pueblo, but the messages stopped shortly after she got there. Schelling’s family has long offered a reward for information leading investigators to their daughter or to an arrest and conviction of someone in her disappearance – upping the reward to $100,000 in February and organizing a Colorado Missing Persons Day event at the state Capitol on Feb. 3 Pueblo police say the investigation into the case remains ongoing and that they are looking for tips related to the case. To submit anonymous tips in the case, contact Pueblo Crime Stoppers at 542-STOP or go to their website. You can also contact the Colorado Bureau of Investigation at 303-239-4300. Enjoy this content? Follow Denver7 on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and download the Denver7 app on iOS and Android devices for continual access to breaking news, weather and sports. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article Related Investigators search Pueblo home in cold case A Share A A A Share Article Related Investigators search Pueblo home in cold case Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin April 17. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I-95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK AT FREDERICKSBURG – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 southbound between Sunday, April 2 ˗˗ Thursday, April 6 Next PostNext RT. 245 WILL REOPEN TO TRAFFIC LATE TOMORROW – Road closed from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Broad Run bridge for removal of barrier wall Search Recent Posts BPXA, Alaska DEC, U.S. EPA and North Slope Borough Form Unified Command in Response to Oil and Gas Well Discharge Near Prudhoe Bay, Alaska Lord Conrad Reveals Touch – The Sky New Single Cover HondaJet Sets Two Speed Records Flying between the Northeast and South Florida EzPaycheck Payroll Software Updated for California Restaurant Owners With Multiple Locations Governor Cuomo at New York Auto Show Encourages New Yorkers to Tap into $70 Million Electric Car Rebate and Outreach Initiative Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – North Hollymead Drive will be closed to traffic at its intersection with Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday during grading and paving across the entrances. A signed detour will direct traffic to South Hollymead Drive and back to North Hollymead Drive east of Route 29. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. (NEW) Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday-Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended –  Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road through late April. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I-95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK AT FREDERICKSBURG – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 southbound between Sunday, April 2 ˗˗ Thursday, April 6 Next PostNext RT. 245 WILL REOPEN TO TRAFFIC LATE TOMORROW – Road closed from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Broad Run bridge for removal of barrier wall Search Recent Posts BPXA, Alaska DEC, U.S. EPA and North Slope Borough Form Unified Command in Response to Oil and Gas Well Discharge Near Prudhoe Bay, Alaska Lord Conrad Reveals Touch – The Sky New Single Cover HondaJet Sets Two Speed Records Flying between the Northeast and South Florida EzPaycheck Payroll Software Updated for California Restaurant Owners With Multiple Locations Governor Cuomo at New York Auto Show Encourages New Yorkers to Tap into $70 Million Electric Car Rebate and Outreach Initiative Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, April 16, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / School, community team up for 2nd-grade cancer survivor By Jillian McGehee/Contributing Writer This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY SUBMITTED Second-grader Colleen Herron is surrounded by her best friends, Deandra Shehane and Spencer Seel. The students, along with others at Central Primary School and in the Arkadelphia community, are rallying together to support Colleen on her cancer journey and raise funds for the upcoming Relay for Life on Friday. ARKADELPHIA — In her 28 years of teaching, Debbie Robertson of Arkadelphia has experienced a wide range of dynamics and joy from her students. Yet she’d never been quite as touched by a student as she has by Colleen Herron, a cancer survivor and Central Primary School second-grader. Robertson recently organized the #teamcolleen fundraiser in conjunction with the local Relay for Life initiative of the American Cancer Society. “When I met Colleen the first day she entered my classroom, she also entered my heart,” Robertson said. “I went home and couldn’t stop thinking about her. She apologized to me for having to push her wheelchair, apologized to me for having to rearrange my room, and she apologized to me for just about everything. She clearly felt like a burden to others. I could not let her feel that way. I decided that we all needed to get on her team and show her how much she means to us at Central Primary.” In 2015, Colleen was diagnosed with a rare cancer, adamantinoma, in her left tibia, said her mother, Kelly Haddox. Surgery removed the tumor, and Colleen healed and began walking again. Months later, Colleen went back to Arkansas Children’s Hospital for a routine scan, and her family was told her cancer had returned. Colleen’s leg is healing and growing now after undergoing special surgeries to remove the entire tibia and replace her bone with a donor femur and inject it with her own DNA from her pelvic bone. Through everything, “she’s still smiling,” Colleen’s mother said. “Throughout the whole ordeal, she has remained extremely resilient and very optimistic. She’s our family’s hero. She inspires us all. Colleen still has more healing to do, but her future looks hopeful.” Robertson shared her fundraising idea with other school administrators, as well as local Relay for Life coordinators Ryan and Kimberly Ellison. The kickoff was held March 2, and the Ellisons “went above and beyond to highlight our girl,” Robertson noted. “The students were cheering loudly and, for the first time, understood why we do Relay for Life. Colleen has since made a whole school of friends and sees every day that she is not a burden, but a blessing, to all of us at Central Primary.” Despite missing so much school because of undergoing surgeries, Colleen has almost caught up to where she needs to be, Robertson said. “She wants to do good and gives it her all every time we work with her,” the teacher said. “On a personal level, I must say that Colleen has such a big heart for others and animals.” On the day of this interview, Robertson said Colleen was late to school because she had to stop and help a dog on the side of the road. “She said, ‘We saw an older dog walking on the side of the road. He looked all dirty and hungry. He even looked blind in one eye. I felt sorry for him and couldn’t just leave him there. I made Momma stop and pick him up. She is giving him a bath and feeding him while I’m at school. I’ll check on him when I get home,’” Robertson said. In a video holding large flash cards to describe her journey, Colleen said she hopes to be walking fully by this summer. She said she walked briefly in February. She won’t be able to jump again or play sports. She said that without her dogs, family, friends and amazing teacher, Mrs. Robertson, her journey would be a lot more difficult. It’s been an amazing feat to see the school and community join together for a cause, Robertson said. “Business and people in our community donated money to help us buy shirts that say #teamcolleen. Every child in my classroom has one now, and I saw a lady at Walmart yesterday, and she had one of the shirts on. She was explaining it to another lady. I just smiled when I passed by.” Colleen has touched more people than she’ll ever know, Robertson said. “A burden? No way,” Robertson said. “She’s such a huge blessing instead.” Robertson and other Colleen supporters will be conducting their final fundraiser this week, Monday through Friday. Colleen and her friends will be selling #teamcolleen buttons at school for $1, Robertson said. Robertson’s whole class will walk during the Relay for Life, scheduled for Friday at Henderson State University in Arkadelphia. “We will walk in her honor while pushing [Colleen] in her wheelchair,” Robertson said. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Memories of cheese grits and chocolate Saline County coroner serves state organizati... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA School, community team up for 2nd-grade canc... Theater to present The Adventures of Tom Sawy... Conference baseball game pits brother against... Decorating taste has hit a bump Ancient canoe now on display at new River Cen... Luncheon to benefit single parents’ fund Comments on: School, community team up for 2nd-grade cancer survivor To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Federal judge issues order blocking Arkansas executions (41 comments) After Pine Bluff shooting, deputy resigns (11 comments) Trump Jr. mocks college students' concern over Chick-fil-A (51 comments) Arkansas AG: Remove circuit judge from executions case, reverse order (11 comments) Homeless woman arrested after twerking in public, Little Rock police say (10 comments) Johnny Depp, Damien Echols appear at Arkansas anti-execution rally (20 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, April 16, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA This article was published today at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size April 18 Saline Crossing Meeting BENTON — The Saline Crossing Regional Park and Recreation Area Inc. will meet at 5:30 p.m. in the Gene Moss Building at Tyndall Park. For more information, call (501) 778-8661. April 19 Wind Ensemble Concert ARKADELPHIA — The Henderson State University Wind Ensemble and international trumpeter Rex Richardson will present a concert at 7:30 p.m. in Arkansas Hall at Henderson. The concert is free and open to the public. For more information, call (870) 230-5178. April 20-23 Fiddler on the Roof ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s School of Fine Arts will present Fiddler on the Roof at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday and at 2:30 p.m. April 23 in the Jones Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $12. For tickets or more information, visit obu.edu/boxoffice. April 20-23 and April 27-30 The Adventures of Tom Sawyer BENTON — The Royal Players and Middlebrooks Electric will present The Adventures of Tom Sawyer at 7 p.m. Thursday, Friday and Saturday, and again April 27-29; and at 2 p.m. April 23 and 30 at The Royal Theatre. Tickets are $12 for adults; $10 for seniors and military personnel; and $5 for students. For more information, call (501) 315-5483. April 22 Hosta and Shade Plant Society Meeting HOT SPRINGS — The Ouachita Hosta and Shade Plant Society will meet at the Garland County Library, 1427 Malvern Ave. Snacks and socializing will begin at 9:30 a.m., followed by speaker Ron Matlock at 10 a.m. Matlock, with the University of Arkansas Cooperative Extension Service, will talk about the care of crepe myrtles. Visitors are welcome to attend the meeting. For more information, call Lin Johnson at (501) 318-0288. Pancake Breakfast BENTON — The Churches Joint Council on Human Needs will host its annual pancake breakfast from 8-11 a.m. at Salem United Methodist Church. Tickets are $5 per person, and the menu will include pancakes, sausage, coffee, milk and juice. For more information, call (501) 315-0599. April 22 and 23 All Shook Up! Auditions BENTON — Auditions for the Benton Royal Players’ production of All Shook Up! — a musical featuring the songs of Elvis Presley — will begin at 10 a.m. Saturday and April 23 upstairs at the Royal Theater, 111 S. Market St. The director is Frank O. Butler, and production dates are Aug. 10-20. The audition will include cold readings from the script, a movement portion and 16-32 bars of prepared music. Attendees are asked to provide sheet music for the accompanist. A video audition and a resume may be submitted by way of Facebook messenger by midnight April 23. For more information, call (501) 315-5483. Ongoing Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike ARKADELPHIA — The Henderson State University Theatre will present Christopher Durang’s 2013 Tony Award-winning play, Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike, at 7:30 p.m. Monday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. The play is under the direction of Claudia Beach, director of theater. The HSU Theatre Box Office in Arkansas Hall will sell tickets from 1-4 p.m. Admission is $8, or free with an HSU student ID. The play is recommended for mature audiences. For more information or reservations, call (870) 230-5291 or email theatre@hsu.edu. Student Juried Art Exhibit ARKADELPHIA — Ouachita Baptist University’s Hammons Gallery in the Mabee Fine Arts Center will feature the OBU Art Club’s annual Student Juried Art Exhibit from Monday through April 25. The exhibit is free and open to the public, and winners will be announced at a reception at 7 p.m. Monday in the gallery. Art pieces on display will include paintings, photographs, sculptures, and fabric and graphic-design works. This year’s juror is Aaron Calvert, professor of art at Henderson State University. Regular gallery hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays. For more information, call the School of Fine Arts at (870) 245-5129. Scholarships for Educators Practicing educators in Arkansas public schools are encouraged to apply for Parsons-Burnett Scholarship Grants for graduate study in the 2017-2018 academic year. The grants are awarded to educators with a proven academic record and at least one year of successful teaching experience. The grants are funded by contributions from the Arkansas Retired Teachers Association. For more information, visit www.artanow.com. Scholarship applications, which are due by June 15, may be downloaded from the site. Justus Fine Art Gallery Exhibit HOT SPRINGS — The April exhibit at the Justus Fine Art Gallery, 827A Central Ave., titled Brotherhood, features work by contemporary representational painters Jason Sacran of Fort Smith and John P. Lasater IV of Siloam Springs, including a selection of plein air paintings, along with studio work. A closing reception will take place from 4-6 p.m. April 28, and a still-life painting demonstration will be given from 10 a.m. to noon April 29. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday or by appointment. For more information, call (501) 321-2335 or visit justusfineart.com. Team Tesla Program HOT SPRINGS — The Mid-America Science Museum is taking applications for its Team Tesla program, designed for students ages 14 to 18 to develop leadership skills. The students learn and develop their own understanding of science principles by assisting museum educators during summer camps and special events such as Tinkerfest, Tesla Fest and the Summer Science Smash. The deadline to apply is May 12. For more information, visit midamericamuseum.org, or contact Irene Perros at (501) 767-3461, ext. 122, or irenep@midamericamuseum.org. Alzheimer’s Caregiver Support Group Meetings HOT SPRINGS — The Alzheimer’s Association Caregiver Support Group meets at 2:30 p.m. the second Thursday of each month at The Atrium at Serenity Pointe, 2803 Albert Pike Road. For more information, call (501) 844-5161. Ageless Bikers Club HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Ageless Bikers Club has 10 different bike rides that are 16 to 35 miles long. The rides are on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays on quiet paved country roads (one ride has up to 3 miles of gravel). No one is left behind, and the group stops often to regroup and socialize. Several rides are “out and back,” so the beginner can turn back for a shorter ride. Start times for the rides are seasonal, so for a schedule, contact Dave OBrien at (830) 285-5129 or djob1947boom@gmail.com. Free Exercise Classes ARKADELPHIA — The Central Arkansas Development Council’s Arkadelphia Senior Activity Center invites the public to a free Zumba class at 11 a.m. every Wednesday at the center, 1305 N. 10th St. The class, taught by a local fitness instructor, is geared for seniors ages 60 and older. The center also offers a free exercise class at 11 a.m. Mondays, as well as chair volleyball and beanbag baseball teams that practice daily. For more information, call the center at (870) 246-9871. Free Yoga Class BENTON — McClure Fitness, 1200 Library Drive, offers a free community yoga class at 10 a.m. every Saturday. For more information, call (501) 269-1662. Alzheimer’s Caretaker Support Group BENTON — The Alzheimer’s Arkansas Caretaker Support Group meets from 2-4 p.m. the third Thursday of every month at the Bob Herzfeld Memorial Library. For more information, call (501) 778-4766. Merry Mixers HOT SPRINGS VILLAGE — The Hot Springs Village Merry Mixers dance to live music from 7:30-10:30 p.m. the third Saturday of each month in the Coronado Community Center. A dance lesson will be given at 7 p.m. Admission is $10 per person. For more information, call (501) 915-8111. Upcoming Operation Medicine Cabinet BENTON — The Benton Police Department will present Operation Medicine Cabinet XIV from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 29 in the Walmart Supercenter parking lot. For more information, visit artakeback.org. Garland County Master Gardeners Plant Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Garland County Master Gardeners will host their annual plant sale from 8 a.m. to noon April 29 at the Hot Springs Farmers & Artisans Market, 121 Orange St. The sale’s theme is Come Bee With Us. The event is free and open to the public. For more information, contact the Garland County Cooperative Extension Service, University of Arkansas, Division of Agriculture, at (501) 623-6841. Library Book Sale HOT SPRINGS — The Friends of the Garland County Library will hold a book sale from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 4-6 in the library’s auditorium. For more information, visit clibrary.com. Christopher Castleberry Golf Classic BISMARCK — A golf tournament to support the Christopher Castleberry Memorial Foundation Business Scholarship will take place May 27 at DeGray Lake Resort Golf Course. Tee time for the two-man scramble is 9 a.m. Registration is $85 per player and begins at 8 a.m. The foundation awards an annual scholarship to a senior at Fountain Lake High School and a business student at Henderson State University. Castleberry was a 2006 graduate of Henderson State who died in 2010. For more information, email Nick Brumley at nickbrumley@yahoo.com. To submit an event, mail information to Calendar of Events, Tri-Lakes Edition, P.O. Box 2221, Little Rock, AR 72203; fax (501) 378-3500; or email tlnews@arkansasonline.com. The deadline for calendar-item submissions is noon Tuesday each week. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Memories of cheese grits and chocolate Saline County coroner serves state organizati... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA School, community team up for 2nd-grade canc... Theater to present The Adventures of Tom Sawy... Conference baseball game pits brother against... Decorating taste has hit a bump Ancient canoe now on display at new River Cen... Luncheon to benefit single parents’ fund Comments on: COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Federal judge issues order blocking Arkansas executions (41 comments) After Pine Bluff shooting, deputy resigns (11 comments) Trump Jr. mocks college students' concern over Chick-fil-A (51 comments) Arkansas AG: Remove circuit judge from executions case, reverse order (11 comments) Homeless woman arrested after twerking in public, Little Rock police say (10 comments) Johnny Depp, Damien Echols appear at Arkansas anti-execution rally (20 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
null
Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival Posted: Saturday, April 15, 2017 11:56 PM EDT Updated: Saturday, April 15, 2017 11:56 PM EDT By Alyssa Meisner, Digital Journalist/Anchor Email Connect ameisner@wowktv.com Governor Jim Justice and First Lady Cathy Justice host this year's Easter Carnival.  It was a day of fun at the Capitol Complex- bouncy houses, face painting and balloon animals kept kids entertained all morning long. The Easter bunny also paid a visit to the free family event. Games and prizes were in the North Plaza of the capitol for this holiday carnival. "It's very important there's so many things that families have to spend their hard earned money on, and they're able to come here and have a great afternoon at this free event and the kids are always thrilled to be here and we are always thrilled to participate," a clown at the Easter carnival told 13 News. Walmart donated many of the prizes today including several bicycles in addition to the food for the carnival. More NewsMore>> Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 11:56 PM EDT2017-04-16 03:56:31 GMT Governor Jim Justice and First Lady Cathy Justice host this year's Easter Carnival.  It was a day of fun at the Capitol Complex- bouncy houses, face painting and balloon animals kept kids entertained all morning long. The Easter bunny also paid a visit to the free family event. Games and prizes were in the North Plaza of the capitol for this holiday carnival. "It's very important there's so many things that families have to spend their hard earned money on, and they'r... Governor Jim Justice and First Lady Cathy Justice host this year's Easter Carnival.  It was a day of fun at the Capitol Complex- bouncy houses, face painting and balloon animals kept kids entertained all morning long. The Easter bunny also paid a visit to the free family event. Games and prizes were in the North Plaza of the capitol for this holiday carnival. "It's very important there's so many things that families have to spend their hard earned money on, and they'r... Tax Day Demonstrators Demand That Trump Release Tax Reurns Tax Day Demonstrators Demand That Trump Release Tax Reurns Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 7:34 PM EDT2017-04-15 23:34:13 GMT CHICAGO (AP) -- Thousands of chanting, sign-carrying protesters took to the streets in cities across the nation Saturday, demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns so Americans can scrutinize his business ties and potential conflicts of interest. Trump was the first major-party nominee in more than 40 years not to release his tax returns, saying it was because he was under audit. He later said that voters don't care. But 71-year-old Ilene Singh said he's wrong. CHICAGO (AP) -- Thousands of chanting, sign-carrying protesters took to the streets in cities across the nation Saturday, demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns so Americans can scrutinize his business ties and potential conflicts of interest. Trump was the first major-party nominee in more than 40 years not to release his tax returns, saying it was because he was under audit. He later said that voters don't care. But 71-year-old Ilene Singh said he's wrong. Putnam County farmer investigated for neglecting over 100 animals Putnam County farmer investigated for neglecting over 100 animals Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 6:57 PM EDT2017-04-15 22:57:26 GMT A Putnam County man is being investigated for animal cruelty and neglect. Mark Santnee opened A&A Farm several months ago as a farm rescue.  He acquired dozens of animals over the past few weeks raising red flags with the Putnam County Animal Shelter and the Kanawha-Charleston Humane Association.  Putnam County's Humane Officer secured a search warrant for A&A Farms on Route 34. Once at the farm, the Shelter found more than 100 animals. A Putnam County man is being investigated for animal cruelty and neglect. Mark Santnee opened A&A Farm several months ago as a farm rescue.  He acquired dozens of animals over the past few weeks raising red flags with the Putnam County Animal Shelter and the Kanawha-Charleston Humane Association.  Putnam County's Humane Officer secured a search warrant for A&A Farms on Route 34. Once at the farm, the Shelter found more than 100 animals. Boone County School Board Member Resigns Amidst Embezzlement Allegations Boone County School Board Member Resigns Amidst Embezzlement Allegations Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 4:35 PM EDT2017-04-15 20:35:10 GMT MADISON, W.Va. (AP) - A county school board member in West Virginia being investigated for embezzlement has resigned.      Danny Cantley had served on the Boone County school board for more than two decades.      The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports (bit.ly/2oCmRp1) Cantley's reason for resigning was unclear.      West Virginia State Police confirmed last month that Cantley and former board president Mark Sumpter were under investigation as ... MADISON, W.Va. (AP) - A county school board member in West Virginia being investigated for embezzlement has resigned.      Danny Cantley had served on the Boone County school board for more than two decades.      The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports (bit.ly/2oCmRp1) Cantley's reason for resigning was unclear.      West Virginia State Police confirmed last month that Cantley and former board president Mark Sumpter were under investigation as ... April The Giraffe In NY Has Calf Before 1.2 Million Online April The Giraffe In NY Has Calf Before 1.2 Million Online Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 2:20 PM EDT2017-04-15 18:20:55 GMT Before an online audience of more than a million viewers, April the giraffe gave birth to a calf Saturday at a New York zoo, ending weeks of proverbial pacing by animal lovers in a virtual worldwide waiting room. The 15-year-old giraffe delivered her calf shortly before 10 a.m. EDT in an enclosed pen at the zoo in Harpursville, a rural upstate village about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New York City. T Before an online audience of more than a million viewers, April the giraffe gave birth to a calf Saturday at a New York zoo, ending weeks of proverbial pacing by animal lovers in a virtual worldwide waiting room. The 15-year-old giraffe delivered her calf shortly before 10 a.m. EDT in an enclosed pen at the zoo in Harpursville, a rural upstate village about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New York City. T Ex-NFL Player Driving Truck That Ran Over, Killed Daughter Ex-NFL Player Driving Truck That Ran Over, Killed Daughter Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 2:08 PM EDT2017-04-15 18:08:17 GMT PHOENIX (AP) — Authorities say a former NFL player was moving a truck that ran over and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home. The Arizona Republic reports (http://bit.ly/2nO2juS ) that police say Todd Heap was behind the wheel of the truck when he accidentally struck the girl while moving the vehicle forward outside their home in Mesa on Friday. PHOENIX (AP) — Authorities say a former NFL player was moving a truck that ran over and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home. The Arizona Republic reports (http://bit.ly/2nO2juS ) that police say Todd Heap was behind the wheel of the truck when he accidentally struck the girl while moving the vehicle forward outside their home in Mesa on Friday. University Of Michigan Unveils 1,500-Pound Rubik's Cube University Of Michigan Unveils 1,500-Pound Rubik's Cube Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 12:38 PM EDT2017-04-15 16:38:42 GMT ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) -- University of Michigan mechanical engineering students have made one of the most popular puzzle games much larger. And tougher to solve. Seven former and current students unveiled a 1,500-pound Rubik's Cube during a ceremony Thursday inside the G.G. Brown engineering building on the Ann Arbor campus.  ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP) -- University of Michigan mechanical engineering students have made one of the most popular puzzle games much larger. And tougher to solve. Seven former and current students unveiled a 1,500-pound Rubik's Cube during a ceremony Thursday inside the G.G. Brown engineering building on the Ann Arbor campus.  April the giraffe had her baby at Animal Adventure Park April the giraffe had her baby at Animal Adventure Park Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 10:37 AM EDT2017-04-15 14:37:05 GMT A New York petting zoo is sharing the joy as they are expecting a baby giraffe to be born.  A New York petting zoo is sharing the joy as they are expecting a baby giraffe to be born.  Swingers club "outed" in Ashland Swingers club "outed" in Ashland Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 7:45 PM EDT2017-04-14 23:45:00 GMT It's the business permit request that absolutely shocked some tristate city commissioners. . The host of a popular swingers club says it's not a business but more like a weekly super bowl party,with sex. It's the business permit request that absolutely shocked some tristate city commissioners. . The host of a popular swingers club says it's not a business but more like a weekly super bowl party,with sex. Police impersonator pulls over officer, needs real lawyer Police impersonator pulls over officer, needs real lawyer Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:44 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:44:59 GMT Authorities say a man packing a blue light and a BB gun pulled over a non-descript car on Interstate 95, ready to play "traffic cop". Authorities say a man packing a blue light and a BB gun pulled over a non-descript car on Interstate 95, ready to play "traffic cop".    Top VideoMore>> Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival Governor Justice Hosts Easter Carnival College Baseball & College Lacrosse (04-15-2017) College Baseball & College Lacrosse (04-15-2017) More from Poca's Luke Frampton - Player of the Year Presentation (April 14, 2017) More from Poca's Luke Frampton - Player of the Year Presentation (April 14, 2017) Parents worried over proposed cuts to school nurse jobs Parents worried over proposed cuts to school nurse jobs High School Baseball and Softball Highlights (April 14, 2017) High School Baseball and Softball Highlights (April 14, 2017)    SlideshowsMore>> Target recalling more than 500k water absorbing toys because of ingestion hazard Target recalling more than 500k water absorbing toys because of ingestion hazard Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 11:37 AM EDT2017-04-13 15:37:23 GMT The Consumer Product Safety Commission says if a child swallows a toy, it could expand inside the stomach causing several medical issues and require surgery for removal. The Consumer Product Safety Commission says if a child swallows a toy, it could expand inside the stomach causing several medical issues and require surgery for removal. Eight inmates overdose at Kentucky jail Eight inmates overdose at Kentucky jail Updated: Monday, April 10 2017 12:35 PM EDT2017-04-10 16:35:40 GMT BOYD COUNTY, KY - Eight female inmates from the Boyd County Detention Center were transported to Kings Daughters Medical Center after overdosing on a substance that officials believe to be heroin. According to a release from the Boyd County Detention Center, at roughly 11:30 p.m. on Saturday, April 8th, 2017, inmates began using the substance before some began exhibiting signs of overdose.  Officials say that a recently arrested inmate had brought in the drugs after being booke... BOYD COUNTY, KY - Eight female inmates from the Boyd County Detention Center were transported to Kings Daughters Medical Center after overdosing on a substance that officials believe to be heroin. According to a release from the Boyd County Detention Center, at roughly 11:30 p.m. on Saturday, April 8th, 2017, inmates began using the substance before some began exhibiting signs of overdose.  Officials say that a recently arrested inmate had brought in the drugs after being booke... 5 Suspects Arrested During Drug Raid in Carter County 5 Suspects Arrested During Drug Raid in Carter County Updated: Wednesday, April 5 2017 1:32 PM EDT2017-04-05 17:32:53 GMT Five individuals were arrested in an undercover sting operation by the F.A.D.E. Drug Task Force in coordination with the Olive Hill Police Department. Five individuals were arrested in an undercover sting operation by the F.A.D.E. Drug Task Force in coordination with the Olive Hill Police Department. Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood Kick Off Visit in Charleston, WV Updated: Tuesday, October 25 2016 5:12 PM EDT2016-10-25 21:12:29 GMT Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood kicked off their four show weekend in Charleston, WV on October 21st. The show on Friday began at 7:30. The duo will also have two shows on October 22nd and one show on October 23rd.  The weekend event is expected to bring more than 50,000 people to the capital city.  Garth Brooks says that Charleston, WV is one of the funnest cities to play. "They come here to have fun and that's our kind of people. We are expecting this weekend to ... Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Kenova Pumpkin House Preps for Halloween Updated: Monday, October 24 2016 3:31 PM EDT2016-10-24 19:31:36 GMT Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House. Every year for the past 25 years, Ric Griffith's Kenova, WV home gets converted into the Pumpkin House.    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Swingers club "outed" in Ashland Swingers club "outed" in Ashland Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 7:45 PM EDT2017-04-14 23:45:00 GMT It's the business permit request that absolutely shocked some tristate city commissioners. . The host of a popular swingers club says it's not a business but more like a weekly super bowl party,with sex. It's the business permit request that absolutely shocked some tristate city commissioners. . The host of a popular swingers club says it's not a business but more like a weekly super bowl party,with sex. 2 Suspects Wanted in Kanawha Valley B&E 2 Suspects Wanted in Kanawha Valley B&E Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 9:48 PM EDT2017-04-16 01:48:04 GMT The West Virginia State Police needs is seeking the public's assistance in identifying these two suspects. The pair is believed to be involved in credit card fraud and breaking and entering of vehicles. Anyone with information is requested to contact Corporal Chandler at 304-558-7777. Stay with 13 News for the latest in this developing story. The West Virginia State Police needs is seeking the public's assistance in identifying these two suspects. The pair is believed to be involved in credit card fraud and breaking and entering of vehicles. Anyone with information is requested to contact Corporal Chandler at 304-558-7777. Stay with 13 News for the latest in this developing story. April The Giraffe In NY Has Calf Before 1.2 Million Online April The Giraffe In NY Has Calf Before 1.2 Million Online Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 2:20 PM EDT2017-04-15 18:20:55 GMT Before an online audience of more than a million viewers, April the giraffe gave birth to a calf Saturday at a New York zoo, ending weeks of proverbial pacing by animal lovers in a virtual worldwide waiting room. The 15-year-old giraffe delivered her calf shortly before 10 a.m. EDT in an enclosed pen at the zoo in Harpursville, a rural upstate village about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New York City. T Before an online audience of more than a million viewers, April the giraffe gave birth to a calf Saturday at a New York zoo, ending weeks of proverbial pacing by animal lovers in a virtual worldwide waiting room. The 15-year-old giraffe delivered her calf shortly before 10 a.m. EDT in an enclosed pen at the zoo in Harpursville, a rural upstate village about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New York City. T A Silver Alert Has Been Issued For A Kanawha County Man A Silver Alert Has Been Issued For A Kanawha County Man Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 8:14 PM EDT2017-04-16 00:14:43 GMT West Virginia State Police Have issued a Silver alert for Michael L. Reed, age 52. Reed was last seen driving a 2014 silver Ford Escape on Monday in the Saint Albans area. Reed's vehicle has West Virginia license plate number 9LT262. Reed stands approximately 5 foot 10 inches tall, with brown hair and green eyes. According to troopers, Mr. Reed also suffers from a brain injury. West Virginia State Police Have issued a Silver alert for Michael L. Reed, age 52. Reed was last seen driving a 2014 silver Ford Escape on Monday in the Saint Albans area. Reed's vehicle has West Virginia license plate number 9LT262. Reed stands approximately 5 foot 10 inches tall, with brown hair and green eyes. According to troopers, Mr. Reed also suffers from a brain injury. Ex-NFL Player Driving Truck That Ran Over, Killed Daughter Ex-NFL Player Driving Truck That Ran Over, Killed Daughter Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 2:08 PM EDT2017-04-15 18:08:17 GMT PHOENIX (AP) — Authorities say a former NFL player was moving a truck that ran over and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home. The Arizona Republic reports (http://bit.ly/2nO2juS ) that police say Todd Heap was behind the wheel of the truck when he accidentally struck the girl while moving the vehicle forward outside their home in Mesa on Friday. PHOENIX (AP) — Authorities say a former NFL player was moving a truck that ran over and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home. The Arizona Republic reports (http://bit.ly/2nO2juS ) that police say Todd Heap was behind the wheel of the truck when he accidentally struck the girl while moving the vehicle forward outside their home in Mesa on Friday. Four People Killed in Interstate 77 Crash Four People Killed in Interstate 77 Crash Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 11:20 PM EDT2017-04-14 03:20:13 GMT Ted Salisbury According to West Virginia State Police Trooper Cpl. Brian Garretson, four people have died in a vehicle that was struck by a tractor trailer on I-77 near Camp Creek. According to West Virginia State Police Trooper Cpl. Brian Garretson, four people have died in a vehicle that was struck by a tractor trailer on I-77 near Camp Creek. Woman Arrested After Overdosing, Driving Under Influence with Child in Car Woman Arrested After Overdosing, Driving Under Influence with Child in Car Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 6:22 PM EDT2017-04-14 22:22:35 GMT SOUTH CHARLESTON - The South Charleston Detachment of the West Virginia Police Department are investigating after a woman was arrested for DUI after being revived with Narcan in Kanawha County with a child in the car. According to the State Police, a woman overdosed on heroin and was revived with Narcan at a park in Kanawha County. The woman was revived and refused other medical treatment.  Once revived, the woman, along with another woman and a five-year-old child took o... SOUTH CHARLESTON - The South Charleston Detachment of the West Virginia Police Department are investigating after a woman was arrested for DUI after being revived with Narcan in Kanawha County with a child in the car. According to the State Police, a woman overdosed on heroin and was revived with Narcan at a park in Kanawha County. The woman was revived and refused other medical treatment.  Once revived, the woman, along with another woman and a five-year-old child took o... Preston County Deputy's Cruiser Severely Damaged in I-68 Accident Preston County Deputy's Cruiser Severely Damaged in I-68 Accident Updated: Wednesday, April 12 2017 1:37 PM EDT2017-04-12 17:37:45 GMT Courtesy of the Grafton Volunteer Fire Department A Preston County Sheriff's Department vehicle was severely damaged in a crash on Interstate 68 early Wednesday morning. A Preston County Sheriff's Department vehicle was severely damaged in a crash on Interstate 68 early Wednesday morning. StormTracker 13 Forecast StormTracker 13 Forecast: Click Here Click here for an hour by hour forecast from our computer forecast model, Predictor. The latest StormTracker 13 Forecast update! Motorcyclist Killed After Bike Being Struck by Vehicle in Huntington Motorcyclist Killed After Bike Being Struck by Vehicle in Huntington Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:16 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:16:44 GMT One person has been killed after a motorcycle crash in Huntington. The crash was reported at the intersection of 8th Avenue and 31st Street in Huntington around 7:45 p.m. According to dispatchers, a motorcycle was struck by a vehicle at that intersection. According to Huntington Police Chief Joe Ciccarelli, the driver of the motorcycle was killed in the crash. Huntington Police continues to investigate the scene. It is not clear how long that intersection will be shut down at this... One person has been killed after a motorcycle crash in Huntington. The crash was reported at the intersection of 8th Avenue and 31st Street in Huntington around 7:45 p.m. According to dispatchers, a motorcycle was struck by a vehicle at that intersection. According to Huntington Police Chief Joe Ciccarelli, the driver of the motorcycle was killed in the crash. Huntington Police continues to investigate the scene. It is not clear how long that intersection will be shut down at this...    WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News LeEco Announces Tax Refund Deals Event for Ultra HD TVs & Smartphones, Sale Starts April 14 LeEco Announces Tax Refund Deals Event for Ultra HD TVs & Smartphones, Sale Starts April 14 Posted Thu Apr 13, 2017 at 12:30 PM PDT by Steven Cohen Several Ultra HD TVs and smartphones will be on sale from April 14 through April 18. LeEco has announced an upcoming Tax Refund Sales Event. As part of the promotion, the company will be offering special instant rebates on its products through LeEco.com, including $200 off the Super4 X65 and X55 4K Ultra HD smart TVs. The sale kicks off on April 14 at 12:01 a.m. EDT and runs through April 18, 11:59 p.m. EDT. And in addition to the instant rebates listed below, customers can also spin the LeEco Wheel for even bigger savings, including chances to win an extra $20 off smartphones, $50 to $150 off X65 and X55 TVs, or even $1,000 off the flagship uMax85 4K Ultra HD TV. Likewise, all smartphone and TV purchases also come with a three-month subscription to DIRECTV NOW, which includes access to 60+ channels.  Here's a rundown of the upcoming sale prices: - Super4 X55 4K Ultra HD TV: $599 (regularly $799 - $200 instant rebate) and three months of DIRECTV NOW - Super4 X65 4K Ultra HD TV: $999 (regularly $1,199 - $200 instant rebate) and three months of DIRECTV NOW - Le S3 Smartphone: $169 (regularly $199 - $30 instant rebate) and three months of DIRECTV NOW - Le Pro3 Smartphone: $299 (regularly $349 - $50 instant rebate) and three months of DIRECTV NOW - All Metal Earphones: $11.99 (regularly $19.99 - $8 instant rebate) - Bluetooth Headphones EB20 (black): $14.99 (regularly $39.99 - $25 instant rebate) And here's a rundown of extra coupons set to be offered through the LeEco Spin to Win Wheel:  - An additional $20 off phones - An additional $50 off Super4 X55 - An additional $150 off Super4 X65 - $1,000 of uMax85 - $20 off CDLA Earphones Beyond the Tax Refund Sales Event, LeEco has also announced new retailer partnerships with HSN and Walmart. Likewise, the brand can also be found through Amazon.com, Target.com, Best Buy (in-store and online), Fry's (in-store and online), BrandsMart USA (in-store and online), and Red Pocket Mobile. Source: LeEco  See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions. Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: LeEco, rebates, Sales, Deals, discounts, 4K, Ultra HD, HDR, Smartphones, Mobile (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD Tales from the Hood: Collector's Edition 3.5 Stars Lifeboat 3.5 Stars Dakota 3 Stars Sword Master 3 Stars Split 3.5 Stars Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them - 3D 4 Stars Monster Trucks 3 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars Planet Earth II - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Why Him? - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars Furious 7 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars Fast & Furious 6 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Disney Unveils 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Teaser Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Before I Fall,' 'Fist Fight,' '1492' and More Paramount Reveals New Trailer for 'Transformers: The Last Knight' Hong Sangsoo's Critically-Acclaimed 'Right Now, Wrong Then' Headed for Blu-ray 'South Park: The Complete Twentieth Season' Dated and Detailed for Blu-ray Blue Underground Preps Dario Argento's 'The Stendhal Syndrome' for a Limited Edition Blu-ray Release Elliott Lester's 'Aftermath' Starring Arnold Schwarzenegger Blu-ray Bound 'King of Hearts: 50th Anniversary Edition' Announced for Blu-ray The Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band: Super Deluxe Edition' Blu-ray Announced Marvel Releases Teaser Trailer for 'Thor: Ragnarok' View All ULTRA HD 'The Fate of the Furious' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'The LEGO Batman Movie' Announced for Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Bridge on the River Kwai' and 'The Godfather' Prepped for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Ultra HD Blu-ray (3D Included) and Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Pre-Orders Live Ridley Scott's 'Prometheus' Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Dated & Detailed for Ultra HD Blu-ray 'John Wick: Chapter 2' Ultra HD Blu-ray & Blu-ray Fully Detailed 'The Boss Baby' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order 'Despicable Me' & 'Despicable Me 2' Head to Ultra HD Blu-ray with Dolby Vision View All HD GEAR Streaming News Roundup: 'Master of None,' 'Sense8,' Catastrophe,' and More HD Gear News Roundup: Week of April 9th, 2017 – Onkyo Receiver, BenQ Monitor, and More LeEco Announces Tax Refund Deals Event for Ultra HD TVs & Smartphones, Sale Starts April 14 HDD Gear Deals: Up to 62% off 4K Ultra HD TVs from Sony, Samsung, and LG Samsung Releases 2017 MU Series Ultra HD TVS with HDR, Prices Start at $549 Screen Innovations Introduces Acoustically Transparent Projector Screen Material LeEco Updates 4K Ultra HD Android TV Lineup with Enhanced HDR Support and More Hisense Set to Sponsor 2018 FIFA World Cup Google Launches Live YouTube TV Streaming Service, Monthly Plan Set for $35 Sling TV Adds Showtime Channel Package for $10 per Month View All THE BONUS VIEW ‘The Fate of the Furious’ Review: Big, Bald, Bad and Back ‘Black Code’ Review: Hardwired Paranoia Easter Weekend Movies: No Fate But What We Make ‘Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.’ 4.17 Recap: “The Soap Made Me Do It” ‘Their Finest’ Review: Heartwarming Pap with a Twist ‘Bates Motel’ 5.08 Recap: “I’ll Tell You Everything” ‘Maudie’ Review: Heartfelt but Oddly Uncomfortable Poll: Rank the Furiouses ‘Legends of Tomorrow’ 2.17 Recap: “Bad Things Happened and It Sucked” Weekend Box Office: Nobody Puts Baby in a Corner View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
null
MENU GO 67 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa component-ddb-728x90-v1-01-desktop Family of AMBER Alert accused kidnapper: Do the right thing by WLOS STAFF "I hope that he realizes that we're still here, and that it makes him realize that if he comes home, that he's not coming home to nothing," said Cummins' wife, Erica Osborne. (Photo credit: WLOS staff) AA COLUMBIA, Tenn. (WLOS) —  The family of an accused kidnapper from Tennessee who's still on the run is speaking out. RELATED | Wife of man wanted in Tenn. AMBER Alert pleads to turn himself in, bring girl home safe Teacher Tad Cummins and his former student, 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, disappeared on March 12, 2017, triggering a nationwide AMBER Alert. Investigators say there's evidence Cummins searched the internet using terms like "Age of consent" and "How to marry a teen." Now his wife and two daughters say they want him to do the right thing, and that they will be supportive. "I hope that he realizes that we're still here, and that it makes him realize that if he comes home, that he's not coming home to nothing," said Cummins' daughter, Erica Osborne. Cummins and Thomas were last seen in a Walmart surveillance camera video from Oklahoma City. That was a month ago Saturday, and almost 700 miles away from Columbia, Tennessee. close Trending 1   Crews airlift man from DuPont State Forest 2   Nashville country star Meghan Linsey shares horrifying spider bite photos 3   Police say Asheville man broke into home, terrorized occupant 4   State forest ranger and wife set up Easter egg hunts to raise money to adopt a child 5   911 call: Man nearly crushed in garbage truck DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO News In Pictures Nashville country star Meghan Linsey shares horrifying spider bite photos Family: Local 8-year-old catches 6-pound brook trout Gallery: Victoria's Secret Angels descend on Coachella State forest ranger and wife set up Easter egg hunts to raise money to adopt a child ShareTweet × Trending 1 Crews airlift man from DuPont State Forest 2 Nashville country star Meghan Linsey shares horrifying spider bite photos 3 Police say Asheville man broke into home, terrorized occupant 4 State forest ranger and wife set up Easter egg hunts to raise money to adopt a child 5 911 call: Man nearly crushed in garbage truck 6 Saturday is Tax Day! Or is it? 7 Funeral set for Upstate officer killed in crash 8 Crews respond to large brush fire in Haywood County 9 Missing Tennessee woman was planning a visit to Asheville to see her daughter 10 Dobson Knob Fire now 77 percent contained, but smoke causes Code Yellow AQ for all of WNC
Hot Topics: Aravind Elongovan found dead Witnesses sought in shooting Johnnie St. Vrain: Tables to Teacups Armed-robbery sentence News tips Amid fire recovery, Longmont's Safe Shelter asking for community's support By Amelia Arvesen Staff Writer Posted:   04/13/2017 04:30:52 PM MDT Updated:   04/13/2017 09:26:32 PM MDT Safe Shelter of St. Vrain Valley's Emergency Shelter is asking the community for donations to help replace what was destroyed by soot and smoke during a cooking fire April 2, according to a news release. Appliances and cabinets were burned and toxic particles destroyed the entire stock of refrigerated and dry goods, therapeutic toys, books and appliances among other items — enough to temporarily close the residential facility for women and their children fleeing domestic abuse. "The shelter is expected to reopen within the next two weeks after the extensive cleaning and painting has been completed," the release stated. The families at the 31-bed facility were temporarily housed at other shelters throughout the Front Range and Denver metro area, the release said. Transportation was set up so children could attend their current schools, the release also said. The Safe Shelter is requesting that anyone wanting to help should bring a check between 9 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. to the nonresidential facility at 82 21st Ave. in Longmont; mail a check to P.O. Box 231, Longmont 80502; or donate online at safeshelterofstvrain.org. Once reopened, the shelter will need frozen meat, chicken and gift cards to Walmart and Sam's Club. "While the property is covered by insurance, there will be significant losses and unforeseen expenses," the release stated. Advertisement Amelia Arvesen: 303-684-5212, arvesena@times-call.com or twitter.com/ameliaarvesen Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont dishes out delight with Easter fest Gofundme account set up for family of Longmont teen found dead U.S. Rep. Ken Buck attends town hall meeting in Longmont   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Sunday, April 16, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets The hidden persuaders of the environmental elite by Ron Arnold | Aug 5, 2014, 6:49 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn Most of EGA's foundation members have similar million-dollar dirty little secrets, but their tax-exempt activist recipients are not morally conflicted by taking fossil fuel cash and keeping it a secret as long as it furthers their corrosive goals. (Photo: iStock) America’s environmental agenda is set by elite foundations that decide which activists get the money. And they form “affinity groups” to collude with President Obama’s bureaucracy, which funnels tax dollars to Democratic advocates to enforce that agenda. Meet the conservation cash cartel of the uber-rich: the Environmental Grantmakers Association, a veteran organization (founded 1985) of more than 200 ultra-wealthy foundations caught in the spotlight of a new 92-page report exposing Big Green wealth eating away America’s industrial strength. This is the same EGA that emerged during the Senate confirmation hearings for Rhea Sun Suh, the Interior Department’s new head of national parks and the Fish and Wildlife Service — a veteran EGA member who invited colleagues to come visit her any time. Suh once worked for the Packard Foundation on programs to block oil and gas production in the West. Ironically, Packard’s investment portfolio — the profits from which the foundation pays its anti-oil and gas grants — holds more than $350,000 in ExxonMobil shares, and millions in dozens of other lesser-known fossil fuel securities. Most of EGA’s foundation members have similar million-dollar dirty little secrets, but their tax-exempt activist recipients are not morally conflicted by taking fossil fuel cash and keeping it a secret as long as it furthers their corrosive goals. The convoluted ethics that Greenpeace, for example, concocts in order to show how its oil-soaked funding — when exposed — is purified by the intent of the giver are classic unintentional self-parody. The new report is titled “The Chain of Environmental Command: How a Club of Billionaires and Their Foundations Control the Environmental Movement and Obama’s EPA,” and was produced by the Republican staff of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee under the direction of Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana, the committee's ranking minority member. Its executive summary states, “an elite group of left-wing millionaires and billionaires, which this report refers to as the 'Billionaire’s Club,' directs and controls the far-left environmental movement, which in turn controls major policy decisions and lobbies on behalf of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.” Having researched that topic for decades, I was impressed by the scope and detail of the oversight team’s work, and asked Vitter how he felt about it. “This report really gets to the core of tracking the money and exposing the collusion," Vitter told me. "The complicated, layered system is intended to create a lack of transparency. There is an unbelievable amount of money behind the environmental movement and far too much collusion between far-left environmental groups and the Obama EPA." The collusion is like something out of a bad spy movie. Vitter’s oversight team uncovered a June 2009 deal in which the Rockefeller Family Fund offered then-EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson to pay for a plant inside the President’s Council on Environmental Quality to “stake the EPA’s claim there,” and then slip the shill into a pre-arranged EPA job, giving the agency a White House insider on staff — and, not coincidentally, tightening the Rockefeller power grip over the EPA. Jackson wrote her chief of staff Diane Thompson, “I think it’s a fine idea and can only help EPA in the long run” — using her fake Richard Windsor email account – and Thompson replied, “My thoughts exactly. The more inside connections the better.” The Rockefeller shill was Shalini Vajjhala, who agreed to leave her minor position at Resources for the Future, a Washington think tank, for a two-month stint at the CEQ (with the pretentious title of "deputy associate director for energy and climate"). Then the EPA slipped her in as deputy assistant administrator of the Office of International & Tribal Affairs. Vajjhala remained until her 2011 appointment as EPA’s special representative leading a presidential U.S.-Brazil initiative. After Vajjhala cycled through the White House and EPA, she got her personal reward in 2012: approval to found and manage a new investment portfolio supported by the Rockefeller Foundation (the original 1913 John D. Rockefeller philanthropy, not the fourth generation’s Family Fund — there are many Rockefeller tentacles). Vajjhala now contributes to the Huffington Post, funded in part by the Park Foundation. EGA foundations are metastasizing into hundreds of far-left funds. The report drills into the Sea Change Foundation, “a private California foundation, which relies on funding from undisclosed donors and funnels tens of millions of dollars to other foundations and prominent environmental activists who strive to control both policy and politics.” There is an incredible seedbed of Sea Change front groups: Bill Gates’ foundation gave Sea Change Capital Partners $2.5 million; eBay’s Omidyar Network Fund gave the same partners $2 million; David Rockefeller’s personal foundation gave to the Center for Sea Change. Walmart’s foundation gave $500,000 to Strategies for the Global Foundation Sea Change, an international tentacle into the White House. But it’s not just the environment. The Crime Prevention Research Center, a nonprofit that tracks gun control activists, reported, "On January 8th, 2013, the Obama Administration met with 23 large foundations to organize a push for national gun control. They included such organizations as the Open Society Institute, the McCormick Foundation, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation” and the MacArthur Foundation. Foundations appear to be colluding with almost every department of the Obama administration. And it’s not just the Big Green donors. It’s time for Congress to hear testimony from a sampling of manipulative foundation program directors and investment managers explaining themselves to those whose lives they influence. RON ARNOLD, a Washington Examiner columnist, is executive vice president of the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise. Rhea Suh Transparency Energy and Environment Columnists Ron Arnold Opinion Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 10 hours ago Maxine Waters: 'I will fight every day' until Trump is impeached 16 hours ago Joe Biden adds Morgan State commencement to speaking circuit 1 day ago Trump posts $42 million in huge first quarter fundraising haul 1 day ago Trump's campaign committee paid Bannon's political consultancy $28,000 in January 1 day ago This airline is giving passengers up to $9,950 if they get bumped from a flight 3 hours ago White House, GOP prepare for spending battle, healthcare push during recess 1 day ago Trump is taking advantage of a court decision by Merrick Garland 1 day ago Trump hires at only half the pace of previous presidents 1 day ago Trump's Export-Import Bank reversal leaves conservatives dumbfounded 1 day ago Syria: Turkey shouldn't help in chemical attack investigation 1 day ago White House to weigh Paris climate exit next week 1 day ago Is outdated technology causing a public health crisis? 1 day ago House Democrat says he fears Trump will bomb North Korea 'to build up his popularity' 1 day ago Why the infamous United passenger should have followed the police's orders 1 day ago Regional banks ask bipartisan duo to let them out of 'too big to fail' category 1 day ago Navy bans e-cigarettes from its ships, equipment About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Sunday, April 16, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Pro-Sanders union switches to Clinton by Sean Higgins | Jul 11, 2016, 10:42 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn "We know that elections are about choices. The contrast between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, couldn't be greater," the union said. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall, File) The Communications Workers of America, the largest union to back Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic presidential primary, announced Monday that it was now officially backing presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton. In its announcement, CWA said the prospect of Republican candidate Donald Trump winning the White House prompted it to switch. "We know that elections are about choices. The contrast between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, couldn't be greater. ... Hillary Clinton is thoughtful and experienced. Donald Trump is reckless, unthinking and much more likely to cut a deal with his billionaire colleagues than look out for working families," the announcement said. CWA was one of the most outspoken unions calling for a more radical candidate, and announced in December it was backing Sanders. "He's the candidate who can do it, and we are going to help him. When CWA endorses a candidate it is just the beginning. Our 700,000 members are fired up, and we are going to work overtime to elect Bernie Sanders as the next President of the United States," the group said then. Clinton said she was honored to have the endorsement. "As president, I will always stand with the CWA to protect workers' fundamental rights to organize, to bargain collectively, to be safe on the job, and to retire with dignity and security after years of hard work. I was proud to join the CWA on the picket line this year as they stood up to Verizon and fought for a fair deal," she said. Clinton also reiterated her opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation trade deal that the Obama administration negotiated. As Obama's secretary of state, Clinton had been involved in the agreement, but she opposed it last year after unions cited it as one of their top issues for the 2016 election. "Any trade deal must meet three tests to earn my support: It must create good American jobs, raise wages, and advance our national security. I do not believe that the Trans-Pacific Partnership meets this high standard. That's why I oppose the TPP — and that means before and after the election," she said. Clinton has long had a rocky relationship with the union movement. She is a former board member of Walmart, which organized labor despises for its opposition to collective bargaining. Her husband Bill Clinton signed the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993, which many unions blame for job losses. When Clinton and Sanders met last year with the executive board of the AFL-CIO, the nation's largest labor federation, the board declined to endorse either candidate. The AFL-CIO did eventually endorse Clinton in June, well after it was clear she would be the Democratic nominee. Bernie Sanders Endorsements Campaigns 2016 Elections Hillary Clinton Labor Labor unions Sean Higgins Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 18 hours ago The Trump White House Week In Review: Week 12 20 hours ago North Korea parades long-range missiles amid rising regional tensions 1 day ago NRA taps Trump to speak at annual gathering 1 day ago Syria: Turkey shouldn't help in chemical attack investigation 1 day ago White House to weigh Paris climate exit next week 1 day ago Bernie Sanders gives the scoop to Ben & Jerry's employees 1 day ago ACLU: Trump won't release visitor logs because he has 'many things to hide' 1 day ago Samuel L. Jackson lends voice to 'Stop Donald Trump' in Georgia special election 1 day ago Apple secures permit to test self-driving cars in California 1 day ago This is why rest areas on federal highways are so boring 1 day ago US commander didn't ask permission to drop 'the Mother of All Bombs' 1 day ago 'You fly!': Watch Rep. Joe Wilson take a back seat ride in a Lockheed jet 1 day ago Afghanistan commander, not Trump, approved massive bomb strike, reports say 1 day ago Regional banks ask bipartisan duo to let them out of 'too big to fail' category 1 day ago Beware the unintended consequences of raising the legal vaping age 1 day ago Trump finally refocuses on Obamacare overhaul About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Phone: 1-866-770-2032 Email Bill Marler Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Follow Bill Marler on Twitter Food Poisoning Resources Food Poison Journal Food Poisoning Outbreaks and Litigation: Surveillance and Analysis Home About About the Authors Services Topics Food Poisoning Resources Food Poisoning Information Food Poisoning Watch Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Policy & Regulation Food Recall Archives Contact Presented By Marler Clark The nation’s foremost law firm with a practice dedicated to representing victims of foodborne illness Home > Foodborne Illness Outbreaks > Salmonella in Cole County Missouri Salmonella in Cole County Missouri Posted By Anthony Marangon on April 14, 2017 ABC17 News reports that a number of confirmed and suspected cases of Salmonella have been seen in Cole County this week. Cole County Health Department Director Kristi Campbell told ABC17 News the department has not pinpointed a source of the salmonella contamination. Other sources tell ABC17 News that the number of people affected is approaching 2 dozen. The Centers for Disease Control says that most people infected have symptoms of diarrhea, fever and stomach cramps within 12 to 72 hours after infection. The illness lasts 4 to 7 days and most people recover without treatment but in some the diarrhea may be severe enough hospitalization is needed due in large part to dehydration concerns. Salmonella:  Marler Clark, The Food Safety Law Firm, is the nation’s leading law firm representing victims of Salmonella outbreaks. The Salmonella lawyers of Marler Clark have represented thousands of victims of Salmonella and other foodborne illness outbreaks and have recovered over $600 million for clients.  Marler Clark is the only law firm in the nation with a practice focused exclusively on foodborne illness litigation.  Our Salmonella lawyers have litigated Salmonella cases stemming from outbreaks traced to a variety of foods, such as cantaloupe, tomatoes, ground turkey, salami, sprouts, cereal, peanut butter, and food served in restaurants.  The law firm has brought Salmonella lawsuits against such companies as Cargill, ConAgra, Peanut Corporation of America, Sheetz, Taco Bell, Subway and Wal-Mart. If you or a family member became ill with a Salmonella infection, including Reactive Arthritis or Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), after consuming food and you’re interested in pursuing a legal claim, contact the Marler Clark Salmonella attorneys for a free case evaluation. Tags: Salmonella Attorney, Salmonella Lawyer Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Article Spotlight Food Poison Journal Authors Drew Falkenstein Attorney Drew Falkenstein received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Washington in 1999 and his Juris Doctor degree in 2002 from Seattle University School of Law, where he graduated with honors. READ MORE Bill Marler Attorney Bill Marler is an accomplished personal injury lawyer and national expert on foodborne illness litigation. He began representing victims of food-borne illness in 1993, when he represented the most severely injured survivor of the Jack in the Box E. coli outbreak. Read More Bruce Clark Attorney In 1993, Bruce Clark became involved in foodborne illness litigation as an attorney for Jack in the Box restaurants in its E. coli O157:H7 personal injury litigation. The Jack in the Box litigation spanned more than four years and involved more than 100 lawsuits in four states. READ MORE Patti Waller Epidemiologist Patti Waller joined Marler Clark law firm in 2003 after working for twelve years in the Communicable Disease Program at the Washington State Department of Health. At the health department, Patti investigated food and water borne illnesses and outbreaks. READ MORE Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Food Poison Journal Archives Services About the Authors About Home Marler Clark The Food Safety Law Firm 1012 First Avenue, Fifth Floor Seattle WA 98104-1008 1-866-770-2032 OFFICE HOURS: M-F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, Pacific Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Copyright © 2017, Marler Clark, LLP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Design & Support By Lexblog
