News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Target, other retailers boost lobbying in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Dow Chemical v. Washington Rockies’ hot start ‘Dreamer’ deported Broncos schedule released Sanders backs Dems youth Vinyl revival Politics National Politics Target, other retailers boost lobbying in border-tax battle Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Ben Brody and Matt Townsend | The Washington Post April 21, 2017 at 11:12 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Colorado Starbucks barista has meltdown over Unicorn Frappuccino Broncos have toughest schedule in 2017, will open at home vs. Chargers Heroin laced with elephant tranquilizer 100 times more powerful than fentanyl found at scene of deaths in Eagle County Two arrested after gunfire near Denver’s 4/20 celebration; no one hurt 17 indicted in alleged Denver metro meth-cocaine ring with Mexican ties Remembering Columbine, 18 years later Three top U.S. retailers almost quadrupled their combined spending on lobbying in Washington during the first quarter of 2017, as they work to defeat a corporate-tax proposal that some have said threatens their industry. Target, Best Buy and Gap spent almost $3.2 million combined on lobbying during the quarter — up from $830,000 in the same period a year ago — according to federal lobbying disclosures filed Thursday. The retail industry’s top issue since President Donald Trump took office in January has been to defeat the border-adjusted tax that’s central to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s plan to overhaul the tax code. Trump himself hasn’t announced a position on the proposal, which would tax U.S. companies’ domestic sales and imports at 20 percent, while exempting their exports. Chains such as Target and Wal-Mart Stores, which rely on imported goods, have led the way in denouncing the measure. Both Target, which spent almost $1.3 million, and Gap, which spent $660,000, said in their filings that they had lobbied on the tax proposal. Best Buy, which spent more than $1.2 million, cited lobbying on “comprehensive tax reform” generally. Wal-Mart disclosed spending almost $2.2 million in the first quarter, an increase of $140,000 over the first quarter of 2016. Among the concerns it listed was the “House tax reform blueprint,” a document released in June that includes the BAT. Other concerns included prescription drug costs, the Dodd-Frank financial-regulatory law and the food-stamp program. The opponents say the BAT would hurt their businesses while increasing prices for U.S. consumers. Supporters, which include General Electric, say the tax would create an incentive to make products in the U.S. Because the border-adjustment provision is estimated to raise more than $1 trillion over 10 years, supporters also say the BAT is key to paying for a cut in the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. In addition to the increases for the four retailers, the National Retail Federation, one of the industry’s main advocacy arms, devoted $2.3 million to lobbying during the quarter, a slight increase from the approximately $2 million it spent the same period in 2016. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, another major advocacy group involved in the tax reform battle, allocated $680,000, up $20,000 from 2016. The lobbying figures are for all activities, rather than tax reform specifically, but it’s clear that the BAT is the retailers’ top lobbying objective, given past statements and the impacts they say it will have on their businesses. “No other issue galvanized the industry like this one,” Brian Dodge, RILA’s senior executive vice president of public affairs, said earlier this month. “Until the sponsors declare it dead, we will continue to fight against it.” In addition to retailers, the public filings show that the lobbying arm of Koch Industries Inc., which spent $3.1 million on lobbying during the quarter, kept an eye on House Republican’s tax blueprint that contains the BAT proposal. Billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, who have been major supporters of Ryan, are working to defeat the border-adjustment proposal. Related Articles April 20, 2017 Republicans consider deal on health-care bill April 17, 2017 Telecom lobbying muscle kills privacy rules April 17, 2017 Influence game: Telecom lobbying muscle kills privacy rules April 17, 2017 Editorial: Ken Buck takes a stand against corruption April 13, 2017 Ken Buck blasts fundraising culture of Washington Some companies supporting the tax, including Dow Chemical, have also increased their lobbying. Dow spent more than $5.2 million on lobbyists during the quarter, up from nearly $4.8 million in the first three months of 2016. Supporters General Electric and Eli Lilly increased their spending slightly, while Boeing decreased the money it put toward its lobbying. In addition to companies’ in-house lobbyists, some third-party firms have also joined the tax fight. Less than two weeks into Trump’s term, NRF hired the American Continental Group to work on tax issues, among other things, according to filings. The firm’s president, David Urban, was one of the architects of Trump’s crucial electoral win in Pennsylvania. — Bloomberg’s Bill Allison contributed. Tags:  lobbyists Target Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in National Politics Trump Jr.’s prairie dog hunt in Montana prompts backlash April 22, 2017, 12:50 am Donald Trump Jr. will be targeting more than just Montana’s Republican voters on Friday and Saturday when he helps Greg Gianforte campaign for an open U.S. House seat. Colorado residents press Congress to create new wilderness April 22, 2017, 12:16 am “We are not keeping pace. The fact that some of these bills have been out there for 10 years is obvious evidence of that. … We want Congress to move these bills.” – Scott Miller, regional director of the Wilderness Society Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau responds to Trump’s criticism of dairy industry April 21, 2017, 10:32 pm Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Friday that he plans to be respectful and engage the United States with a fact-based approach to solving problems a day after Donald Trump called Canada a “disgrace” for policies that hurt American farmers. U.S. Treasury rejects Exxon Mobil request to drill in Russia April 21, 2017, 9:45 pm The Trump administration has rejected a request from Exxon Mobil to waive U.S. sanctions against Russia to allow the company to resume oil drilling around the Black Sea. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!' Aaron Hernandez 'murdered his friend Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to charge Assange Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old student he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furniture-less cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different skin tones  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine years but was put back inside when he was caught Harvard students are handed university-sponsored flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for the first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweats and slippers before going shoe shopping  United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill O'Reilly's primetime slot on Monday Navy SEAL who made a cell phone 'video of him sexually touching a young girl' is arrested for child pornography Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing three white people at random' The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how eyesight differs across many species How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals when triggered to decompose their prey I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil his reform plan for businesses and individuals next week before his 100th day in office Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Previous Next The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Tad Cummins, 50, was arrested after he had been on the run for more than a month after kidnapping former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15 A 29-year-old cabin caretaker originally from Tennessee helped police in northern California arrest him The caretaker, Griffin Barry, says Cummins and the girl came through the area two weeks ago looking for a commune They came back on Tuesday, when the commune turned them down   Barry says he let the two stay in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work Cabins had no furniture and the teacher and his kidnapped student slept on the floor Wednesday night, a neighbor showed Barry a picture of the missing couple and he immediately recognized them  He then called 911 and police arrested Cummins in a raid the next morning    By Ashley Collman and Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 23:16 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 02:47 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail 374 shares 116 View comments A Tennessee teacher who spent over a month hiding in a cabin with his 15-year-old student subsisted on meager items as law enforcement was actively searching for him. Tad Cummins, 50, was taken into custody Thursday morning by a SWAT team who surrounded the unfinished cabin in Cecilville, California where he was staying with missing teen Elizabeth Thomas.  According to an inventory of items confiscated from the cabin by the FBI, there were four bedrolls, two vacuum filters, coconut oil, and socks. The FBI also confiscated beer cans and tissues. Scroll down for video  Tad Cummins (left) said he was 'glad' that his month-and-a-half flight from justice was over when he was arrested for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) Thursday Cummins and Thomas subsisted on meager items during the course of their stay in the cabin According to an inventory of items confiscated from the cabin by the FBI, there were four bedrolls, two vacuum filters, coconut oil, and socks. The FBI also confiscated beer cans and tissues Saw this in cabin. What FBI investigators confiscated from Cabin where accused kidnapper and teacher Tad Cummins stayed w 15-year-old. pic.twitter.com/gCa2a0nGKJ— Sara Sidner (@sarasidnerCNN) April 22, 2017 The northern California caretaker who helped police arrest Cummins has spoken out to detail how he helped police arrest the fugitive. Police got a tip about Cummins' whereabouts the previous night from the caretaker of the cabin, 29-year-old Griffin Barry.  Barry, who is originally from Nashville, said he let the couple stay in the cabin in exchange for work and realized who the two were when a neighbor showed him a picture of Thomas' missing person poster.  That's when it all came together for Barry and he called to tip off police. Looking back, he said there was something suspicious about the couple.   Griffin Barry, 29 (pictured), helped police arrest Cummins when he noticed him in a missing persons poster Cummins continued to drive his Nissan Rogue the whole time, but removed the license plates 'She spoke very few words and he would try and like, talk for her a lot,' Barry told KRCR. 'He was likely clearly keeping her separate.'  Barry says the two first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune, and were going by the names John and Joanna.  The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune.   'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you you, know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN.  Cummins and Thomas did in fact make it to the commune, but the members there sensed something was off with the two and decided against letting them into the group.  Found: The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after the shack's caretaker recognized Cummins' car. He called police on Wednesday Barry let the couple stay in one of the unfinished cabins after they were turned down from a commune in the area  Above, investigators at the scene of the cabin on Friday  'I feel a little funny because there were all kinds of indications that there was something a little funny going on never occurred to me that she was 15 year old, they said she was 22, I thought…yeah,' member Peter LaughingWolf said. LaughingWolf said that after telling Cummins that they wouldn't be a good fit, he stormed off with Thomas.  'What really should have been a clue that something was wrong was that he got so angry when that was shared with them,' added LaughingWolf.  After getting kicked out of the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on Tuesday, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work. 'In my head I'm thinking he had a house fire and lost everything,' Barry said. 'I came out here on a prayer and people helped me out and got me on my feet and hopefully I can pass it on.' Fled: The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Barry, right, appeared on Good Morning America Friday morning to detail how he helped police nab Cummins  Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday, saying they had not yet been able to talk to her. Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Barry said he rarely interacted with Thomas during the couple's 36-hour stay at the property.  'He would talk for her a lot and kept her separate, you know,' Barry told WBIR. 'And a couple of times he always kept her in the car and he would be like 'she's asleep,' you know, and I'm like okay. I was kind of telling some people , you know, she never really looks at me and she's always talking for her. I was like, whatever, they're on hard times or something." It wasn't until Wednesday night that he finally recognized Cummins and the girl, when a neighbor showed him a missing persons picture.  'Someone was showing me a picture, I was telling them you know and said 'That's the guy,"' he said. 'So we called 911 last night and we were calling that Tennessee Bureau of Investigation line or whatever so I guess the first sheriff got out here at about 2am.' The neighbor reportedly got suspicious about the couple's car, a silver Nissan Rogue. It was the same car the couple went missing in, and the plate's had been removed.  After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, SWAT teams formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to walk out around 4am. After a while, they brought in Barry to help speed up the process.  'I was driving by trying to flush him out. [Sheriff's deputies] were like, "honk the horn!"' Barry said. 'I'm glad I got to help.' As Cummins was taken into custody, he reportedly remarked 'I'm glad this is over'.  Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed' according to police, and had a mixed emotional reaction. 'It was an intense situation,' Lt Behr Tharsing, of the Siskiyou County Police, told Good Morning America on Friday. 'She was laughing, she was crying, she was kind of an emotional rollercoaster as you can imagine.' Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. Last sighting: The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture Jason Whately, the attorney representing the Thomas family, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest. Maps were found in Cummins' car for both San Francisco and Baltimore.  Both remain in Siskiyou County as of Friday morning. After an interview with police, Thomas is expected to be sent home to her family in Tennessee Friday morning. Her father, Anthony, told Good Morning America on Friday that the family still hasn't been able to speak to Elizabeth yet and that he believes she may have been brainwashed.  Cummins was set to appear in Siskiyou County court on Friday, but that appearance was cancelled. Instead, he has been put in federal custody and is being moved to Sacramento where a new hearing is scheduled for Monday. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Two Tennessee men try to run each other over in insane brawl Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee... 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who kidnapped... School teacher, 56, tried to seduce a 16-year-old student Share this article Share 374 shares He has been charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor in Lawrence County, Tennessee. The aggravated kidnapping charge carries an eight to 12 year sentence.  In Siskiyou County, California, where the cabin is located, he may be charged with kidnapping and possession of stolen property, pending review by the county's district attorney. And the US State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse. A criminal complaint released Friday has also revealed new details about Cummins.  It says that before leaving town, he refilled his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction. He also picked up KY Jelly, a personal lubricant, during a stop at Walmart in Oklahoma with Thomas.   That charge alone has a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years in prison. It could take several weeks for Cummins to be extradited to Tennessee, said US attorney Jack Smith. Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. 'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.' Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court. However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak. 'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added. Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away. 'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT GIVES DETAILED TIMELINE OF COUPLE'S MONTH ON THE RUN  New details are being released about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teacher and student who were found hiding out in a remote California cabin on Thursday after more than a month on the run. On Friday, a copy of the FBI's criminal complaint against Cummins was released, detailing the events leading up to the alleged couple's March 13 disappearance and what authorities know so far about their weeks on the lam.  Maury County Police first learned about the couple's illicit relationship on January 30, from the school resource officer assigned to the Culleoka Unit School. The officer relayed that a 12-year-old student told him he or she walked into a classroom and witnessed Cummins kissing Thomas on January 23. 'The student described the kiss as a romantic peck rather than a father-daughter type kiss,' Detective Jonthan R. Hardison wrote in the complaint. The student said that he or she went to confront Cummins with another student after school. 'The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife, but indicated that [Thomas] sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that [she] had a troubled past,' the report says. On January 31, detectives interviewed Thomas about the allegations, and she said the two never kissed. She told officers that she went into Cummins classroom after getting into an altercation with another teacher about using the bathroom and that he comforted her. Thomas 'advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down'. That same day, Thomas' father let officers look at his daughter's cellphone, and they saw that she had been in 'brief contact' with Cummins that day. Officers interviewed Cummins the next day, and he too denied that they had kissed, saying that instead he was like a 'father figure' to the girl. Cummins was allowed to keep teaching at the school while the district investigated the claims, but just two days after his interview with police, he got in trouble again for being with Thomas in a classroom. A school official called police on February 3, saying that the two had been alone in a classroom for 30 minutes, despite Cummins' orders to stay away from the girl. Detectives reviewed surveillance footage and found that the two had indeed been in a classroom together, and that other students were present. The school suspended Cummins on February 6 for the matter. It's still unclear when exactly Cummins started plotting his escape with Thomas, but he did refill his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction - three days before leaving, his wife Jill revealed. He also took out a $4,500 loan a week before his disappearance, which was supposed to help him and his wife get by while he was out of the job. His wife said that she noticed the money missing after her husband left. Police believe Cummins and Thomas met up at Shoney's Restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee the morning of March 13. A friend reportedly picked up Thomas from her house and dropped her off at the restaurant around 8am. Meanwhile, surveillance footage showed Cummins filling his wife's Nissan Rogue up with gas at a Shell station next to the restaurant around 8:30am. He was seen leaving the station five minutes later in the direction of Shoney's. The morning that Cummins went missing, he lied to his wife about going to a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. When she returned home, she found a note from her husband saying he was 'travelling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind'. 'He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call the police,' the complaint says. 'Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him.' Mrs Cummins followed the letter and did not call police that night. But Thomas' father immediately got police involved, calling to report his daughter missing around 10:30pm that night. Mr Thomas told officers that he feared his daughter might be missing with Cummins. The following morning, around 7:30am, Mrs Cummins finally called to report her husband missing. She told police about the letter he left behind and the missing money. She also added that two handguns, clothes and some toiletry items were also missing from the home. After an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, tips started streaming into the FBI hotline. One of the early reports came from a Motel 8 employee who found Tad Cummins' name in the national database.  Police learned that Cummins stayed at a location in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15 and 16, renting a room with a single queen-sized bed. Employees at the location said that Cummins asked for directions to a Walmart. Police later obtained surveillance footage showing the two shopping at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15, in which they bought hair dye to alter their appearance. After checking out of that Motel 8 on March 16, the couple moved west to Guymon, Oklahoma - about a five hour's drive away - where they checked into another Motel 8. Again, they rented a room with only one bed, and stayed there for a night - checking out on March 17.  They also shopped at another Walmart, this time picking up women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly - a personal lubricant used for sex. Police reportedly obtained surveillance footage of this March 16 trip but have not released it to the public. Cummins was finally taken into custody on Thursday, after police received a tip from a caretaker in northern California, who said the two were staying in an unfinished cabin on his property.  FULL CRIMINAL COMPLAINT:     Read more: Cabin caretaker called in tip about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas | WBIR.com 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in Calif. - CNN.com Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California - ABC News Man who lent cabin to kidnapper says he called authorities - KRCR Nashville native helped lead police to Tad Cummins, Elizabeth Thomas | WKRN News 2 Share or comment on this article e-mail 374 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Attempted rapist runs from police moments before being arrested Crewman jumps from cargo ship to save whale tangled in net Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Hilarious footage of a screaming man experiencing labour pains Film makers expose 'major new developments' in McCann case Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police Robert Irwin and Jimmy play with baby bears on The Tonight Show Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten... Australian TV company claim to have 'major breakthrough'... Bisexual female teacher, 45, who had a four-in-a-bed orgy... EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his... 'It felt like my face was eating itself': Nightclub acid... Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of... 'I'd expect a smack if I started it - but I didn't':... 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon... Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive... Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for... Dramatic moment police chase and catch would-be rapist... American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with... 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped... Landlady, 47, who crammed FOUR bedsits into a garden shed... Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his... Is Ferne fleeing the country? Reality star 'spotted at an... Fraudster spent £100,000 of stolen taxpayers' cash on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 119 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte She is suing her for defamation 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style Wizards Of Waverly Place's David Henrie marries former beauty queen Maria Cahill with co-star and friend Selena Gomez watching on How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties My biggest fans! Chris Pratt shares a kiss with proud wife and adorable son Jack cheers him on while receiving star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame  Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes before killing himself - to his fiancée,  his young daughter... and to his gay jailhouse LOVER NFL Network reporter says Aaron Hernandez had threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes REVEALED: Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress who works for a nonprofit (and not as a stripper)... as La La 'gets primary custody of son' Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii Oscar-winner and Mad About You star loves to go surfing Who's that girl? As Gigi Hadid turns 22, FEMAIL rounds up the model's most surprising beauty moments, from a faux PIXIE CUT to unicorn make-up Simon Cowell spends $640,000 on in-house security including a panic room and baseball bat after a serial burglar raided his home  Terrifying raid Amanda Bynes looks healthy as she goes on hike with gal pal in LA after troubled times The 31-year-old actress need psychiatric treatment in 2014 'Would you ask a man that?' Blake Lively scolds reporter for asking her about her outfit at star-studded Power Of Women lunch  Won't talk fashion 'Your daddy been talking s**t all night!' Married at First Sight couple instantly connects after meeting at altar - but their dads  feud at reception SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Moves like Jagger Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  Style Swoon: From Shay Mitchell's spring trench coat to Kourtney Kardashian's figure-flattering jeans, FEMAIL rounds up the fashions that caught our attention As Emma Watson and Anne Hathaway continue to step out sporting sustainable fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven eco-friendly brands for YOU to shop She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off new cropped hairstyle after shortening her trademark locks for latest film role EXCLUSIVE: How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed as a woman and was crushed when Kim discovered his secret then refused to engage with her as Caitlyn Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve evidence so they can investigate his death independently They want his murder conviction thrown out too It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon in NYC Made stylish appearance at bash at Cipriani  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  New insight Revealed: Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, died from 'accidental drug overdose' Body found in bedroom of Philadelphia home 'It has everything you need to forget about life for six minutes!' Jimmy Kimmel spoofs Unicorn Frappuccino craze with a vile 'F***-it-ccino' creation in parody Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap Pair got very playful Anne Hathaway says she 'disliked herself intensely' while growing up and thought she'd never be happy, as she admits to an 'unhealthy' relationship with alcohol Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress in New York City Just turned 41 EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart! Tyga embraces Jenner lookalike after split Curvy brunette is a former Hooter's waitress Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born Remake of 1976 flick set for release in 2018 Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York City With Rosario Dawson Lobster salad, lamb chops and Trump's best Elvis impression: Behind scenes of 'S***kicker' evening president spent with Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin Ivanka Trump fails to raise a smile as she leaves her D.C. home after White House released details about official trip to Germany as 'First Daughter' ''I don't starve myself': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe hits back after fans claim tiny waist snaps send bad message to young girls  Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Headed to photo studio  'She's the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals he warned former Fox News boss Roger Ailes that Megyn Kelly  would betray him 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Pals with spaceman  A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish wedding of Rory McIlroy and Florida blonde Erica Stoll  George Lopez and D.L. Hughley get matching tattoos in memory of the late Charlie Murphy The 57-year-old brother of Eddie Murphy died after battling leukemia Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the American  heroes who thwarted 2015 terrorist attack on Paris train  He met them last year  Transgender director of The Matrix Lana Wachowski meets Hillary Clinton in NYC before blasting President Trump on LGBT rights  From psychologist Queen Mathilde to finanical whizz Maxima, these are Europe's CLEVEREST royals (but how does Kate measure up?) 'I've never been out on a date!': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with much older boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 'Tis the seasoned!  Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume during episode of MasterChef Junior Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 with a day at the races - and a flashback photo of her as a babe-in-arms  Intimate family portrait 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Ran through 10 songs dating 1963-2016  Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old lookalike son Robert and Jimmy Fallon play with bear cubs on The Tonight Show Crikey, mate! 'We never really talked about our mom': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate joins them in new mental health video There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Charlie Hunnam looks suave as he poses at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized' 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine 'It was internalized misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Karlie Kloss shows off her supermodel legs in a bright color-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore La La Anthony 'gets primary custody of son in temporary agreement' after split from Carmelo as woman claims she's pregnant with basketball ace's baby Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in New York City Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with 'evidence' he was being targeted by a smear campaign EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS co-workers for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' They had a lot to say about her recent trip Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album  Former Glee star looking for a big hit EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor, left notes and hanged himself Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots thanks to Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'I am glad to have moved on': Maddie Ziegler is content after leaving Dance Moms and reveals shock in being cast as main star for Sia's Chandelier Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father, 72, is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar with bottles of alcohol by his side after a 'suspected overdose' Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards in Macau... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Mariah Carey has cozy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses Was also her manager Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cozies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Been married a year 'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night She writhed on stage Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek' Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal struggles they faced after fleeing Ukraine  Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl was lying She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on late night TV talk show Pet shop where Rocky Balboa met future wife Adrian in the classic films is demolished in Philadelphia Little piece of movie history gone forever 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles The couple eloped earlier this year EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide  The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood Looking for a replacement for Scott? Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot... after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking relaity show Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The 27-year-old starlet uncovered her body 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Happily pushed his young son through Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage From centerfold to ambassador: Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is Donald Trump's top pick to represent U.S. in New Zealand She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs  Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during 4/20 Plead The Fifth on Bravo's WWHL Talking about recreational drug use She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! Rare night out together In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates He's a doting son 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares sweet with 'W' during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait dishes on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Wore long sleeves pushed up to elbows      DON'T MISS 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty flashed some thigh Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children  Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event Left little to imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles Bandits struck model and romance novel heartthrob Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Former Victoria;s Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in New York City Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Said to be due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British TV presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Today's headlines Most Read American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about... WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to... Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how... Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different... How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still... Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine... Harvard sponsored organization hands out flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over... United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill... Navy SEAL indicted for producing child pornography after cell phone video 'shows him sexually touching a... Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected... The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns... 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing... The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how... How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals... I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID... Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil tax reform plan next week Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Treasury Department says ExxonMobil can't drill in Russia as government denies request from Secretary of... Obama's big comeback: Former president will speak for the first time since exiting office on Monday in... 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the... She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles from ear to ear as she models a bright floral frock... White House says it's confident the government won't shut down next week over a spending stalemate (but its... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten suicide note for his gay jailhouse LOVER - who is now on suicide watch - and two more for his fiancée and four-year-old daughter EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers before going shoe shopping Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals that he warned Roger Ailes about Megyn Kelly and told the former Fox News CEO that his network star would betray him 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks’ which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009 Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!'  'Who let her in? She is either SICK or a fraud!' White race faker Rachel Dolezal causes outrage as she lectures black South Africans about her 'struggle' with being 'trans black' Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film then forced her 'shaken' star do a rewrite Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for strength before battling for the right to pick a girl from their remote tribe The harsh reality of life under Jim Crow: Evocative color photographs show black workers toiling in cotton plantations while white farmers lounge in town  Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve prison evidence so they can investigate his death independently - and now they're petitioning to get his murder conviction thrown out too 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word EXCLUSIVE: Plastic wrap, Krazy Glue and silicone butt stick-ons - How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed himself as a woman and was crushed when Kim caught her but chose not to engage with her as Caitlyn Dictator's paradise: The secret retreat with 200ft pool yacht, waterslides and theme park rides where Kim Jong-un parties 'like it's Ibiza' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his blood and ate his HEART in horrific witchcraft ritual  Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart San Francisco comes to a standstill as power outage hits nearly 100,000 causing traffic chaos, trapping residents in elevators and even halting the city's famous cable cars 'If you f*** me over, I'll kill you': NFL Network reporter reveals how Aaron Hernandez had once threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes The smirking prostitutes and grinning madams of Montreal: 1940s mugshots reveal the women who turned the city into a sex capital MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 12 minutes to die Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million Latest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Paul Gatling (pgatling@nwabj.com) 13 hours ago 238 views  Tags: Beau Terre 0 SHARES Share Tweet For the second time in a week, a commercial real estate purchase in Bentonville has topped $20 million. Beau Terre, Northwest Arkansas’ largest office park, is now locally owned after being acquired for $24.4 million. The paperwork was filed at the Benton County Courthouse on Wednesday (April 19). It comes five days after a $25.1 million deal was closed transferring ownership of nine office buildings that make up the Bentonville South Industrial Park along Otis Corley Drive, just off Southeast 28th Street. Both Class B office developments are filled primarily by Wal-Mart Stores suppliers. Limited liability companies that include Patrick Byrd and Alex Baumeister, both of Rogers, and brothers Steven, Justin and Dallas Forsgren of Fort Smith — who own Forsgren Inc. general contractors — are the new owners of Beau Terre, which opened its doors two decades ago as the first office park specifically for vendors to Wal-Mart. The 35-building, 383,000-SF office park is just off Interstate 49 in Bentonville, intersected by Arkansas Highway 72. The park also includes onsite conveniences for tenants to take advantage of, including a daycare and fitness center, hotel and restaurant. The purchase price comes out to $63.70 per square foot. A five-year, $20.4 million mortgage from First National Bank of Fort Smith helped finance the acquisition. Granite Beau Terre Holdings LLC, an investment group managed by Sabal Financial Group LP, a Los Angeles-lender and distressed-debt investor, was the previous owner, acquiring the 79-acre property in September 2014 for $21.75 million. Byrd, CEO of Bentonville retail services firm 1912 Walton, said Beau Terre is about 70% occupied. 1912 Walton is one of the tenants, relocating recently from a North Walton Boulevard address. “Anytime you can buy property in Bentonville, Arkansas, it’s a good idea,” said Byrd, an active real estate investor for several years. He manages a large portfolio of real estate for several groups of people who own storage facilities, offices and duplexes. “North Bentonville, especially, is a growing area and we’re excited to have it. People need to come out and see that it’s not the old Beau Terre. It’s really, really nice out here. We’re focused on growing and providing value to our tenants.” Patrick Byrd Beau Terre was developed and opened in October 1994 by former Wal-Mart executive Colon Washburn and his wife, Dana Washburn, who also spent several years in merchandising, working for Sam’s Club. They later sold the development in June 2004 for $56.2 million to Behringer Harvard Funds of Dallas. Sabal bought the office park from Maryland-based CWCapital Asset Management, a special servicer that took the title of the property in the fall of 2011 in a foreclosure sale after Behringer Harvard defaulted on a $33 million loan tied to the property. Byrd said Beau Terre has 76 tenants including Maple Rugs, Helen of Troy, Accenture, Regus and Dean Foods. He said he wants to add to the tenant roster, and not just with Wal-Mart vendors. “We are getting phone calls from non-suppliers as well who are looking for space,” Byrd said. The new owners are also planning to make some infrastructure and aesthetic updates, Byrd said. Because there are a large number of tenants at Beau Terre who do business with Wal-Mart, he said the idea of developing some type of shuttle program is also being discussed. It would make stops at numerous Wal-Mart locations through the city (Home Office, Layout Center, etc.), where parking can be difficult at times. Byrd said he’s also looking into making Beau Terre’s leasing office a centralized drop-off point for Chef Shuttle, a restaurant delivery service. Byrd said Colliers International in Rogers will continue as Beau Terre’s property management and leasing agent. Comments comments Previous post Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 Next post Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care 11 hours ago Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low 12 hours ago Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation 13 hours ago Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million 13 hours ago Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 19 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,553 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,145 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,117 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,031 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,679 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
KEYC - Teen says man who stabbed her in Walmart is a stranger Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Smiles Beyond the Aisles Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Teen says man who stabbed her in Walmart is a stranger Posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 12:43 PM EDT Updated: Friday, April 21, 2017 12:43 PM EDT ST. CLOUD, Minn. (AP) - A girl who suffered stab wounds at a Walmart in St. Cloud says her attacker is a stranger. Police were called to the Walmart about 7:30 p.m. Thursday and found the 17-year-old St. Cloud girl with a stab wound to her left arm. She was treated at St. Cloud Hospital. WJON (http://bit.ly/2pLMMsI ) reports Walmart security contained the suspect in an area of the store. Authorities say he had discarded the knife used in the attack. Police officers arrived and arrested the suspect. The victim told officers she doesn't know the man and doesn't know why he attacked her. Information from: WJON-AM, http://www.wjon.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Business Retail Walmart Beckons Entrepreneurs With Latest ‘Made in America’ Push By Sheena Butler-Young / 14 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Walmart. AP Images. The world’s largest retailer is now accepting pitches from entrepreneurs across the country as it forges ahead with its strategy for creating more American jobs. Walmart this week issued its fourth open call for U.S.-made products, as part of a larger initiative that kicked off in 2013, when the company pledged to purchase $250 billion in products over the next 10 years that support the creation of American jobs. Related Opinion: FDRA's Matt Priest on Why Payless' Chapter 11 Lifeline Is Good for Our Industry “We are excited to once again invite businesses from all 50 states to meet with Walmart buyers, who have one goal in mind: to buy more American products for our stores, clubs and Walmart.com,” said Cindi Marsiglio, Walmart’s VP of U.S. manufacturing. “By investing in products that support American jobs, we are able to bring new products to our shelves that our customers want and new jobs to our communities. Increasing domestic manufacturing will help create additional jobs in the U.S., and that’s good for American businesses.” The open call beckons both current and potential U.S. suppliers. But the event — hosted at Walmart’s corporate offices in Bentonville, Ark., on June 28 — is centered around buyer meetings. Therefore, only suppliers accepted for a buyer meeting will be invited to attend, according to the company. Walmart also promises that attendees will hear an update from the company’s leadership about its progress on the ‘Made in America’ initiative, learn the latest customer insights on Walmart shoppers, and receive Supplier Academy learning sessions. The Bigger Picture While several U.S.-based firms have focused on made-in-America products, as well as creating more American jobs, over the years, the Trump administration’s rhetoric and several policy proposals have recently placed renewed focus on domestic manufacturing, albeit controversially. Matt Priest, president of Footwear Distributors & Retailers of America, said back in April that, despite President Trump’s protectionist rhetoric, several of his administration’s proposed policies — including a potential border adjusted tax (BAT) — could do more harm than good for U.S. consumers and corporations. “A lot of production here relies on foreign inputs, and [with the BAT], you won’t be able to deduct the cost of those inputs from federal income tax filing,” Priest said. “That’s going to hurt domestic manufacturing, but it’s marketed by the House Republicans as a ‘Made in the USA’ tax. Our supply chains are so integrated and diverse that it’s hard to separate rhetoric and understand where the policy will actually encourage domestic production.” — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Retail, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, FDRA, Matt Priest, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Sarah Jessica Parker Wears Teal Pumps for Subway Ride to ‘Hello, Dolly!’ Opening 13 Chic Bridesmaids Shoes Under $100 → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: April 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 04/12/2017 Read Now Tribeca Film Review: 'The Public Image Is Rotten' Supergirl Casts Smallville Actor as Kryptonian Supervillain… 'Fate Of The Furious' Drives Five Wide Releases Off The Road… AA Flight Attendant Threatens To Fight Passenger After 'Hitting'… Get 20 free heroes in 'Heroes of the Storm' just for logging in Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Walmart larceny suspects found with $500 worth of stolen meat, other items Friday Apr 21, 2017 at 12:27 PM Apr 21, 2017 at 12:28 PM A trio of local residents accused of shoplifting at a local Walmart Friday had more than $500 worth of meat and other items in their vehicle when they were stopped, the Oneida County Sheriff's Office said. Observer-Dispatch A trio of local residents accused of shoplifting at a local Walmart Friday had more than $500 worth of meat and other items in their vehicle when they were stopped, the Oneida County Sheriff's Office said. The three suspects, two from Utica and one from Blossvale, also are suspected in a series of additional larcenies in Rome and Utica, deputies said. Deputies were called to the Walmart Super Center in Rome just after 8 a.m. Friday for a larceny in progress and upon arrival were told the three suspects had fled the store in an older model green station wagon. The vehicle in question was spotted leaving the shopping plaza headed west on Rome Taberg Road, and was quickly pulled over, leading to the discovery of stolen goods, deputies said. Working with Walmart employees, deputies determined the stolen items were not from the Rome Walmart, however, but had instead been stolen from the Riverside Center Walmart in Utica. Each suspect was charged with misdemeanor fifth-degree criminal possession of stolen property and issued tickets to appear in Rome City Court at a later date, deputies said. They were then turned over to Utica police to face additional charges. The Observer-Dispatch does not generally name suspects charged with misdemeanors.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More 200th Anniversary Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news MV All-Stars Subscriber e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee Local News Fuquay-Varina Subway manager charged with sexually assaulting 3 female employees Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Steamy temps end over weekend as cold front brings cooler air, rain Sponsor Weather Come on! Arlene an unusual April tropical storm DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Carolina Panthers Panthers open in San Fran, get two prime time games in 2017 Triangle Sports Radio Drive Thru Hot Takes: Cam Newton dresses like a 'Unicorn Frappuccino" Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Judge orders Volkswagen to pay $2.8B in emission scandal Business US home sales shoot up to 10-year high Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Running our state into the ground PAIGE JOHNSON: Planned Parenthood in N.C. won't relent in efforts to provide women quality health care Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Lifestyles Match for mutts? New website helps people adopt the best dog Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Complete Coverage See the latest › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Local News Some Johnston County bus riders to lose service Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › 64° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 64° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-04-21 12:20:00 Updated: 2017-04-21 12:20:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Welcome couponers from the Southern Women's Show! Tags: Coupons, Printable coupons, Deals, Grocery deals, Freebies, Grocery coupons, Articles Posted 12:20 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17tK2 Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this New January printable & digital coupons! Couponing Abbreviations and Terms Price Book: Best prices for 2016 Swagbucks.com website Ibotta.com Here's a big welcome to everyone who is attending the classes at the Southern Women's Show this weekend! Read on for a number of resources that will help you get started in your couponing adventure and take you to the next level of saving! Smart Shopper on Facebook and Twitter: For those of you who enjoy social media, you can see the Smart Shopper posts on our Facebook page HERE and the Smart Shopper Twitter page HERE. Price Book: Click the link above to find my price book with the prices to look for when shopping for food and non-food essentials. You may want to print the list so you have it with your coupons while you are shopping. Drug Store coupon policies: CVS Coupon Policy can be found HERE Walgreens Coupon Policy can be found HERE Rite Aid Coupon Policy can be found HERE Printable coupon websites: Click the link for New January Printable Coupons in the section above for a list of printable coupon websites with great coupons every month. Couponing abbreviations: You will find that couponers speak their own language so it helps to know the lingo. Click the link in the box above for some help cracking the abbreviations code and deciphering the BOGO's from the ECB's. SavingStar cash back offers: With the cash back site SavingStar, you don't print out a coupon to redeem at the register. You enter your store reward card numbers on the SavingStar website (for those stores that have them), then load digital coupons to your reward cards, buy the participating products at any of the participating stores and then the coupon savings are added to your SavingStar account a couple weeks after your purchase. There are a number of participating SavingStar stores in our area including Harris Teeter, Lowes Foods, Food Lion, CVS, Walgreens, Target, Walmart, Kroger, Family Dollar and Rite Aid. With some of the stores (Target, Walmart, Walgreens, Kroger and Family Dollar), you will need to take a photo of the receipt through their app or website and submit it to get your cash back. Once you have accrued $5 worth of savings in your SavingStar account, you can cash the savings. You can choose to have the money deposited into your Paypal account or checking account or donate it to a non-profit organization. For more information and to sign up for this free cash back offer site, click HERE. Ibotta.com cash back offers: **** For a limited time, get a $10 sign-up bonus when you sign up with the ibotta app HERE start using the app and redeem a rebate! **** Get cash back on groceries with the ibotta. The first step is to sign up on their website HERE. Click Sign up with e-mail to register. Then you will need to download the app on your smartphone or other mobile device as well. Just go to the app store on your phone and look for ibotta. Once you have signed up and have downloaded the app, you are ready to score the digital coupons! Here's how it works: 1. Before shopping, choose your offers through the app on your smartphone. The more you choose, the more cash back you'll earn. For each offer, you will need to complete 2 or more simple tasks to increase the amount of your digital coupons. Some of the tasks include taking a 1 question poll, looking at a recipe or watching a video. 2. Go Shopping. Buy your chosen products at any of the major retailers that Ibotta supports. 3. Take a photo of your receipt. They will verify your purchases and credit your account right away (you do not have to do this step at Food Lion. See below for details). 4. Cash in your earnings when they reach $20 or more. The money is sent to your PayPal account or cashed in for a participating gift card. Participating stores: Ibotta works at many local retailers, restaurants, grocery and drug stores including these stores in our area: Harris Teeter, Target, Walmart, Kroger, CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid, Food Lion, and various restaurants and retail stores. Food Lion shoppers: You don't actually have to scan your receipt at Food Lion. Once you have signed up and downloaded the app, go to the Food Lion section on the app and link your Food Lion MVP card to your ibotta account, Your qualified purchases will go right to ibotta and you won't have to download any receipts. Make sure you connect your MVP card BEFORE checkout. Like Savingstar.com discounts, the ibotta offers do not come off at the register. They are saved to your ibotta account. Once you reach $20 in earnings, you can have it deposited into your Paypal account or cash it out for specific gift cards. You can use the ibotta savings in conjunction with manufacturers coupons and savingstar.com e-coupons so you can stack a number of different savings avenues. This app does require a little extra work as far as taking pictures of the receipts but that doesn't take long at all and the savings add up fast. Checkout 51 cash back offers: Checkout 51 e-coupon cash back offers can be used in conjunction with paper coupons and other digital coupon programs! And you can use it with your smartphone or computer! Here's how it works: * Sign up on the Checkout 51 website HERE for free using your e-mail or Facebook info. * Browse the available offers (and print out a list if you don't think you will remember them). * Head to the store (any store) and buy the offers you want (like $1 cash back on ANY gallon of milk or .50 cash back on a package of Lenders bagels). * Take a photo of your receipt and upload it to Checkout 51. * Once they confirm your purchase, they will credit your account. * When you accrue $20 in your Checkout 51 account, you can cash it out in the form of a check mailed to your address. Additional information: This program is not store specific. You can buy the items at ANY store that offers a receipt with the items purchased listed. New offers come out each Thursday and are available until the next Wednesday. You have to buy the participating product and submit the receipt during that week to get credit. Not everyone gets the same offers so make sure you log into your account to see what offers you received. For more information and to sign up for this free coupon site, click HERE. Swagbucks: Swagbucks is one of my favorite sites! It allows you to earn free giftcards to Target, Walmart, CVS, Amazon, Starbucks, Sheetz, Kohl's, Paypal, Domino's (and many other stores) just by doing activities online. Basically, you do things like searching on their search engine (instead of Google), answering surveys, watching videos, playing games and more and they reward you with points called "SB points." You cash in the SB points for gift cards! I have been a member for years and have earned a bunch of gift cards. See below for a sign up bonus. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com HERE. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. Swagbucks Sign Up Bonus: It's free to sign up for Swagbucks and only takes a minute. New members usually get 30 Swagbucks when you sign up. Right now, if you sign up through this link HERE, you can score 70 Swag Bucks when you click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. It only takes 500 SB points for a $5 gift card! BzzAgent: Another program I recommend for getting free products to sample, free product coupons and coupons to share is BzzAgent. Click HERE for their website. Recyclebank: Not only will you learn about great ways to become more eco-friendly in your home and throughout your community with Recyclebank, you will also be able to earn freebies, coupons and gift cards to places like Panera, iTunes, Best Buy and more! It's free to join HERE and you can start earning points right away by doing easy activities like watching videos about recycling, pledging to recycle certain products and reading articles about eco-friendly topics. Sending expired coupons to U.S. military overseas: Click HERE for information on sending expired coupons to our military. You can donate your manufacturer coupons that are expired up to 6 months to our US military overseas who have access to an on-base commissary. Daily Smart Shopper blog newsletter: You can have an e-mail sent to you once a day with a list of all the new posts I have made in the last 24 hours. If anything interests you, just click on the link and it brings you to the blog on WRAL. It's a good way to remember to check the site daily so you don't miss any new printable coupons or good deals. To sign up for the blog, go to the home page of the Smart Shopper blog and click on the newsletter link on the right side of the page. Look for "Get the Smart Shopper e-mail newsletter". Once you sign up, WRAL will send you an e-mail once a day at 3:00 PM with the list of newest information I've posted. Of course, it is free to sign up. If you signed up at the class, it will be about a week before you start receiving your blog e-mails. Until then, feel free to read the blog daily through wral.com and click on Smart Shopper. Questions: Feel free to post your couponing and money-saving questions in the Share the Deals & Questions post I make every day on the Smart Shopper blog. You can submit your questions and share any deals you find in the Comments section at the bottom of the post. In order to post anything, you will need to register, which is free and easy to do. Thanks again for coming to the class and please share your experiences as you embark on your couponing journey. Have fun! This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Custom home sites - thousands less than Wake Cty. Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Baseball Baseball: Holly Springs vs. Middle Creek (Apr. 21, 2017) Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: April 18-24 Local News Car slams into man outside Elm City store, killing him @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Eclipse has NC officials readying for when sun don't shine Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Entertainment Greensboro native makes it to 'The Voice' finals National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Out and About Southern Women's Show Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS Weather Star parties, Lyrid meteor shower start the weekend WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Wake couple says neighbor's crowing roosters are 'definition of insanity' State News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Green Guide Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Political News Trump tells young immigrants in US illegally to 'rest easy' SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper FREE samples of Coconut coffee and coconut tea @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Baseball Baseball: Holly Springs vs. Middle Creek (Apr. 21, 2017) Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: April 18-24 Local News Car slams into man outside Elm City store, killing him @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Eclipse has NC officials readying for when sun don't shine Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Entertainment Greensboro native makes it to 'The Voice' finals National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Out and About Southern Women's Show Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS Weather Star parties, Lyrid meteor shower start the weekend WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Wake couple says neighbor's crowing roosters are 'definition of insanity' State News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Green Guide Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Political News Trump tells young immigrants in US illegally to 'rest easy' SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper FREE samples of Coconut coffee and coconut tea @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Running Green > Walmart targets gigaton of reduced emissions, big sustainability boost Walmart targets gigaton of reduced emissions, big sustainability boost Company's initiatives focus on reduced environmental impacts while benefiting business as well. Apr 21, 2017 Fleet Owner Staff | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Walmart's forward-looking emissions reductions and sustainability include a major project to design more efficient trucks for the company's fleet. Photo courtesy Walmart Related Media Greenhouse Gas Emissions and your Fleet (white paper) 'Run on Less' cross-country roadshow to showcase truck fuel efficiency When it comes to fuel efficiency the answer is all of the above At Walmart's annual Milestone Summit today, the company launched a sustainability platform inviting suppliers to join in committing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed "Project Gigaton," Walmart says the initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions focusing on things like manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. One gigaton, or one billion tons, of emissions is the equivalent of taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year, the company points out. Walmart claims it is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company has set targets to reduce emissions significantly by 2025. The retailer will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream sources by a gigaton between 2015 and 2030. Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. For example, by investing in solar energy, Walmart notes it has helped to support jobs for American solar companies. Walmart is now one of America's leading commercial solar and on-site renewable energy users, the company says, and gets about 25 percent of its global energy from renewable sources. Popular Now Magellan integrates with KORE/Position Logic 500 America's Top Private Fleets Ford adds strobe light kit for F-150 In another example, by doubling the efficiency of its U.S. fleet from 2005 to 2015, Walmart says it saved nearly $1 billion compared to a 2005 baseline. "We are proud of the improvements we've made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That's why we're working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton," said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior vice president and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. Support from environmental advocates Walmart's summit and new initiatives met with praise from environmental groups. "Today, business stepped up to the plate to lead on climate in a way that supports both people and the planet. Business leadership and innovation have always been an American hallmark, and that's never been clearer than right now," stated Fred Krupp, president of the Environmental Defense Fund. "A challenge like Project Gigaton catalyzes innovative solutions around the globe. "And it makes clear that companies won't wait — nor should they," he added. "Smart companies like Walmart and the suppliers that will join them on this journey have moved far beyond the false either/or choice of a healthy economy or a healthy environment. We need both, and these businesses are leading the way."   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Are emissions-reducing strategies working? Wal-Mart evaluating LNG Not overnight Pickens: Wal-Mart chief intrigued by natural gas 14 Multi-flavored Advertisement Current Issue 2017 Fleet of the Year Awards Electric Vehicles in Trucking Gamification of Trucking CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE Related Products Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Advertisement Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Walmart presents Spoon River Partnership with contribution Friday Apr 21, 2017 at 10:25 AM The Spoon River Partnership for Economic Development (SRPED) recently received a $1,000 Community Grant from the Walmart Foundation to support local economic development efforts. The Spoon River Partnership for Economic Development (SRPED) recently received a $1,000 Community Grant from the Walmart Foundation to support local economic development efforts.  The application was approved by Mike Noonan, the local Walmart store manager, and the check was presented to SRPED Executive Director Missy Towery. The Walmart Foundation’s mission is to “create opportunities so people can live better. We consider it our responsibility to make a positive impact in the communities we serve. Whether it’s through the grants we provide to the thousands of organizations that share our mission or through the inspiring volunteer efforts of Walmart associates, we are passionate about helping people live better. One community at a time.” The Foundation has three core focuses: Opportunity, Sustainability and Community.  The grant to the SRPED was made as part of their support of opportunity, which includes “helping [to] create economic opportunity for individuals and fostering economic growth.” “The Partnership is so appreciative of the support we have received through this contribution,” said Towery. “This helps the SRPED to continue our efforts at bringing economic development and jobs to the area, and to help our communities in Fulton County to thrive.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Western Illinois Family Magazine Online Forms Archives Submit News Weather Coupons Advertise With Us Market Place Regional Classifieds Illinois Auctions Classifieds Place An Ad Cars Boats Magazine Schools Info Canton Schools Cuba Schools Lewistown Schools Spoon River Valley Schools Schools Info Public Notice Illinois Farmington Schools VIT Schools Astoria Schools Avon Schools Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Canton Daily Ledger - Canton, IL ~ P.O. Box 540, 53 W. Elm Canton, IL 61520 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire Shareable State News Election 2016 Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Games Contests Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place An Ad Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Learn more here.Close Me Home > USA > Intellectual Property United States: Co-Pending Litigation Is Not Sufficient Basis To Deny Transfer Motion Last Updated: April 21 2017 Article by McDermott Will & Emery McDermott Will & Emery Your LinkedIn Connections at Firm Addressing jurisdictional transfer issues in a divided opinion, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit granted the extraordinary relief of issuing a mandamus order to transfer a patent infringement case, finding that the district court effectively failed to consider the merits of the defendant's transfer motion even though the district court weighed all relevant transfer factors. In re: Google, Inc., Case No. 17-107 (Fed. Cir., Feb. 23, 2017) (Prost, CJ) (Linn, J, dissenting) (non-precedential).� This case was initiated when Eolas Technologies sued Google in the Eastern District of Texas for patent infringement. Eolas and Google had litigated against each other prior to this suit. Eolas had previously sued Google in the Eastern District of Texas for patent infringement involving related technology. In the prior case, Google's motions to transfer and for mandamus were both denied. Google also filed a separate declaratory judgment action relating to other Eolas technology in the Northern District of California. � On the same day that it sued Google, Eolas also sued Amazon and Walmart entities for infringement of the same patent in the same court. Those defendants separately filed motions to transfer venue for convenience to the Northern District of California, each within the same week. The district court denied Walmart's motion, then Google's, then Amazon's. The court issued each decision weeks apart from the preceding decision. In deciding Google's transfer motion, pursuant to 28 USC � 1404(a), the district court weighed each of the four public-interest factors and four private-interest factors mandatorily considered for a motion to transfer for convenience in the Fifth Circuit. See TS Tech (IP Update, Vol. 12, No. 2). The district court found that the co-pending litigation with Walmart and Amazon in the same district involving the same patent, as well as the Eastern District's institutional knowledge relevant to the case obtained from prior litigation between the parties, weighted against transfer. Each of these elements was considered as part of the "other practical considerations" private-interest factor. With respect to the factor requiring balancing the location of witnesses and documentary evidence, the district court found that the location of witnesses and documents at Google's Northern California headquarters only slightly favored transfer when compared to Eolas's single employee in the Eastern District of Texas. On balance, the district court found that transfer was not warranted. Google sought mandamus from the Federal Circuit. The Federal Circuit concluded that the district court improperly overemphasized the "other practical considerations" factor and underemphasized the disparity between Google's geographic ties to sources of proof as compared to Eolas. According to the Court, the mere co-pendency of related suits in a particular district could not serve as the basis for denying a motion to transfer because such co-pendency would automatically tip the balance in the non-movant's favor regardless of the existence of co-pending transfer motions and their underlying merits. The Court further found that the Eastern District's prior experience with the litigants was untenable because the judge presiding over the previous case had retired. The Court also found that the district court did not afford the "relative ease of access to sources of proof" private-interest factor enough weight. The Federal Circuit parted ways with the district court on this factor, noting that it was perhaps the most important of the eight and that it significantly favored Google. In view of these considerations, the Federal Circuit issued a mandamus order transferring the case to the Northern District of California. The dissent would have denied mandamus relief because it was undisputed that the district court considered all relevant factors, and the heightened mandamus standard of review did not permit the Court to reweigh those factors. Specifically, Judge Linn opined that the majority went beyond its limited role in the mandamus context of assessing whether the district court fully considered each of the eight transfer considerations. According to Linn, the Court rebalanced the considerations and substituted its own judgment, thereby usurping the district court's role in weighing the factors and making the final determination. The dissent also argued that Google did not show a clear abuse of the district court's considerable discretion or that the ruling produced the patently erroneous result necessary for the relief sought. Co-Pending Litigation Is Not Sufficient Basis To Deny Transfer Motion The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances. To print this article, all you need is to be registered on Mondaq.com. Click to Login as an existing user or Register so you can print this article. Do you have a Question or Comment? Click here to email the Author Interested in the next Webinar on this Topic? Click here to register your Interest Contributor McDermott Will & Emery McDermott Will & Emery Email Firm View Website Events from this Firm More from this Firm More from this Author News About this Firm Authors McDermott Will & Emery More Popular Related Articles on Intellectual Property from USA Don't Be Left Flat: Words Matter When Drafting Patent Claims Lewis Roca Rothgerber Christie LLP In Wasica Finance GmbH v. Continental Automotive Systems, Inc., No. 15-2078 (Fed. Cir. 2017), the patentee Wasica Finance discovered, among other things, the importance of using consistent terminology in the patent specification and claims. Fed. Circ. Provides Cautionary Tale On Markush Claiming Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner, LLP The Federal Circuit's decision in Shire Development LLC v. Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc., No. 16-1785, 2017 WL 541013 (Fed. Cir. Feb. 10, 2017), provides a cautionary tale for U.S. patent owners... Does Copyright Now Cover Functionality? BakerHostetler On March 22, 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court decided the case of Star Athletica, L.L.C. v. Varsity Brands, Inc. regarding the scope of copyright protection for "pictorial... Pryor Cashman Successfully Defends The Big Bang Theory Against "Soft Kitty" Copyright Suit Pryor Cashman LLP Pryor Cashman successfully represented Warner Bros. Entertainment, CBS, Fox Broadcasting, Turner Broadcasting and Chuck Lorre Productions in a copyright infringement action... BREAKING: Delay Doesn't Matter! The Supreme Court Holds Laches Doesn't Apply To Patent Infringement Cases Stites & Harbison PLLC Why wait more than a week after the Supreme Court issued its March 21 decision in SCA Hygiene Products Aktiebolag et al. v. First Quality Baby Products, LLC, et al. to send a "Breaking News" eAlert? Because the Supreme Court said delay doesn't matter! AliceStorm Update For Q1 2017 Fenwick & West LLP With the close of the first quarter of 2017, there have been some interesting patterns developing in AliceStorm. Copyright Plaintiff Allowed To Subpoena ISP To Discover Defendant's Name Proskauer Rose LLP The court granted leave for plaintiff to subpoena the purported defendant's ISP, but with significant and unusual caveats. The Importance Of Getting Inventorship Right: A Cautionary Tale In Two Cases Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. U.S. patent law elevates the importance of "the inventor" to an extent unseen in the rest of the world.   In association with Mondaq Advice Center (MACs) Intellectual Property Investment Immigration Advertising and Marketing More Advice Centers Related Topics Similar Topics Intellectual Property Patent Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Trials & Appeals & Compensation Intellectual Property Copyright Licensing & Syndication Trade Secrets Trademark Related Articles Recently Viewed Structurally And Functionally Related Excipient Not Within Asserted Claim's Markush Group McDermott Will & Emery How Eliminating Agency Deference Might Affect PTAB And ITC Shearman & Sterling LLP Patent Holder Sues CBS And iHeart Over Digital Audio Signal Transmission Systems Womble Carlyle Protect Against Patent Suits Before You Buy Jackson Walker LLP U.S. Supreme Court Substantially Devalues Design Patent Damages On Multicomponent Products: What Design Patent Holders Need To Know Hinshaw & Culbertson LLP Federal Circuit Dismisses Appeal Where IPR Petitioner Lacked Standing To Appeal Marshall, Gerstein & Borun LLP District Court Stays Case Pending Inter Partes Review After Non-Petitioning Defendant Agrees To Be Bound By Estoppel Provisions Jeffer Mangels Butler & Mitchell LLP USPTO Launches PTAB Procedural Reform Initiative Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. Foreign Party Cannot Hide Behind Hague Convention To Avoid Service Orrick U.S. Supreme Court Removes Laches Defense In Patent Infringement Vedder, Price P.C. Recently viewed items tracks each article you read and gives you a quick link back to that article if you need to review it again. To activate recently viewed, you just need to login or register with us above. Related Video McDermott's Reverse Engineered Podcast | Section 101: Protecting Software & Other Technologies - Video McDermott Will & Emery Video � PTAB Popularity And Reasons For It Jones Day VIDEO: IP Strategies For Financial Technology Ropes & Gray LLP View More Videos Up-coming Events Search Region / Country...WorldwideLatin AmericaEuropeAsia PacificAsiaEuropean UnionBrazilCanadaChinaCyprusFranceGermanyHong KongIrelandItalySouth KoreaLuxembourgNetherlandsPolandSingaporeSpainTaiwanUKUnited States Show More Filters Timeframe...This WeekNext Two WeeksNext MonthNext Quarter Event Type...Business BreakfastConferenceOtherPodcastSeminarSpeaking EngagementWebinarWorkshop Location...Brazil- San Paulo- Sao PauloCanada- Calgary- Edmonton- Montreal- Ontario- Ottawa- Toronto- Unknown- VancouverChina- UnknownCyprus- NicosiaFrance- ParisGermany- Frankfurt- Frankfurt am Main- MunichHong Kong- Central Hong KongIreland- DublinItaly- Milan- ParmaLuxembourg- LuxembourgNetherlands- AmsterdamPoland- WarsawSingapore- SingaporeSouth Korea- SeoulSpain- Barcelona- MadridTaiwan- TaipeiUK- Birmingham- London- Milton KeynesUnited States- Boston- California- Chicago- Costa Mesa- Dallas- Denver- Georgia- Kansas City- Las Vegas- Los Angeles- New York- Palo Alto- San Diego- San Francisco- Silicon Valley- Virginia- Washington, DC GO Tools Print Font Size: Translation Channels Mondaq on Twitter Free News Alert Custom RSS Feed Download on iPhone & Android Contact Us | Your Privacy | Feedback © Mondaq� Ltd 1994 - 2017 All Rights Reserved   News Alert|Login|Register Login / Register Free News Alert Privacy/ Cookies Terms & Conditions About Mondaq Unsubscribe TOPICS| REGIONS| CONTRIBUTORS| ADVICE CENTER| OUR SERVICES Employment| Healthcare| Finance| IP| Commercial| Litigation| Privacy| Tax| Energy| Media & IT| Government| Consumer| More Compliance Law Performance Wealth Mgt Strategy Accounting Law Practice Family Transport Criminal International Anti-trust Technology Insolvency Real Estate Environment Insurance Immigration All Regions |USA |Canada |UK |Europe |Offshore |Asia Pacific |Australia |Latin America |Middle East & Africa |India | More Contributors A-Z | Most Popular Contributors | Most Popular Authors | Author League | Award Winners | Become a Contributor About Mondaq | Become a Contributor | Become a Partner | What's New | Contact Us Become a MAC Partner Select Advice Centre| Mondaq Advice Centre - About| Albania Argentina Austria Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Accounting and Audit Anti-trust/Competition Law Compliance Consumer Protection Corporate/Commercial Law Criminal Law Employment and HR Energy and Natural Resources Environment Family and Matrimonial Finance and Banking Food, Drugs, Healthcare, Life Sciences Government, Public Sector Immigration Insolvency/Bankruptcy/Re-structuring Insurance Intellectual Property International Law Law Department Performance Law Practice Management Litigation, Mediation & Arbitration Media, Telecoms, IT, Entertainment Privacy Real Estate and Construction Strategy Tax Technology Transport Wealth Management All Regions USA Canada UK Europe Offshore Asia Pacific Australia Latin America Middle East & Africa Other Countries Albania Argentina Austria Belgium Bermuda Brazil British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cyprus Czech Republic Ecuador France Germany Gibraltar Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Peru Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Vietnam Register for Access and our Free Biweekly Alert for This service is completely free. Access 250,000 archived articles from 100+ countries and get a personalised email twice a week covering developments (and yes, our lawyers like to think you�ve read our Disclaimer).   Email Address Company Name Password Confirm Password Position CEO, Owner, Chairman, President, Mng Director Director, Vice President, Senior Company Executive Inhouse Counsel, Lawyer in Company/Government CFO/FD, Inhouse Accountant, Treasurer Corporate/Company Secretary, Compliance Officer Lawyer in Law Firm, Private Practice, Barrister Consultant, Accountant in Accountancy Firm, Practicing Accountant Banker, Stockbroker, Analyst, Economist Marketing, Business Development Editor, Journalist, Researcher IS/IT Student, Academic HR Please Select Position Mondaq Topics -- Select your Interests  Accounting  Anti-trust  Commercial  Compliance  Consumer  Criminal  Employment  Energy  Environment  Family  Finance  Government  Healthcare  Immigration  Insolvency  Insurance  International  IP  Law Performance  Law Practice  Litigation  Media & IT  Privacy  Real Estate  Strategy  Tax  Technology  Transport  Wealth Mgt Regions Africa Asia Asia Pacific Australasia Canada Caribbean Europe European Union Latin America Middle East U.K. United States Worldwide Updates Check to state you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions Terms & Conditions and Privacy Statement Mondaq.com (the Website) is owned and managed by Mondaq Ltd and as a user you are granted a non-exclusive, revocable license to access the Website under its terms and conditions of use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to the following terms and conditions of use. Mondaq Ltd may terminate your use of the Website if you are in breach of these terms and conditions or if Mondaq Ltd decides to terminate your license of use for whatever reason. Use of www.mondaq.com You may use the Website but are required to register as a user if you wish to read the full text of the content and articles available (the Content). You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, link, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in these terms & conditions or with the prior written consent of Mondaq Ltd. You may not use electronic or other means to extract details or information about Mondaq.com�s content, users or contributors in order to offer them any services or products which compete directly or indirectly with Mondaq Ltd�s services and products. Disclaimer Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose. All such documents and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server. The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Mondaq Ltd and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. Registration Mondaq Ltd requires you to register and provide information that personally identifies you, including what sort of information you are interested in, for three primary purposes: To allow you to personalize the Mondaq websites you are visiting. To enable features such as password reminder, newsletter alerts, email a colleague, and linking from Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to your website. To produce demographic feedback for our information providers who provide information free for your use. Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) do not sell or provide your details to third parties other than information providers. The reason we provide our information providers with this information is so that they can measure the response their articles are receiving and provide you with information about their products and services. If you do not want us to provide your name and email address you may opt out by clicking here . If you do not wish to receive any future announcements of products and services offered by Mondaq by clicking here . Information Collection and Use We require site users to register with Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) to view the free information on the site. We also collect information from our users at several different points on the websites: this is so that we can customise the sites according to individual usage, provide 'session-aware' functionality, and ensure that content is acquired and developed appropriately. This gives us an overall picture of our user profiles, which in turn shows to our Editorial Contributors the type of person they are reaching by posting articles on Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) � meaning more free content for registered users. We are only able to provide the material on the Mondaq (and its affiliate sites) site free to site visitors because we can pass on information about the pages that users are viewing and the personal information users provide to us (e.g. email addresses) to reputable contributing firms such as law firms who author those pages. We do not sell or rent information to anyone else other than the authors of those pages, who may change from time to time. Should you wish us not to disclose your details to any of these parties, please tick the box above or tick the box marked "Opt out of Registration Information Disclosure" on the Your Profile page. We and our author organisations may only contact you via email or other means if you allow us to do so. Users can opt out of contact when they register on the site, or send an email to unsubscribe@mondaq.com with �no disclosure� in the subject heading Mondaq News Alerts In order to receive Mondaq News Alerts, users have to complete a separate registration form. This is a personalised service where users choose regions and topics of interest and we send it only to those users who have requested it. Users can stop receiving these Alerts by going to the Mondaq News Alerts page and deselecting all interest areas. In the same way users can amend their personal preferences to add or remove subject areas. Cookies A cookie is a small text file written to a user�s hard drive that contains an identifying user number. The cookies do not contain any personal information about users. We use the cookie so users do not have to log in every time they use the service and the cookie will automatically expire if you do not visit the Mondaq website (or its affiliate sites) for 12 months. We also use the cookie to personalise a user's experience of the site (for example to show information specific to a user's region). As the Mondaq sites are fully personalised and cookies are essential to its core technology the site will function unpredictably with browsers that do not support cookies - or where cookies are disabled (in these circumstances we advise you to attempt to locate the information you require elsewhere on the web). However if you are concerned about the presence of a Mondaq cookie on your machine you can also choose to expire the cookie immediately (remove it) by selecting the 'Log Off' menu option as the last thing you do when you use the site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies and we are not aware of any at present that do so. Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Mondaq (or its affiliate sites) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these third party sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site. Mail-A-Friend If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend�s name and email address. Mondaq stores this information and may contact the friend to invite them to register with Mondaq, but they will not be contacted more than once. The friend may contact Mondaq to request the removal of this information from our database. Security This website takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users� information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected using firewalls and other security technology. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@mondaq.com. Correcting/Updating Personal Information If a user�s personally identifiable information changes (such as postcode), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user�s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the �Your Profile� page or by sending an email to EditorialAdvisor@mondaq.com. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. How to contact Mondaq You can contact us with comments or queries at enquiries@mondaq.com. If for some reason you believe Mondaq Ltd. has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at problems@mondaq.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia to thwart Trump border tax issue By admin in Uncategorized April 21, 2017 CHICAGO: Target Corp , Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress.President Donald Trump’s push to impose a tax on imports, such as the 20 percent levy initiated by House Republicans, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent, industry officials said. Last week, the President said he favored an ‘import tax’ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for U.S. products.The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump’s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around the tax proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure.The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose the tax.Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform.The border tax proposal likely will be “as messy as the healthcare bill,” according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group.Target, for one, thinks the industry’s lobbying efforts are succeeding.”We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn’t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress,” a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity.There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as US$13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to US$16.6 billion from US$6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPBBest Buy Co Inc , which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment.Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers – ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty – would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp , analysts and consultants said.TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment.Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home.”They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare,” he said.One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc .The prospect of a U.S. border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm’s founder and CEO. “The process has intensified in the past six months,” said Minkoff.WHERE THE SUPPLY CHAINS AREThe decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech… Post navigation Another Persian Gulf oil producer considers public offering Airtel leads as mobile subscriber base reaches 895.25 million in March Search for: Recent Posts David Goffin stuns Novak Djokovic to reach Monte Carlo semis Bud Cauley, Tony Finau share lead at Texas Open Cyprus championship enters final stretch with playoffs Vexed Liberals move to dump Kelly O’Dwyer while on maternity leave IPL 2017 Preview: Rising Pune Supergiant seek to stretch winning momentum against in-form Sunrisers Hyderabad Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!' Aaron Hernandez 'murdered his friend Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to charge Assange Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old student he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furniture-less cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different skin tones  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine years but was put back inside when he was caught Harvard students are handed university-sponsored flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for the first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweats and slippers before going shoe shopping  United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill O'Reilly's primetime slot on Monday Navy SEAL who made a cell phone 'video of him sexually touching a young girl' is arrested for child pornography Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing three white people at random' The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how eyesight differs across many species How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals when triggered to decompose their prey I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil his reform plan for businesses and individuals next week before his 100th day in office Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Previous Next Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart The FBI's criminal complaint against Tad Cummins was released on Friday  The 50-year-old former teacher was arrested Thursday morning at a remote cabin in northern California, where he had been hiding with a former student The complaint revealed a detailed timeline of Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas' month on the run, and the events leading up to it  A 12-year-old student caught the two kissing at school on January 23  By February 6, Cummins was officially suspended  The two disappeared together on March 13, after meeting up at a Columbia, Tennessee restaurant  The documents show that Cummins refilled his erectile dysfunction medication just three days before leaving and that he bought KY Jelly on the road Thomas' father says he believes his daughter was brainwashed  By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com Published: 10:48 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 16:56 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail 32 shares 120 View comments New details are being released about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teacher and student who were found hiding out in a remote California cabin on Thursday after more than a month on the run.  On Friday, a copy of the FBI's criminal complaint against Cummins was released, detailing the events leading up to the alleged couple's March 13 disappearance and what authorities know so far about their weeks on the lam.  The documents paint a creepy picture of the couple's relationship, from the fact that Cummins refilled his erectile dysfunction prescription just days before their departure, to their one-bed bookings at low-rent motels and trips to Walmart to buy personal lubricant.  Scroll down for full criminal complaint  More details are being released about Tad Cummins' (left) month on the run with his 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas, right   Cummins was arrested early Thursday morning, after police found the two hiding out in an unfinished cabin in northern California   Above, investigators at the scene of the cabin on Friday  Cummins was due to appear in court on Friday, but the appearance was cancelled  Cummins will instead appear in federal court next Monday in Sacramento  Maury County Police first learned about the couple's illicit relationship on January 30, from the school resource officer assigned to the Culleoka Unit School.  The officer relayed that a 12-year-old student told him he or she walked into a classroom and witnessed Cummins kissing Thomas on January 23.  'The student described the kiss as a romantic peck rather than a father-daughter type kiss,' Detective Jonthan R. Hardison wrote in the complaint.  The student said that he or she went to confront Cummins with another student after school.  'The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife, but indicated that [Thomas] sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that [she] had a troubled past,' the report says.  On January 31, detectives interviewed Thomas about the allegations, and she said the two never kissed.  According to the criminal complaint, Cummins refilled his Cialis prescription days before leaving with Thomas, and that they bought KY Jelly while on the road. (Stock images) The two were spotted shopping at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15   She told officers that she went into Cummins classroom after getting into an altercation with another teacher about using the bathroom and that he comforted her.  Thomas 'advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down'.  That same day, Thomas' father let officers look at his daughter's cellphone, and they saw that she had been in 'brief contact' with Cummins that day. Officers interviewed Cummins the next day, and he too denied that they had kissed, saying that instead he was like a 'father figure' to the girl.  Cummins was allowed to keep teaching at the school while the district investigated the claims, but just two days after his interview with police, he got in trouble again for being with Thomas in a classroom.  Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday, saying they had not yet been able to talk to her. Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony   Above, a map showing what authorities know so far about the couple's whereabouts during their month on the run  The morning that he left in his wife's Nissa Rogue (pictured above), Cummins left a note behind saying he was going to Virginia Beach or the DC area to 'clear his head'   MEET THE HERO CARETAKER WHO HELPED POLICE NAB CUMMINS  A northern California caretaker is speaking out to detail how he helped police arrest the Tennessee teacher who had been on the run for more than a month with his 15-year-old student.  Griffin Barry, 29, says the Cummins and Thomas first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune, and were going by the names John and Joanna. The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. Griffin Barry, 29 (pictured), helped police arrest Tad Cummins, the 50-year-old Tennessee teacher who had been on the run for more than a month with one of his 15-year-old students  So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune. 'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you you, know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN . Cummins and Thomas did in fact make it to the commune, but the members there sensed something was off with the two and decided against letting them into the group.  After getting kicked out of the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on Tuesday, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work.  Barry said he rarely interacted with Thomas during the couple's 36-hour stay at the property. 'He would talk for her a lot and kept her separate, you know,' Barry told WBIR . 'And a couple of times he always kept her in the car and he would be like 'she's asleep,' you know, and I'm like okay. I was kind of telling some people , you know, she never really looks at me and she's always talking for her. I was like, whatever, they're on hard times or something." It wasn't until Wednesday night that he finally recognized Cummins and the girl, when a neighbor showed him a missing persons picture. 'Someone was showing me a picture, I was telling them you know and said 'That's the guy,"' he said. 'So we called 911 last night and we were calling that Tennessee Bureau of Investigation line or whatever so I guess the first sheriff got out here at about 2am.' By 4am, police had surrounded Cummins' cabin and were waiting for him to come out. After a while, they brought in Barry to help speed up the process. 'I was driving by trying to flush him out. [Sheriff's deputies] were like, "honk the horn!"' Barry told KRCR. 'I'm glad I got to help.' As Cummins was taken into custody, he reportedly remarked 'I'm glad this is over'. A school official called police on February 3, saying that the two had been alone in a classroom for 30 minutes, despite Cummins' orders to stay away from the girl. Detectives reviewed surveillance footage and found that the two had indeed been in a classroom together, and that other students were present.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police... 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who kidnapped... Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee... Two men hit by separate cars in neighborhood brawl that... Share this article Share 32 shares The school suspended Cummins on February 6 for the matter.  It's still unclear when exactly Cummins started plotting his escape with Thomas, but he did refill his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction - three days before leaving, his wife Jill revealed.  He also took out a $4,500 loan a week before his disappearance, which was supposed to help him and his wife get by while he was out of the job.  His wife said that she noticed the money missing after her husband left. THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Police believe Cummins and Thomas met up at Shoney's Restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee the morning of March 13.  A friend reportedly picked up Thomas from her house and dropped her off at the restaurant around 8am.  Meanwhile, surveillance footage showed Cummins filling his wife's Nissan Rogue up with gas at a Shell station next to the restaurant around 8:30am. He was seen leaving the station five minutes later in the direction of Shoney's.   The morning that Cummins went missing, he lied to his wife about going to a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. When she returned home, she found a note from her husband saying he was 'travelling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind'.  'He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call the police,' the complaint says. 'Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him.'  Mrs Cummins followed the letter and did not call police that night.  But Thomas' father immediately got police involved, calling to report his daughter missing around 10:30pm that night. Mr Thomas told officers that he feared his daughter might be missing with Cummins.  The following morning, around 7:30am, Mrs Cummins finally called to report her husband missing.  She told police about the letter he left behind and the missing money. She also added that two handguns, clothes and some toiletry items were also missing from the home.   After an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, tips started streaming into the FBI hotline.  One of the early reports came from a Motel 8 employee who found Tad Cummins' name in the national database.  Police learned that Cummins stayed at a location in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15 and 16, renting a room with a single queen-sized bed.  Employees at the location said that Cummins asked for directions to a Walmart.  Police later obtained surveillance footage showing the two shopping at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15, in which they bought hair dye to alter their appearance.  After checking out of that Motel 8 on March 16, the couple moved west to Guymon, Oklahoma - about a five hour's drive away - where they checked into another Motel 8. Again, they rented a room with only one bed, and stayed there for a night - checking out on March 17. They also shopped at another Walmart, this time picking up women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly - a personal lubricant used for sex. Police reportedly obtained surveillance footage of this March 16 trip but have not released it to the public.  Cummins was finally taken into custody on Thursday, after police received a tip from a caretaker in northern California, who said the two were staying in an unfinished cabin on his property.  The former teacher was set to appear in Siskiyou County court on Friday, but that appearance was cancelled. Instead, he has been put in federal custody and is being moved to Sacramento where a new hearing is scheduled for Monday.  Meanwhile, Thomas is reportedly being sent back to her family in Tennessee today.  Her father Anthony Thomas said on Good Morning America on Friday that he had not yet spoken on the phone with his daughter, and that he believes she may have been brainwashed.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 32 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Attempted rapist runs from police moments before being arrested Crewman jumps from cargo ship to save whale tangled in net Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Hilarious footage of a screaming man experiencing labour pains Film makers expose 'major new developments' in McCann case Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police Robert Irwin and Jimmy play with baby bears on The Tonight Show Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten... Australian TV company claim to have 'major breakthrough'... Bisexual female teacher, 45, who had a four-in-a-bed orgy... EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his... 'It felt like my face was eating itself': Nightclub acid... Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of... 'I'd expect a smack if I started it - but I didn't':... 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon... Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive... Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for... Dramatic moment police chase and catch would-be rapist... American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with... 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped... Landlady, 47, who crammed FOUR bedsits into a garden shed... Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his... Is Ferne fleeing the country? Reality star 'spotted at an... Fraudster spent £100,000 of stolen taxpayers' cash on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 120 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte She is suing her for defamation 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style Wizards Of Waverly Place's David Henrie marries former beauty queen Maria Cahill with co-star and friend Selena Gomez watching on How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties My biggest fans! Chris Pratt shares a kiss with proud wife and adorable son Jack cheers him on while receiving star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame  Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes before killing himself - to his fiancée,  his young daughter... and to his gay jailhouse LOVER NFL Network reporter says Aaron Hernandez had threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes REVEALED: Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress who works for a nonprofit (and not as a stripper)... as La La 'gets primary custody of son' Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii Oscar-winner and Mad About You star loves to go surfing Who's that girl? As Gigi Hadid turns 22, FEMAIL rounds up the model's most surprising beauty moments, from a faux PIXIE CUT to unicorn make-up Simon Cowell spends $640,000 on in-house security including a panic room and baseball bat after a serial burglar raided his home  Terrifying raid Amanda Bynes looks healthy as she goes on hike with gal pal in LA after troubled times The 31-year-old actress need psychiatric treatment in 2014 'Would you ask a man that?' Blake Lively scolds reporter for asking her about her outfit at star-studded Power Of Women lunch  Won't talk fashion 'Your daddy been talking s**t all night!' Married at First Sight couple instantly connects after meeting at altar - but their dads  feud at reception SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Moves like Jagger Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  Style Swoon: From Shay Mitchell's spring trench coat to Kourtney Kardashian's figure-flattering jeans, FEMAIL rounds up the fashions that caught our attention As Emma Watson and Anne Hathaway continue to step out sporting sustainable fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven eco-friendly brands for YOU to shop She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off new cropped hairstyle after shortening her trademark locks for latest film role EXCLUSIVE: How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed as a woman and was crushed when Kim discovered his secret then refused to engage with her as Caitlyn Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve evidence so they can investigate his death independently They want his murder conviction thrown out too It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon in NYC Made stylish appearance at bash at Cipriani  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  New insight Revealed: Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, died from 'accidental drug overdose' Body found in bedroom of Philadelphia home 'It has everything you need to forget about life for six minutes!' Jimmy Kimmel spoofs Unicorn Frappuccino craze with a vile 'F***-it-ccino' creation in parody Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap Pair got very playful Anne Hathaway says she 'disliked herself intensely' while growing up and thought she'd never be happy, as she admits to an 'unhealthy' relationship with alcohol Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress in New York City Just turned 41 EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart! Tyga embraces Jenner lookalike after split Curvy brunette is a former Hooter's waitress Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born Remake of 1976 flick set for release in 2018 Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York City With Rosario Dawson Lobster salad, lamb chops and Trump's best Elvis impression: Behind scenes of 'S***kicker' evening president spent with Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin Ivanka Trump fails to raise a smile as she leaves her D.C. home after White House released details about official trip to Germany as 'First Daughter' ''I don't starve myself': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe hits back after fans claim tiny waist snaps send bad message to young girls  Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Headed to photo studio  'She's the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals he warned former Fox News boss Roger Ailes that Megyn Kelly  would betray him 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Pals with spaceman  A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish wedding of Rory McIlroy and Florida blonde Erica Stoll  George Lopez and D.L. Hughley get matching tattoos in memory of the late Charlie Murphy The 57-year-old brother of Eddie Murphy died after battling leukemia Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the American  heroes who thwarted 2015 terrorist attack on Paris train  He met them last year  Transgender director of The Matrix Lana Wachowski meets Hillary Clinton in NYC before blasting President Trump on LGBT rights  From psychologist Queen Mathilde to finanical whizz Maxima, these are Europe's CLEVEREST royals (but how does Kate measure up?) 'I've never been out on a date!': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with much older boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 'Tis the seasoned!  Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume during episode of MasterChef Junior Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 with a day at the races - and a flashback photo of her as a babe-in-arms  Intimate family portrait 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Ran through 10 songs dating 1963-2016  Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old lookalike son Robert and Jimmy Fallon play with bear cubs on The Tonight Show Crikey, mate! 'We never really talked about our mom': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate joins them in new mental health video There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Charlie Hunnam looks suave as he poses at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized' 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine 'It was internalized misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Karlie Kloss shows off her supermodel legs in a bright color-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore La La Anthony 'gets primary custody of son in temporary agreement' after split from Carmelo as woman claims she's pregnant with basketball ace's baby Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in New York City Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with 'evidence' he was being targeted by a smear campaign EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS co-workers for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' They had a lot to say about her recent trip Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album  Former Glee star looking for a big hit EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor, left notes and hanged himself Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots thanks to Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'I am glad to have moved on': Maddie Ziegler is content after leaving Dance Moms and reveals shock in being cast as main star for Sia's Chandelier Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father, 72, is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar with bottles of alcohol by his side after a 'suspected overdose' Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards in Macau... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Mariah Carey has cozy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses Was also her manager Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cozies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Been married a year 'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night She writhed on stage Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek' Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal struggles they faced after fleeing Ukraine  Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl was lying She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on late night TV talk show Pet shop where Rocky Balboa met future wife Adrian in the classic films is demolished in Philadelphia Little piece of movie history gone forever 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles The couple eloped earlier this year EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide  The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood Looking for a replacement for Scott? Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot... after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking relaity show Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The 27-year-old starlet uncovered her body 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Happily pushed his young son through Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage From centerfold to ambassador: Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is Donald Trump's top pick to represent U.S. in New Zealand She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs  Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during 4/20 Plead The Fifth on Bravo's WWHL Talking about recreational drug use She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! Rare night out together In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates He's a doting son 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares sweet with 'W' during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait dishes on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Wore long sleeves pushed up to elbows      DON'T MISS 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty flashed some thigh Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children  Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event Left little to imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles Bandits struck model and romance novel heartthrob Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Former Victoria;s Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in New York City Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Said to be due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British TV presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Today's headlines Most Read American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about... WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to... Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how... Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different... How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still... Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine... Harvard sponsored organization hands out flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over... United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill... Navy SEAL indicted for producing child pornography after cell phone video 'shows him sexually touching a... Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected... The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns... 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing... The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how... How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals... I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID... Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil tax reform plan next week Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Treasury Department says ExxonMobil can't drill in Russia as government denies request from Secretary of... Obama's big comeback: Former president will speak for the first time since exiting office on Monday in... 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the... She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles from ear to ear as she models a bright floral frock... White House says it's confident the government won't shut down next week over a spending stalemate (but its... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten suicide note for his gay jailhouse LOVER - who is now on suicide watch - and two more for his fiancée and four-year-old daughter EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers before going shoe shopping Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals that he warned Roger Ailes about Megyn Kelly and told the former Fox News CEO that his network star would betray him 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks’ which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009 Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!'  'Who let her in? She is either SICK or a fraud!' White race faker Rachel Dolezal causes outrage as she lectures black South Africans about her 'struggle' with being 'trans black' Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film then forced her 'shaken' star do a rewrite Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for strength before battling for the right to pick a girl from their remote tribe The harsh reality of life under Jim Crow: Evocative color photographs show black workers toiling in cotton plantations while white farmers lounge in town  Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve prison evidence so they can investigate his death independently - and now they're petitioning to get his murder conviction thrown out too 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word EXCLUSIVE: Plastic wrap, Krazy Glue and silicone butt stick-ons - How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed himself as a woman and was crushed when Kim caught her but chose not to engage with her as Caitlyn Dictator's paradise: The secret retreat with 200ft pool yacht, waterslides and theme park rides where Kim Jong-un parties 'like it's Ibiza' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his blood and ate his HEART in horrific witchcraft ritual  Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart San Francisco comes to a standstill as power outage hits nearly 100,000 causing traffic chaos, trapping residents in elevators and even halting the city's famous cable cars 'If you f*** me over, I'll kill you': NFL Network reporter reveals how Aaron Hernandez had once threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes The smirking prostitutes and grinning madams of Montreal: 1940s mugshots reveal the women who turned the city into a sex capital MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Ostrich: Archeologists discover cryptic symbols in Walmart parking lot One of the mysterious symbols scattered throughout the parking lot. Their purpose remains unknown. (Matt Mitchell) Print Email Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich By Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich AL.com Follow on Twitter on April 21, 2017 at 9:40 AM, updated April 21, 2017 at 9:46 AM comments Matt Mitchell is the creator of The Ostrich, Walker County's least trusted news source, and was the 3rd round draft pick of the Denver Nuggets. Roughly half of what he writes is untrue. Multiple unknown symbols written by an ancient civilization have been discovered in the Sumiton Walmart parking lot, the Alabama Archeological Society announced Thursday. Written in-between every row of parked cars, the faded emblems appear to guide the observer in either a north or south direction, but archeologists caution that they have yet to fully decipher the intended purpose of these arrow-like images. "Our first inclination was that these arrows were meant to provide ancient Walmart shoppers with an escape route, but some of them, maybe even half, point directly back at Walmart," explained Gwynn Stottman, the architectural historian for the Alabama Archeological Society. "It's almost as if the artist intended for traffic to flow orderly through the parking lot, and not like a drunken demolition derby." As the team of archeologists dusted off the ancient artwork, a group of local citizens gathered to catch a glimpse of the historic discovery. Brandon Yates, a resident of nearby Empire, sat and watched the commotion from his pickup truck, which was taking up no less than four parking spots. "I couldn't tell what everybody was doing on the ground at first. I thought somebody done dropped their Skoal can down the storm drain again," recalled Yates. "Then somebody told me about them arrows. I still can't believe it. Next y'all are gonna tell me the big striped area up against the Walmart is only for emergency vehicles and not Aunt Edna when she's got a hankerin' for them little Vienna wieners." Although preliminary testing shows the paint used for the artwork is less than 4 years old, the exact purpose of these arrows is still a complete mystery to everyone the archeologists spoke with. When asked, many locals believed the symbols pointed to some sort of buried treasure. Then those same locals told the archeologists to "git" and to "leave their treasure alone." Despite these setbacks, Stottman said she isn't giving up hope. "Somewhere out there is the Rosetta Stone for parking lot symbols. A society that parks their vehicles in an orderly fashion using similar arrows and lines could crack this thing wide open," stated Stottman. "Only then will we find out the true purpose for these half-dozen parking spots with blue men wearing turtle shells." Once her team solves this mystery, Stottman says they'll study the large metal structures they recently found scattered across the parking lot. "We haven't tested this theory yet, but it appears the abandoned shopping carts littered around us will fit perfectly into the opening of those structures," explained Stottman. "We'll just want to be careful not to disrespect local traditions, as it appears customary for the locals to set their buggy free so it can mate with another shopper's car." [This is a work of satire. All content is the creation of Matt Mitchell, the Ostrich.] Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Discover: Waste360 Waste360 Marketplace Waste360 University WasteExpo More Menu Log In or Register The Business Collection & Transfer Energy Fleets & Technology Landfill Organics Recycling Resources Special Reports Waste360 Waste360 Marketplace Waste360 University WasteExpo Subscribe About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent How Some Governments and Nonprofits are Working to Reduce Food Waste Apr 20, 2017 Compass Group, Unilever Announce Food Waste Reduction Effort Apr 20, 2017 Waste Harmonics Acquires Assets of Two Companies Apr 20, 2017 NYC Awarding $3.3B Marine Transfer Station Contract to Waste Management Apr 19, 2017 Meridian Waste Solutions Posts $31.7M in Revenues in 2016 Apr 19, 2017 directory Trucks & Parts Continues Steady Growth With Two New Hires Featured Wheels Up: A Look at How U.S. Airports Manage Waste and Recycling Dec 15, 2016 A Conversation with Waste Management CEO Jim Fish Jan 19, 2017 Exclusive Research: Digging Into Price and Volume Trends Across the Solid Waste Sector Feb 15, 2017 Commercial Franchise Zones Explained Jan 25, 2017 Collection and Transfer>Generators Walmart Releases Global Responsibility Report; Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions This initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions Waste360 Staff | Apr 21, 2017 Walmart released its 10th annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency.   “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation, said in a statement. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.” Earlier this week, Walmart launched a sustainability platform inviting suppliers to join Walmart in committing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed Project Gigaton, this initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on areas such as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. That’s the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Walmart says it is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. “We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That’s why we’re working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton,” McLaughlin said in a statement. Walmart has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus their Scope 3 climate efforts. Participating suppliers are encouraged to focus their commitment in one or more of these goal areas. To help suppliers make commitments to emission reduction, or to establish emission reduction projects, Walmart collaborated with NGOs, like World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and Environmental Defense Fund (EDF), and additional like-minded organizations to create an emissions reduction toolkit. In this toolkit, Walmart highlights the business case for why suppliers should consider signing on to Project Gigaton. "Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability. The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet’s future," WWF President and CEO Carter Roberts said in a statement. "Project Gigaton is a testament to the transformative impact that leaders of industry can have on our greatest common challenges. As more companies follow in the footsteps of Walmart and their suppliers, we can achieve the critical mass needed to address climate change. Today's commitment represents an important step toward a safer and more prosperous future." “A challenge like Project Gigaton will catalyze leadership and innovative solutions around the globe,” EDF President Fred Krupp said in a statement. “Forward-looking companies like Walmart, and the suppliers that will join them, know that our economy and our planet can—and must—thrive together. Consumers deserve both, and these businesses are leading the way. EDF looks forward to helping them along this journey.” “Through the years, we’ve seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement,” said Laura Phillips, senior vice president, Sustainability for Walmart. “Our suppliers recognize the opportunity to realize those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains.” Several Walmart suppliers have committed existing emissions-reduction projects to Project Gigaton. Colgate-Palmolive Co. committed to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing by 25 percent from 2002 to 2020, with a longer term goal of a 50 percent reduction by 2050. It also committed to reduce its most significant Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, to promote water conservation awareness to 100 percent of its global consumers and reduce emissions associated with consumer behavior by up to 5 percent from 2016 to 2022, and increase the recycled content of our packaging to 50 percent by 2020. In additional, Campbell’s,  Ocean Spray,  Henkel,  Nestle Waters,  Reckitt Benckiser,  Church & Dwight Co Inc. and  Unilever committed to join the How2Recycle label program. Unilever, Dairy Farmers of America (DFA), General Mills, Kimberly-Clark and Land O’ Lakes also committed new emissions-reduction projects to Project Gigaton. Notable milestones and progress from Walmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart: In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers.  Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute.  Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals: Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available.  Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer: Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. TAGS: Waste Reduction 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related How Some Governments and Nonprofits are Working to Reduce Food WasteApr 20, 2017 Producer Responsibility through the Prism of Political Necessity (Part 2)Apr 14, 2017 How Food Suppliers, Retailers and Restaurants are Joining Forces to Address Food WasteApr 13, 2017 How One Tech Provider is Helping King Soopers Supermarkets Track Food WasteApr 12, 2017 Load More Next Article About Contact Us Advertise Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 51° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Periods of rain early. High 58F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 43F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 22, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close reuters Kerry Goldsmith and Brian Jackson construct mini-bikes at motorcycle and go-kart maker Monster Moto in Ruston, Louisiana January 25, 2017. Picture taken Jan. 25, 2017. REUTERS/Nick Carey The long, rough ride ahead for 'Made in America' By Nick Carey • Reuters 19 hrs ago (…) reuters Kerry Goldsmith and Brian Jackson construct mini-bikes at motorcycle and go-kart maker Monster Moto in Ruston, Louisiana January 25, 2017. Picture taken Jan. 25, 2017. REUTERS/Nick Carey RUSTON, LA. • Mini motorcycle and go-kart maker Monster Moto made a big bet on U.S. manufacturing by moving assembly to this Louisiana town in 2016 from China. But it will be a long ride before it can stamp its products “Made in USA.” The loss of nearly one out of four U.S. factories in the last two decades means parts for its bike frames and engines must be bought in China, where the manufacturing supply chain moved years ago. “There’s just no way to source parts in America right now,” said Monster Moto Chief Executive Alex Keechle during a tour of the company’s assembly plant. “But by planting the flag here, we believe suppliers will follow.” Monster Moto’s experience is an example of the obstacles U.S. companies face as they, along with President Donald Trump, try to rebuild the nation’s manufacturing. U.S. automakers and their suppliers, for example, have already invested billions in plants abroad and would face an expensive and time-consuming transition to buy thousands of U.S.-made parts if Trump’s proposed “border tax” on imported goods were to become law. The rise and fall of U.S. manufacturing When companies return assembly to U.S. soil — in Monster Moto’s case it took two years to find a location and negotiate support from local and state officials — they are betting their demand will create a local supply chain that currently does not exist. For now, finding U.S.-based suppliers “remains one of the top challenges across our supplier base,” said Cindi Marsiglio, Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s vice president for U.S. manufacturing and sourcing. Wal-Mart partnered with Monster Moto and several other U.S. companies in a drive to increase spending on American-made goods by $250 billion by 2023 in response to consumer demand . Their experience has shown Americans’ patriotic shopping habits have limits, namely when it comes to price. Take Monster Moto’s bikes, which sell for between $249 and $749. Keechle, the CEO, says he can’t raise those prices for fear his price-sensitive prospective customers will turn to less-expensive rivals made in China. “Consumers won’t give you a free pass just because you put ‘Made in USA’ on the box,” Keechle says. “You have to remain price-competitive.” Keeping a sharp eye on labor costs in their factory is one thing these U.S. manufacturers can control. They see replacing primarily lower-skilled workers on the assembly line with robots on American factory floors as the only way to produce here in a financially viable, cost-competitive way. It’s a trend that runs against the narrative candidate Trump used to win the presidency. Since taking office, Trump has continued promises to resurrect U.S. manufacturing’s bygone glory days and bring back millions of jobs. On March 31, Trump directed his administration to clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in a bid to end the “theft of American prosperity.” But it’s more complicated for companies such as Monster Moto. “It’s almost as if people think you can just unplug manufacturing in one part of the world and plug it in to the U.S. and everything’s going to be fine,” said David Abney, chief executive officer of package delivery company United Parcel Service Inc., which helped Monster Moto reconfigure its supply chain to bring its Chinese-made parts to Ruston. “It’s not something that happens overnight,” he said. Making robots What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Who's hired? Check our People in Business great again The most likely components Monster Moto could produce in the U.S. first are black, welded-metal frames for bikes and go-karts, but they would have to automate production because human welders would be too expensive. “We can’t just blow up our cost structure,” said Monster Moto President Rick Sukkar. “The only way to make it work in America is with robotics.” The same principle applies for much larger manufacturers, such as automotive supplier Delphi Automotive PLC. Chief Financial Officer Joe Massaro told analysts in February that 90 percent of the company’s hourly workforce is in “best-cost countries.” When asked about shifting production to the United States from Mexico, Massaro said depending on what happens to trade rules “it would have to be much more of the sort of the automated-type manufacturing operations, just given … the labor differential there.” That trend is already showing up in data compiled by the Economic Policy Institute, a Washington-based think-tank. According to senior economist Rob Scott, not only did the U.S. lose 85,000 factories, or 23.5 percent of the total, from 1997 to 2014, but the average number of workers in a U.S. factory declined 14 percent to 44 in 2014 from 1997. According to Scott, much of the decline in workers was due to automation. “We’re going to see more automation in this country because it makes good sense economically for every company,” said Hal Sirkin, a managing director at the Boston Consulting Group. “You can spend a lot of time bemoaning it, but that’s not going to change.” Manufacturers say automated production requires fewer, but more skilled, workers such as robot programmers and operators. The National Association of Manufacturers estimates because of the “skills gap” there are 350,000 unfilled manufacturing jobs today in a sector that employs more than 12 million people. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Ruston La Monster Moto Made In Usa Manufacturing Automation Economics Commerce Industry U.s. Finance Factory Supplier Company View (…) comments Most popular Buyers struggle to find homes in red-hot St. Louis housing market Chesterfield mobile home residents might have to move as apartment developers eye suburb Chesterfield Mobile Home Park developer: 'Am I going to do it, is someone else going to do it?' Meat bonanza: Beef boom to mean lower steak and burger prices 2 AT&T sky bridges to be demolished in downtown St. Louis Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section City will investigate Washington Avenue taxing districts E-commerce distributor Quiet Logistics announces plans for Hazelwood facility Messenger: Missouri lawmaker switches teams, files bill to help debt-collector clients St. Louis job market goes from hot to cold in March Meet some St. Louis workers who just got new jobs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces $1.00 for Sunday Delivery Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 244/7 (81) - PAK (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Money U.S. retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia to thwart Trump border tax issue Shares1 Fri, 21 Apr 2017-04:35pm , Reuters Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump's administration plans to impose a 20 percent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent. Last week, the President said he favored an 'import tax' that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin's tax rate for U.S. products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump's ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around Trump's proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump's idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be "as messy as the healthcare bill," according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry's lobbying efforts are succeeding. "We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn't embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress," a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers - ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty - would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. "They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare," he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm's founder and CEO. "The process has intensified in the past six months," said Minkoff. WHERE THE SUPPLY CHAINS ARE The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. Shifting production from existing supply bases like China is costly, may involve intellectual property issues and disrupts long-term supply contracts, making it hard to plan and execute such moves, two industry sources said. Consultants have told retailers they could mitigate shipping costs enough to offset any border tax, while avoiding the cost of moving production into the U.S, the sources said. But so far they are not proceeding with major supply chain changes, according to retailers and industry consultants. "Wal-Mart is not ready to spend money to deal with this," said a supply chain consultant who works with the retailer but requested anonymity for fear of disrupting the firm's relationship with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has reviewed its options with supply chain consultants, but has not yet commissioned a concrete contingency plan, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said. Wal-Mart declined comment. Executives at smaller retailers and brands like Samsonite, Crate and Barrel and Steve Madden said there is little competitive impetus for action because they believe a border tax would hurt them and competitors equally. Samsonite was studying reviving its U.S. manufacturing base, but is not close to taking action. "Setting plans (based) on policy proposals that are yet to be implemented is not right," Samsonite Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala told Reuters. Minneapolis-based Target is limiting itself to conducting feasibility studies. "We just don't want to get ahead of ourselves and invest capital," the Target official said. Target declined comment. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Tax Haven: Cyprus removal from notified jurisdiction to be effective from November 2013 Money Panama Papers: Mosseck Fonseca law firm's partners get bail Money Service charge 'totally voluntary, not mandatory', government says; restaurants may protest Money Petrol and diesel may soon be home delivered, oil ministry mulls options Money E-commerce players feel the heat after Flipkart gets set to acquire rival Snapdeal Money SEBI quashes non-bailable warrant against Sahara chief Live Cricket Score Live WI 244/7 (81) PAK (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Rising Pune Supergiant vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Sat, 22 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Bikaner land PMLA case: Enforcement Directorate raids 3 locations in NCR War on black money cannot be concluded with one action, more steps will be taken: Venkaiah Naidu ED attaches Himachal Pradesh CM Vibhadra Singh's Rs 29-crore family farmhouse Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Congress Donald Trump Samsonite United States Bolivia Europe RBC Capital Markets Reuters Brazil Bulgaria China Czech Republic Hungary Retail Industry Leaders Association Romania Steve Madden Wal-Mart Stores Inc Costco Wholesale Corp Ramesh Tainwala Rebecca Minkoff republican TJX Cos U. S. House of Representatives Amazon Best Buy Co Inc Co Inc President Trump South American Target Corp U. S. House com Inc. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence American Airlines' employee suspended after row with passengers WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence Indian-American Surgeon Gen asked to step down by Trump admin Sport Battle of batsmen as upbeat Gujarat Lions take on KXIP Cricket-Test Series West Indies v Pakistan scoreboard Younis Khan may reconsider retirement on Pakistan Cricket Board request FA Cup: 'Tottenham Hotspur no longer the underdogs,' says Chelsea manager Antonio Conte Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces long injury layoff Entertainment Sanjay Dutt's 'Bhoomi' gets a NEW release date for THIS reason! Not Thor-like at all: Chris Hemsworth hasn't kept his promise with wife Elsa Pataky 'Captain America' Chris Evans headed to Broadway Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE on taking Kriti Sanon for a ride in his new car! Here's what it's like to go on a date night with 'Star Wars' actor John Boyega Money Top leaders discuss India at 11th Hero Enterprise Mindmine Summit Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on India encouraging global defence companies to set up units: India becoming hub of international arbitration: CJI JS Khehar Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart CEO's Compensation Rises to $22.4M ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart CEO's Compensation Rises to $22.4M Published April 21, 2017 Business Leaders Reuters Facebook Twitter Print (WALMART) Wal-Mart's chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. Continue Reading Below CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6 percent to $22.8 billion, compared with an 11 percent drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8 percent to $485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1 percent to $496 billion. The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3 percent in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain. Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of $11.55 million, a slight increase from $11.54 million a year ago. U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of $243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned $7.6 million. (Editing by Diane Craft and Matthew Lewis) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!' Aaron Hernandez 'murdered his friend Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to charge Assange Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old student he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furniture-less cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different skin tones  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine years but was put back inside when he was caught Harvard students are handed university-sponsored flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for the first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweats and slippers before going shoe shopping  United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill O'Reilly's primetime slot on Monday Navy SEAL who made a cell phone 'video of him sexually touching a young girl' is arrested for child pornography Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing three white people at random' The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how eyesight differs across many species How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals when triggered to decompose their prey I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil his reform plan for businesses and individuals next week before his 100th day in office Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Previous Next 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who kidnapped 15-year-old student told cops after sharp-eyed cabin caretaker tipped off officers and he was arrested at remote shack 2,500 miles from Tennessee Ted Cummins, 50, vanished with former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15, in March The pair were spotted on Wednesday by the caretaker of a cabin they were in and he alerted police They had traveled from Tennessee to northernmost California in that period After cops arrested Cummins he said he was 'glad this is over' Cummins had a pair of handguns in the cabin but he gave himself up peacefully Thomas was well, police said, and is flying back to her home overnight Cummins has been charged with state and federal sex and kidnapping crimes The federal crime alone carries a mandatory 10 year prison sentence  By James Wilkinson and Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com and Ben Ashford Published: 01:30 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 09:24 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail 603 shares 173 View comments The Tennessee ex-teacher who was arrested Wednesday morning for 'kidnapping' a 15-year-old student in March told police he was grateful that their month-and-a-half flight from justice was over. Ted Cummins, 50, of Columbia, Tennessee, walked out on his wife and kids on March 13 and began a 2,500-mile trip with his 15-year-old former student Elizabeth Thomas. They were finally tracked down to a remote cabin in California, where Cummins gave himself up after police swooped, telling them 'I'm glad this is over,' CNN reported. Scroll down for video Relieved: Ted Cummins (left) said he was 'glad' that his month-and-a-half flight from justice was over when he was arrested for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) Thursday Found: The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after the shack's caretaker recognized Cummins' car. He called police on Wednesday Cummins and Thomas had successfully evaded police for a month despite a nationwide manhunt after they were seen in an Oklahoma City Walmart with dyed hair on March 15. They fled to a small cabin near Cecilville in a remote area of California near the Oregon border, far from the nation's eyes. But they didn't count on the cabin's caretaker, who was quick to recognize the pair and telephoned local police and the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) on Wednesday night.  Cummins and Thomas only spent one night in the cabin, police said, although they may have been in the area for a week before. But their solitude was interrupted early Thursday morning by Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office deputies, who had found Cummins' silver Nissan Rogue parked outside a cabin. After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, they formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to show up. When he did, they arrested him without incident. Fled: The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed,' police said. She was to fly back to Tennessee on a TBI jet Thursday night. Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. Jason Whately, the attorney representing the Thomases, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest Cummins faces a string of state and federal charges for his alleged cross-country kidnapping, ABC News reported He has been charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor in Lawrence County, Tennessee. In Siskiyou County, California, where the cabin is located, he may be charged with kidnapping and possession of stolen property, pending review by the county's district attorney.  And the US State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse. That charge alone has a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years in prison.  It could take several weeks for Cummins to be extradited to Tennessee, said US attorney Jack Smith. Last sighting: The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next School teacher, 56, tried to seduce a 16-year-old student Two Tennessee men try to run each other over in insane brawl Share this article Share Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair.   Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by a man who says he has seen the pair in Cecilville, California. Police converge on a remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old.  'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. The cabin in which the pair was found was initially reported to be in the Black Bear Ranch commune by police, but cops later said that the cabin was only nearby, not in the ranch. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.'  Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court.  However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak.  'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added.  Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away.  'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said.   Scorned: Jill Cummins, the wife of Tad Cummins, told ABC last week she had treated Thomas as her 'third daughter' before the pair fled. She has started divorce proceedings Read more: 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in Calif. - CNN.com Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California - ABC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 603 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Attempted rapist runs from police moments before being arrested Crewman jumps from cargo ship to save whale tangled in net Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Hilarious footage of a screaming man experiencing labour pains Film makers expose 'major new developments' in McCann case Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police Robert Irwin and Jimmy play with baby bears on The Tonight Show Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten... Australian TV company claim to have 'major breakthrough'... Bisexual female teacher, 45, who had a four-in-a-bed orgy... EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his... 'It felt like my face was eating itself': Nightclub acid... Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of... 'I'd expect a smack if I started it - but I didn't':... 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon... Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive... Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for... Dramatic moment police chase and catch would-be rapist... American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with... 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped... Landlady, 47, who crammed FOUR bedsits into a garden shed... Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his... Is Ferne fleeing the country? Reality star 'spotted at an... Fraudster spent £100,000 of stolen taxpayers' cash on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 173 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte She is suing her for defamation 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style Wizards Of Waverly Place's David Henrie marries former beauty queen Maria Cahill with co-star and friend Selena Gomez watching on How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties My biggest fans! Chris Pratt shares a kiss with proud wife and adorable son Jack cheers him on while receiving star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame  Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes before killing himself - to his fiancée,  his young daughter... and to his gay jailhouse LOVER NFL Network reporter says Aaron Hernandez had threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes REVEALED: Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress who works for a nonprofit (and not as a stripper)... as La La 'gets primary custody of son' Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii Oscar-winner and Mad About You star loves to go surfing Who's that girl? As Gigi Hadid turns 22, FEMAIL rounds up the model's most surprising beauty moments, from a faux PIXIE CUT to unicorn make-up Simon Cowell spends $640,000 on in-house security including a panic room and baseball bat after a serial burglar raided his home  Terrifying raid Amanda Bynes looks healthy as she goes on hike with gal pal in LA after troubled times The 31-year-old actress need psychiatric treatment in 2014 'Would you ask a man that?' Blake Lively scolds reporter for asking her about her outfit at star-studded Power Of Women lunch  Won't talk fashion 'Your daddy been talking s**t all night!' Married at First Sight couple instantly connects after meeting at altar - but their dads  feud at reception SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Moves like Jagger Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  Style Swoon: From Shay Mitchell's spring trench coat to Kourtney Kardashian's figure-flattering jeans, FEMAIL rounds up the fashions that caught our attention As Emma Watson and Anne Hathaway continue to step out sporting sustainable fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven eco-friendly brands for YOU to shop She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off new cropped hairstyle after shortening her trademark locks for latest film role EXCLUSIVE: How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed as a woman and was crushed when Kim discovered his secret then refused to engage with her as Caitlyn Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve evidence so they can investigate his death independently They want his murder conviction thrown out too It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon in NYC Made stylish appearance at bash at Cipriani  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  New insight Revealed: Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, died from 'accidental drug overdose' Body found in bedroom of Philadelphia home 'It has everything you need to forget about life for six minutes!' Jimmy Kimmel spoofs Unicorn Frappuccino craze with a vile 'F***-it-ccino' creation in parody Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap Pair got very playful Anne Hathaway says she 'disliked herself intensely' while growing up and thought she'd never be happy, as she admits to an 'unhealthy' relationship with alcohol Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress in New York City Just turned 41 EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart! Tyga embraces Jenner lookalike after split Curvy brunette is a former Hooter's waitress Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born Remake of 1976 flick set for release in 2018 Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York City With Rosario Dawson Lobster salad, lamb chops and Trump's best Elvis impression: Behind scenes of 'S***kicker' evening president spent with Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin Ivanka Trump fails to raise a smile as she leaves her D.C. home after White House released details about official trip to Germany as 'First Daughter' ''I don't starve myself': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe hits back after fans claim tiny waist snaps send bad message to young girls  Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Headed to photo studio  'She's the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals he warned former Fox News boss Roger Ailes that Megyn Kelly  would betray him 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Pals with spaceman  A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish wedding of Rory McIlroy and Florida blonde Erica Stoll  George Lopez and D.L. Hughley get matching tattoos in memory of the late Charlie Murphy The 57-year-old brother of Eddie Murphy died after battling leukemia Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the American  heroes who thwarted 2015 terrorist attack on Paris train  He met them last year  Transgender director of The Matrix Lana Wachowski meets Hillary Clinton in NYC before blasting President Trump on LGBT rights  From psychologist Queen Mathilde to finanical whizz Maxima, these are Europe's CLEVEREST royals (but how does Kate measure up?) 'I've never been out on a date!': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with much older boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 'Tis the seasoned!  Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume during episode of MasterChef Junior Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 with a day at the races - and a flashback photo of her as a babe-in-arms  Intimate family portrait 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Ran through 10 songs dating 1963-2016  Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old lookalike son Robert and Jimmy Fallon play with bear cubs on The Tonight Show Crikey, mate! 'We never really talked about our mom': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate joins them in new mental health video There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Charlie Hunnam looks suave as he poses at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized' 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine 'It was internalized misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Karlie Kloss shows off her supermodel legs in a bright color-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore La La Anthony 'gets primary custody of son in temporary agreement' after split from Carmelo as woman claims she's pregnant with basketball ace's baby Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in New York City Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with 'evidence' he was being targeted by a smear campaign EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS co-workers for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' They had a lot to say about her recent trip Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album  Former Glee star looking for a big hit EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor, left notes and hanged himself Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots thanks to Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'I am glad to have moved on': Maddie Ziegler is content after leaving Dance Moms and reveals shock in being cast as main star for Sia's Chandelier Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father, 72, is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar with bottles of alcohol by his side after a 'suspected overdose' Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards in Macau... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Mariah Carey has cozy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses Was also her manager Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cozies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Been married a year 'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night She writhed on stage Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek' Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal struggles they faced after fleeing Ukraine  Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl was lying She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on late night TV talk show Pet shop where Rocky Balboa met future wife Adrian in the classic films is demolished in Philadelphia Little piece of movie history gone forever 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles The couple eloped earlier this year EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide  The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood Looking for a replacement for Scott? Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot... after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking relaity show Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The 27-year-old starlet uncovered her body 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Happily pushed his young son through Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage From centerfold to ambassador: Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is Donald Trump's top pick to represent U.S. in New Zealand She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs  Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during 4/20 Plead The Fifth on Bravo's WWHL Talking about recreational drug use She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! Rare night out together In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates He's a doting son 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares sweet with 'W' during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait dishes on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Wore long sleeves pushed up to elbows      DON'T MISS 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty flashed some thigh Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children  Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event Left little to imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles Bandits struck model and romance novel heartthrob Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Former Victoria;s Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in New York City Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Said to be due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British TV presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Today's headlines Most Read American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about... WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to... Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how... Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different... How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still... Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine... Harvard sponsored organization hands out flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over... United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill... Navy SEAL indicted for producing child pornography after cell phone video 'shows him sexually touching a... Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected... The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns... 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing... The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how... How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals... I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID... Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil tax reform plan next week Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Treasury Department says ExxonMobil can't drill in Russia as government denies request from Secretary of... Obama's big comeback: Former president will speak for the first time since exiting office on Monday in... 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the... She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles from ear to ear as she models a bright floral frock... White House says it's confident the government won't shut down next week over a spending stalemate (but its... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten suicide note for his gay jailhouse LOVER - who is now on suicide watch - and two more for his fiancée and four-year-old daughter EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers before going shoe shopping Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals that he warned Roger Ailes about Megyn Kelly and told the former Fox News CEO that his network star would betray him 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks’ which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009 Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!'  'Who let her in? She is either SICK or a fraud!' White race faker Rachel Dolezal causes outrage as she lectures black South Africans about her 'struggle' with being 'trans black' Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film then forced her 'shaken' star do a rewrite Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for strength before battling for the right to pick a girl from their remote tribe The harsh reality of life under Jim Crow: Evocative color photographs show black workers toiling in cotton plantations while white farmers lounge in town  Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve prison evidence so they can investigate his death independently - and now they're petitioning to get his murder conviction thrown out too 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word EXCLUSIVE: Plastic wrap, Krazy Glue and silicone butt stick-ons - How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed himself as a woman and was crushed when Kim caught her but chose not to engage with her as Caitlyn Dictator's paradise: The secret retreat with 200ft pool yacht, waterslides and theme park rides where Kim Jong-un parties 'like it's Ibiza' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his blood and ate his HEART in horrific witchcraft ritual  Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart San Francisco comes to a standstill as power outage hits nearly 100,000 causing traffic chaos, trapping residents in elevators and even halting the city's famous cable cars 'If you f*** me over, I'll kill you': NFL Network reporter reveals how Aaron Hernandez had once threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes The smirking prostitutes and grinning madams of Montreal: 1940s mugshots reveal the women who turned the city into a sex capital MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Hyderabad Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Hyderabad News » Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' Continuing its raids on eateries, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday imposed a fine of 10,000 on a Walmart outlet for selling 'unstamped meat' in the city and warned it to dispose of the meat.TNN | Updated: Apr 21, 2017, 10.38 AM IST Highlights Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation raided 292 eateries and imposed fines on various outlets. Reason behind increased number of inspections is to ensure quality food to people and create awareness among hoteliers.A raid at a Hyderabad Walmart outlet. HYDERABAD: Continuing its raids on eateries, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday imposed a fine of 10,000 on a Walmart outlet for selling 'unstamped meat' in the city and warned it to dispose of the meat. A Walmart India spokesman later said they were "fully cooperating with the authorities and have shared all the required documents". "At Walmart, food safety is given top priority and an integral part of our compliance culture...We continually work towards mitigating food safety risks, and collaborate with all stakeholders including suppliers. We follow very stringent quality standards and ensure our suppliers have valid FSSAI licences from the very beginning when we start sourcing from them," the spokesperson said. GHMC earlier raided Papaji Ka Dhaba, Abids, and slapped it with 5,000-fine, while Kanak International Bar & Restaurant, Abids, was fined 10,000 for keeping the place untidy. "Inspection of hotels is a regular process. We have increased the number of inspections to ensure quality food to people and create awareness among hoteliers," said Dr Ganesh Babu, chief medical officer of health, GHMC. The GHMC started a drive inspecting hotels since April 3 and has checked around 292 hotels. Of these, 173 were found breaking rules. "I am surprised to hear some prominent hotels have been breaking norms," said Gaurav Anumula, a city resident. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer More from The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ From the Web More From The Times of India 4-mth-old Baby is fighting rare Nerve Cancer!MILAAP Top 20 actors who struggled with weight issuesSocialDaft! Join the all-rounder of insuranceState Farm Insurance Chembur Central - Flats start at 42 LacsXRBIA DEVELOPERS LTD How NRIs started a property investment trendSmartOwner OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message IPL 2017 IPL 2017 MI vs KXIP IPL Points Table MI Vs GL Pune Supergaints KKR Royal Challengers Bangalore Gujarat Lions Sunrisers Hyderbad Delhi Daredevils Mumbai Indians Kings XI Punjab Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Indian-origin CEO in US beats wife, gets one month in jail after plea deal Xi asks new People's Liberation Army units to be ready for combat, modern warfare Sonu Nigam shaves off his head, insists that he’s not anti-Muslim 26 photos by NASA that will shock you Ad: Fropky Arun Jaitley takes up H-1B visa issue with US commerce secretary Finance minister Arun Jaitley has "strongly raised" the H-1B visa issue with US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross, highlighting the important role played by highly skilled Indian professionals in America, officials said. Woman burnt alive after car catches fire on highway, husband escapes unhurt In a freak fire mishap, a woman was burnt alive after a car was gutted on the highway near Adduroad Junction at S. Rayavaram mandal in Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh. From around the Web 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background CRITICSUNION Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner More From The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Read Morewalmartunstamped meatHyderabad newsGreater Hyderabad Municipal CorporatioFSSAI licences Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Hyderabad Hyderabad Travel Guide How to reach Hyderabad Hotels in Hyderabad Restaurants in Hyderabad Places to visit in Hyderabad Things to do in Hyderabad Shopping in Hyderabad Nightlife in Hyderabad Weekend getaways from Hyderabad Itineraries Hyderabad Map Hyderabad Photos Haunted Places in Hyderabad Download Hyderabad Travel Guide Hyderabad To Mumbai Flights Hyderabad To Bangalore Flights Hyderabad To Chennai Flights From our Global Partners Hoax hijack email sender befriended six women online, he was held twice earlier CBSE clamp-down: Schools can't set up shop for books, stationery Hyderabad: Ministers set to lose red beacons after plenary SC upholds high court order against four info commissioners 1Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' 2Hoax hijack email sender befriended six women online, he was held twice earlier 3CBSE clamp-down: Schools can't set up shop for books, stationery 4Hyderabad: Ministers set to lose red beacons after plenary 5SC upholds high court order against four info commissioners Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends AIADMK News North Korea Babri Masjid LK Advani Sonu Nigam Virbhadra Singh Panama Papers Sasikala Panneerselvam Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Election 2017 Nawaz Sharif Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Uma Bharti IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Champions Trophy 2017 Babri Masjid case Noor Review xXx Bahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency. Digital Press Kit View the digital report or download the executive summary “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart: In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute. Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals: Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available. Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. ### About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious University of Canterbury flies high in new partnership Next PostNext Steven Whiteley Eager to Build on First NHRA J&A Service Pro Mod Drag Racing Series Win at 30th Annual NHRA SpringNationals Search Recent Posts Automotive Smart Seating Systems 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 8.59% and Forecast to 2021 Out of Band Authentication Software 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 23.57% and Forecast to 2021 Intracranial Pressure (ICP) Monitoring: Latest Industry Trends and Forecast Analysis Cosmetic Preservatives Market Global Potential Growth,Share,Demand and Analysis of Key Players Research Report Forecasts to 2021 Boronate Affinity Chromatography 2017 Global Market Driver,Challenges,Trends & Forecast to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
null
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton Police Department Parking lot incident extends from Murphy USA to Long John Silvers John Thompson • Yesterday at 10:07 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — There are a lot of interconnecting parking lots in the west end of Elizabethton from Walmart through the Elk Crossing Shopping Center, but police said they were still able to capture a man who they said was trying to elude them in the spacious lots. Police identified the driver as Jason Edwards, 38, 151 Sarah Annie Drive, Johnson City. He was eventually taken into custody and transported to Sycamore Shoals Hospital for medical evaluation. His vehicle was seized because his driver's license was reportedly revoked on a DUI charge. Witnesses said the incident began at the Murphy USA gas station at 998 Overmountain Drive, when a gray Oldsmobile pulled out of a parking space and struck a vehicle that was being fueled at the gas pump. The owner of the damaged vehicle said the driver of the Oldsmobile was slumped in his seat and denied striking any vehicles. Witnesses reported the Oldsmobile headed east toward Lowe’s Home Improvement. Officers then reported seeing the vehicle driving east in the parking lot of Big Lots, 791 W. Elk Ave. Elizabethton Police Officer James Stevens conducted a traffic stop in the Big Lots parking lot, but before he could get out of his vehicle, he said the Oldsmobile sped away, heading toward Elk Crossing. Stevens then followed at a safe distance and speed. Officer Dustin Johnson said he saw the Oldsmobile enter the Elk Crossing parking lot very recklessly and at a high rate of speed. Johnson said he turned on his siren and emergency lights, but he said the driver of the Oldsmobile did not obey the emergency signals and continued to travel through the parking lot at a high rate of speed to Zaxby’s and around the front to the Cash for Gold building. Johnson said the vehicle then turned eastbound on West Elk Avenue. Cpl. Trevor Salyer said the vehicle then turned into the old Long John Silver's parking lot, striking a curb, then crashed into a sidewalk and handrail. Charges in the incident were pending Edwards’ release from the hospital. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee Local News Fuquay-Varina Subway manager charged with sexually assaulting 3 female employees Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Steamy temps end over weekend as cold front brings cooler air, rain Sponsor Weather Come on! Arlene an unusual April tropical storm DUALDoppler5000 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell Ken Medlin NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Carolina Panthers Panthers open in San Fran, get two prime time games in 2017 Triangle Sports Radio Drive Thru Hot Takes: Cam Newton dresses like a 'Unicorn Frappuccino" Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Judge orders Volkswagen to pay $2.8B in emission scandal Business US home sales shoot up to 10-year high Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Learn how to cut your grocery bill in half on May 11 Click here for tickets › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Running our state into the ground PAIGE JOHNSON: Planned Parenthood in N.C. won't relent in efforts to provide women quality health care Editorial: How the 'family values legislature' is destroying families Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings National News Tech tips: Go green and save money on Earth Day Business Holiday Inn parent company reports widespread information breach Business Before you invest in a startup, here's what you need to know 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Lifestyles Match for mutts? New website helps people adopt the best dog Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Complete Coverage See the latest › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Local News Some Johnston County bus riders to lose service Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › 64° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 64° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-04-21 20:39:25 Updated: 2017-04-21 20:39:25 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Make $20 when you sign up for Hulu this weekend! Tags: Deals, Retail deals Posted 8:39 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17tZY Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks website If you've been thinking about trying Hulu, this weekend is the time to do it! Thanks to an offer through Swagbucks, you make $20 to sign up! Hulu has tons of current and classic programming, movies, brilliant original series, and more. I just signed up for this offer and received the SB points reward immediately! We are going to try it during the 1 month period and then the kids can decide if they like Hulu or Netflix better and I'll decide which one to keep. Plus I made $20 to sign up! Here's how it works: After you sign up HERE, you get back $28 (paid in the form of 2800 points called SB points) for trying Hulu for a month. You can cash out your SB points for gift cards like Amazon, Walmart, Target, CVS or even Paypal or a Visa gift card. It will cost you $7.99 to sign up, so you're making $20 on the deal after SB points reward! Here's how you sign up: 1. Click this link for the Hulu offer. 2. Create your Swagbucks account (takes 30 seconds) if you are not already signed up. If you are new to Swagbucks, use code SMARTSHOPPER during registration to get bonus sign up points! 3. Click "Continue" and sign up for Hulu. 4. Enjoy Hulu! You should have your points within 30 minutes. At that point, you can head to Swagbucks and cash out your points for a gift card. I got my 2800 points right after I signed up! This is a great time to join because when you sign up for Swagbucks for the first time through this link and get your 2800 SB from the Hulu offer, you'll get a bonus 300 SB at the beginning of May. So that's $28 (2800 SB) for trying Hulu plus your $3 (300 SB) bonus, which gets you 3100 SB, which means you make a profit of $23 total just for watching TV! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE, To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: Any post on this blog may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Free Credit Score - No Card Required! The 'as low as" rate is at 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Baseball Baseball: Holly Springs vs. Middle Creek (Apr. 21, 2017) Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: April 18-24 Local News Car slams into man outside Elm City store, killing him @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Eclipse has NC officials readying for when sun don't shine Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Entertainment Greensboro native makes it to 'The Voice' finals National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Out and About Southern Women's Show Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS Weather Star parties, Lyrid meteor shower start the weekend WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Wake couple says neighbor's crowing roosters are 'definition of insanity' State News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Green Guide Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Political News Trump tells young immigrants in US illegally to 'rest easy' SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper FREE samples of Coconut coffee and coconut tea @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Baseball Baseball: Holly Springs vs. Middle Creek (Apr. 21, 2017) Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: April 18-24 Local News Car slams into man outside Elm City store, killing him @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Eclipse has NC officials readying for when sun don't shine Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Entertainment Greensboro native makes it to 'The Voice' finals National News Study: Frequent consumption of soft drinks can increase risk of dementia, stroke Out and About Brewgaloo offers new sours, barrel-aged event in 6th year Out and About Weekend best bets: Taste, Brewgaloo Out and About Southern Women's Show Business Want to own a town? Tiny Oregon community for sale for $3.5M Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? Baseball High school rivals play together for former player diagnosed with ALS Weather Star parties, Lyrid meteor shower start the weekend WRAL TV Helpful tips when planning a trip to the WRAL Azalea Gardens Outdoors Red squid spotted on Outer Banks @NCCapitol Bills fly through House as deadline looms Out and About Sweet and sour: We tried Starbucks' Unicorn Frap so you don't have to Local News Charlotte's people ranked among least attractive in U.S. Out and About Have big plans for Raleigh? Now you can share them House & Home Spring into your garden: Tips for success Out and About Find gourmet food, cooking demos at the Southern Women's Show @NCCapitol Report: 500 ineligible voters cast ballots in North Carolina Local News Wake couple says neighbor's crowing roosters are 'definition of insanity' State News Charlotte police board clears officer in Keith Scott shooting Green Guide Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Political News Trump tells young immigrants in US illegally to 'rest easy' SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's McCafe prize pack SmartShopper FREE samples of Coconut coffee and coconut tea @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes court, elections bills SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? Out and About Chefs talk: What made Durham the 'foodiest city' in the south? WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Springfield police seeking info on fake security guard at Wal-Mart Friday Apr 21, 2017 at 4:22 PM Apr 21, 2017 at 10:11 PM Staff report Springfield police on Friday said they're seeking information about a man who claimed he was a Wal-Mart security guard and attempted to lure several women and their children into his vehicle. Officers were called to the Wal-Mart at 1100 LeJune Drive at 6 p.m. Wednesday. Police learned the man would identify himself as security and warned customers there was a child predator in the area. The man was driving an older-model blue pickup with a black cover over the bed. He is described as white, middle to late 50s, approximately 6 feet tall, heavy set and balding. He was last seen wearing a plaid button-up shirt and tan pants. People with information on this or other crimes can submit tips anonymously by calling Crime Stoppers at 788-8427 or online at cashfortips.us. Tips also can be sent by text. Type TIP672 plus a message and send to CRIMES. Informants are eligible for cash rewards of up to $2,500.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Elizabeth Thomas latest: Pair purchased food, lubricant at Guymo - KFDA - NewsChannel 10 / Amarillo News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home NewsChannel 10 TOO Telemundo Amarillo Mundo FM 102.9 Texas News Now News Pay It Forward Perspective with Brent McClure National International Courts & Crimes The Early Show Money & Business Eastern New Mexico Weather Weather Main Sky Tracker Camera Network StormTrack 10 Interactive Radar Rain Gauge Showdown 2017 Video Sports Local Sports Texas Sports Headlines Recipes LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Community Food Entertainment Health SLIDESHOWS About Us Main Contact Info Jobs at NewsChannel 10 TV Programming Watch CBS Programming Online here! KFDA, KEYU and KEYU-FM: Job Openings KFDA Annual EEO Public File Report 2017 Closed Captioning Certification News Staff Contests & Coupons Elizabeth Thomas latest: Pair purchased food, lubricant at Guymon Walmart 2017-04-21T21:09:43Z2017-04-21T22:38:25Z By Madison Alewel, Anchor Email Connect madison@newschannel10.com Follow @MadisonAlewel Source: KFDA GUYMON, OK - New information released in a criminal complaint filed against Tennessee kidnapping suspect Tad Cummins reveals he and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas stayed in Guymon, OK. According to the complaint, on April 1, investigators received information from Wyndham Hotels and Resorts that Cummins booked a Super 8 motel in Guymon on March 16 and 17. A local FBI agent went to the motel and confirmed the information. The agent also learned the room Cummins rented only had one bed.  Federal court documents obtained by sister station WMCTV in Memphis detail the pair's stop and purchases at a Guymon Walmart, including "women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes, and KY Jelly, a commonly used lubricant for sexual intercourse." [20.] On April 1, 2017, investigators received information from Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, who owns and operates several motel chains, including Super 8 Motels, that a motel room was booked under the name of Tad Cummins on March 16 and March 17, 2017 at the Guymon, Oklahoma, Super 8 Motel location. A local FBI agent went to the motel and was able to confirm the information. Additionally, the agent learned that the motel room rented to Cummins had only one bed. [21.] "Further investigation also revealed that Cummins, while in Guymon, Oklahoma, traveled to another local Walmart with VICTIM on March 16, 2017, and purchased several items, including women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes, and KY Jelly, a commonly used lubricant for sexual intercourse. The items were purchased with cash, and a copy of the receipt was obtained. Cummins and VICTIM were again captured on store surveillance images. The details are part of Acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith's criminal complaint of Cummins' alleged transportation of a minor across state lines for criminal sexual intercourse. Cummins and Thomas were captured on the Guymon Walmart's surveillance cameras. It wasn't until Thursday that the two were seen again in Cecilville, Calif., where Cummins was arrested. Two loaded handguns were recovered at the cabin, along with personal items belonging to the pair. Cummins' sister, Daphne Quinn, released this statement about the arrest: We are so thankful that they have both been found safe. And we are incredibly grateful to the tipster who is responsible for finding them. This is an excellent example of 'when you see something, say something.' Cummins is being held at the Siskiyou County Jail without bond. He is awaiting extradition to Tennessee, where he will be charged with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Copyright 2017 KFDA. All rights reserved. Today's Local News HeadlinesToday's Local NewsMore>> Amarillo College Board of Regents candidates Amarillo College Board of Regents candidates Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 10:25 PM EDT2017-04-22 02:25:21 GMT Amarillo College (Source: KFDA) In preparation for early voting, which begins Monday April 24, we spoke to all 9 Amarillo College Board of Regents candidates and have their answer to the following question; "Why should you be on the next Amarillo College Board of Regents. Here is what they had to say.  In preparation for early voting, which begins Monday April 24, we spoke to all 9 Amarillo College Board of Regents candidates and have their answer to the following question; "Why should you be on the next Amarillo College Board of Regents. Here is what they had to say.  Two Clovis students benefiting from National Merit Leadership Summit Two Clovis students benefiting from National Merit Leadership Summit Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 8:14 PM EDT2017-04-22 00:14:06 GMT For the first time, not one but two Clovis High students had the opportunity to participate in a National Merit Leadership Summit at the Air Force Academy in Colorado.   For the first time, not one but two Clovis High students had the opportunity to participate in a National Merit Leadership Summit at the Air Force Academy in Colorado.   State Board of Education reaches decision on biology standards State Board of Education reaches decision on biology standards Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 7:54 PM EDT2017-04-21 23:54:03 GMT Source: KFDA The State Board of Education has voted to revise curriculum standards that would no longer require students to challenge scientific theories about evolution.  The State Board of Education has voted to revise curriculum standards that would no longer require students to challenge scientific theories about evolution.  Buy emergency supplies tax free this weekend Buy emergency supplies tax free this weekend Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 7:18 PM EDT2017-04-21 23:18:29 GMT Source: KFDA We've experienced wildfires, freezing temperatures, and tornadoes the past few months, and severe weather season is only beginning.  We've experienced wildfires, freezing temperatures, and tornadoes the past few months, and severe weather season is only beginning.  Area nurses combating dangerous problem among young athletes Area nurses combating dangerous problem among young athletes Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 6:45 PM EDT2017-04-21 22:45:06 GMT Source:KFDA An area group working to lower the number of cardiac issues in young athletes hopes to expand into all of west Texas. An area group working to lower the number of cardiac issues in young athletes hopes to expand into all of west Texas.    Can't Find Something? 7900 Broadway Amarillo, TX 79105 (806) 383-1010 FCC Public File publicfile@kfda.com (806) 383-1010 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mostly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy early followed by cloudy skies overnight. Low 42F. Winds NE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 21, 2017 @ 8:15 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports AP Recalls this week: Motorized boards, chairs By The Associated Press Apr 21, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 More than 100,000 motorized boards are being recalled because the rear wheel can lock up, posing a fall hazard. Other recalled consumer products this week include chairs and food dehydrators. Here's a more detailed look: MOTORIZED CASTER BOARDS DETAILS: Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium-ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. "RipStik" is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. They were sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: More than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. HOW MANY: About 158,000. FOR MORE: Call Razor at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.Razor.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. CHAIRS DETAILS: Wooden Stafford Windsor-style dining chairs with four legs sold at Cost Plus World Market and World Market stores nationwide and online at www.worldmarket.com from June 2016 through December 2016. The chairs have a walnut finish and are intended for indoor use. Purchase order number 200519526, 400519526, 200519525, 400519525, 200524057, 200536057, 200536058 or 400524058 is printed on the UPC label attached to the underside of the chair seat. WHY: The legs on the chairs can break, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: Three reports of in-store display chair legs breaking and one report of the chair leg bowing out. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 4,700. FOR MORE: Call Cost Plus at 877-967-5362 from 7 a.m. to midnight ET daily or visit www.worldmarket.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. FOOD DEHYDRATORS DETAILS: White, EZDRY, six-tray food dehydrators sold at Kohl's stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from June 2016 through February 2017. EZDRY is printed on the front of the dehydrators. EZDRY and the model number EPD60W are printed on a white label on the bottom of the unit. They were sold in a white box labeled "EZDRY by Excalibur" Home Dehydrator with a picture of the product. These products are marked "Date Code: 2116, 2416, or 3316" engraved at the bottom of the label located on the bottom of the unit. WHY: The food dehydrator can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports of the dehydrator overheating and the plastic unit melting, including six reports of fire and one report resulting in property damage to the counter top. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 14,000. FOR MORE: Call Greenfield at 877-881-0065 from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to productrecall@thelegacycompanies.com or visit www.greenfieldworld.com and click on the "Recall Safety Information" at the top of the page. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Lifestyle Personal Finance Product Recalls Product Safety Products And Services Corporate News × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines L-M grad Matt Shoultz takes over Falcons football program Sprinters lead Muskie girls track at Jesse Day Invite Muskie boys track starts to put it together at Jesse Day Invite PREP SCOREBOARD | Thursday, April 14 Lothspeich's strong round helps in Muskie golfers' dual win More on this topic Ivanka Trump's brand ramped up China trademark work in 2016 Company that makes Ziploc bags expanding Michigan plant Illinois groups opposed to landline service legislation Business Highlights Raw milk advocates push to expand legalized sales Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Grassley says he expects Supreme Court Justice resignation within the year Body of MHS graduate reported missing in Iowa City found Katherine ‘Katie’ Joanne Brooker Lasting impact: Days before prom, Muscatine first responders simulate drunken driver fatal crash L-M grad Matt Shoultz takes over Falcons football program 1 dead in Wapello moped crash Muscatine man pleads guilty to assault and child endangerment New officers sworn in at city council meeting Butler excited for chance to lead L-M softball program Traci L. Luce Nickerson Currents World Massive iceberg draws hundreds to small Canadian town Food Where you can find the most caffeinated places in America +32 World Graphic photos: The political crisis in Venezuela Make-Ahead Chicken and Rice Bake Five NFL players who could be cut after the 2017 draft Pitcher James Shields placed on DL by White Sox Madison Bumgarner lands on DL after dirt bike accident Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 44 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 22, 2017 APRIL 22, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 22, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 44 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Weekly recalls: Motorized boards, food dehydrators The Associated Press First Published Apr 21 2017 02:18PM    •    Last Updated Apr 21 2017 02:18 pm Single page Share This Article More than 100,000 motorized boards are being recalled because the rear wheel can lock up, posing a fall hazard. Other recalled consumer products this week include chairs and food dehydrators. Here's a more detailed look: MOTORIZED CASTER BOARDS DETAILS: Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium-ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. "RipStik" is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. They were sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017. VIDEOS TOP JOBS WHY: The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: More than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. HOW MANY: About 158,000. FOR MORE: Call Razor at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.Razor.com and click on "CPSC Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. CHAIRS DETAILS: Wooden Stafford Windsor-style dining chairs with four legs sold at Cost Plus World Market and World Market stores nationwide and online at www.worldmarket.com from June 2016 through December 2016. The chairs have a walnut finish and are intended for indoor use. Purchase order number 200519526, 400519526, 200519525, 400519525, 200524057, 200536057, 200536058 or 400524058 is printed on the UPC label attached to the underside of the chair seat. WHY: The legs on the chairs can break, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: Three reports of in-store display chair legs breaking and one report of the chair leg bowing out. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 4,700. FOR MORE: Call Cost Plus at 877-967-5362 from 7 a.m. to midnight ET daily or visit www.worldmarket.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Huntsman calls for 'inept' U. administrators to be fired over cancer institute CEO's termination 'Trust gap' hounds the Mormon church, research shows Utah Jazz: Clippers stun Jazz with furious rally; L.A. takes 2-1 series lead UTA canceled promised bonuses of $474K and $375K for two officials Utah Democrats 'have no place to go but up,' says Bernie Sanders at rally Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 68 18 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 68 18 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News Local News Obituaries News Video Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather Atlanta Pollen Count NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks Atlanta United High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video AJC Peachtree Road Race BUY STUFF AJC Store SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music FIND IT My Atlanta Atlanta Events Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Spring in Atlanta Games AJC Peachtree Road Race THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Spring in Atlanta Events in Atlanta My Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper  Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale AJC Store close subnav open subnav Storefront 68 Atlanta, GA  30303 18 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts AJC Store Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out This N. Fulton Walmart set to close, impacting 70 jobs 0 This N. Fulton Walmart set to close, impacting 70 jobs 0 Mitchell Northam The Atlanta Journal-Constitution 2:38 p.m Friday, April 21, 2017 Neighborhoods 0 Neighborhoods View CaptionHide Caption AJC file Another one of Walmart’s Neighborhood Market stores is set to shut its doors for good. Phillip Keene, a spokesman with the mega retailer, confirmed that the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 11770 Haynes Bridge Road in Alpharetta will close by May 7. About 70 jobs will be affected, but all of the store’s employees will be offered transfer options at nearby Walmart locations. Walmart has two “Supercenter” stores in Alpharetta. ﻿RELATED: ﻿Police say woman stole $250 in items from Milton Target “The decision to close our Alpharetta Neighborhood Market is not an easy one, but, as a company, we are committed to continuing our growth and investment in Georgia,” Keene said in a statement. “We are grateful to the customers who have given us the privilege of serving them at our Alpharetta location.” The market also has a pharmacy and that will stay open until the end of April. Keene said Walmart will work with customers in transferring their prescriptions. ﻿RELATED: Grub Burger Bar will open fourth metro Atlanta location The Alpharetta location opened its doors in September 2012 and spans across 46,000 square feet. The news of its closing comes just weeks after Walmart closed its Neighborhood Market in Roswell. Walmart closed a store in Marietta on March 3 and seven other Georgia stores in early 2016. Keene added that Walmart and Sam’s Club operate more than 200 stores in Georgia and opened 11 more in 2016, creating about 1,400 jobs. Over the next year, Walmart plans to open a store in Cumming and will remodel 18 Georgia locations. ﻿RELATED: McDonald’s in Forsyth fails health inspection Like North Fulton County News Now on Facebook | Follow on Twitter and Instagram ﻿RELATED: Walmart Shoppers Claim They Recieved Counterfeit Bills From Cashiers Related Man allegedly swindled $2M from Sandy Springs woman Wild Wing Cafe in N. Fulton flunks health inspection This N. Fulton Walmart set to close, impacting 70 jobs Traffic alert: Race will shut down some north Fulton roads Saturday Grub Burger Bar opening fourth metro Atlanta location View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read Georgia judge loses it over vulgar courtroom exchange | Bill Rankin's Legal Brief Atlanta Falcons News | NFL | Main Page | AJC Prosecutor: Tex McIver has propensity for "dangerous conduct" Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 68 30303 18 Most Read Georgia judge loses it over vulgar courtroom exchange | Bill Rankin's Legal Brief Atlanta Falcons News | NFL | Main Page | AJC Prosecutor: Tex McIver has propensity for "dangerous conduct" Things To Do Add Event + See More More from ajc.com Topics News Sports Neighborhoods Life Things to do Blogs More Georgia Tech Gold 21, White 16, precipitation 0 News Police: Florida man threatens teens with gun over noisy car News Sunday Conversation with Terri Lynne Willis News At Issue: What should Gwinnett County do about Tommy Hunter situation? Sports Tebow’s visits become family affairs Sports 5 things Kennesaw State needs to work on for next season Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On-Air Schedule Announcers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Richard Leguil Justin LaBounty Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Listen Listen Live WJON Mobile App Mobile Site SONOS Events Insane Inflatable 5K Wing Fest 2017 Paint N Party IDoMN Wedding Guide Online Job Fair Community Calendar Send Us Your Event VIP Club Contests Help Sign Up Contests Win Your Dream Getaway! Dream Getaway Rules Win a $300 Amazon Gift Card Win a Car Dash Cam Win a Pressure Cooker Win a New Hammock Win a Coyote Moon Gift Card Win a Nikon Camera Win the Ultimate Camping Cooler Win a Dewalt Drill Kit Win a Kindle Paperwhite Win a Fire and Ice Facial from Rejuv Medical Win $100 to Fairview Gardens Win $100 to Crafts Direct Win $30 to Mexican Village Weather Forecast & Radar Closings News The Latest St. Cloud News State/Regional News Minnesota Sports Highlights Sports Fitness Friday All-Star Students Join the Club Behind the Scenes Outdoor News Outdoor Tips Everyday Heroes Frozen in Time Made in Central Minnesota This Date in History Features Contact Your Lawmakers Area Gas Prices Lost and Found Obituaries Contact Contact Info Feedback Send Us Your Announcement Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Your Dream Getaway! Walmart Stabbing McDonald’s Robbery Copper Pony Governor’s Fishing Opener Giving Tuesday Most Stressful Jobs WJON Mobile App MN Sports Video Pacific Wok Business Profile IDoMN Wedding Guide Charges Filed in Walmart Knife Attack By Lee Voss April 21, 2017 2:48 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Christian De Beche, photo courtesy of the Stearns County Jail ST. CLOUD — A St. Cloud man is being held on $150,000 bail after he allegedly stabbed a 17-year-old girl at Walmart Thursday night. Twenty-nine-year-old Christian De Beche is charge with 2nd degree assault with a dangerous weapon. According to the criminal complaint, the victim and her mother were shopping at the St. Cloud Walmart store at around 7:30 p.m. and noticed a man who appeared to be following them throughout the store. The mother told police that just prior to the stabbing, the man was standing next to them. She testified she heard a noise and looked over to see the man appear to be choking her daughter. She then realized her daughter was stabbed as she fell to the ground. Security arrived and detained De Beche who records show made statements consistent with “I did it,” “I’m guilty,” and “Arrest me”. Police arrived to find the girl lying in an aisle in a pool of blood with a stab would to her back and shoulder area and a three-inch folding knife nearby. The girl told police she doesn’t know the man and he didn’t make any comments prior to the attack. De Beche did not provide any statements before being arrested. He has another court hearing scheduled for May 1st. Filed Under: christian de beche | girl stabbed | walmart stabbing Category: courts | St. Cloud News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WJON Police: Man Dead After Motorcycle Crash in Sauk Rapids Minnesota Seeks Injunction Against Fargo-Moorhead Flood Plan Muslim Teen Wins Right to Box Competitively in Hijab Charges Filed in Walmart Knife Attack Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Tip Us: 320.257.7202 Listen Live Meet the Writers Jay Caldwell Kelly Cordes Dick Nelson Jim Maurice Lee Voss Alex Svejkovsky Chrissy Gaetke Justin LaBounty Richard Leguil Bill Henderson Dave Overlund Jerry Carlson See All Staff WJON on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Value Connection WJON Newsletter MN Sports Video Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more. Sign Up Now TOP STORIES Police: Man Dead After Motorcycle Crash in Sauk Rapids Charges Filed in Walmart Knife Attack Around the Town: Fitness Expo Kicks Off Earth Day Run Festivities [VIDEO] South Haven Man Hurt in Crash on Highway 10 in St. Cloud Technology, Acoustics Combine to Bring New Style of Music More News Recent Obituaries John “Spud” Edling, 81, Clear Lake Aurelia Vigil, 93, Cold Spring Lorraine M. Hanson, 94, Moose Lake Elmer Boeckmann, 86, Richmond Earl J. LaBore, 83, Sauk Rapids More Obituaries EEO Copyright Notice Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare St. Cloud Business Listings Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to The WJON VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wjon.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to The WJON VIP Club (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up for The WJON VIP Club Register Now Sign up for The WJON VIP Club quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive The WJON VIP Club contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook The WJON VIP Club brought to you by: AM 1240 WJON Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory Living Money & Finance National Recalls this week: Motorized boards, chairs By The Associated Press - 4/21/17 3:23 PM More than 100,000 motorized boards are being recalled because the rear wheel can lock up, posing a fall hazard. Other recalled consumer products this week include chairs and food dehydrators. Here’s a more detailed look: MOTORIZED CASTER BOARDS DETAILS: Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium-ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. “RipStik” is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. They were sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: More than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. HOW MANY: About 158,000. FOR MORE: Call Razor at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.Razor.com and click on “CPSC Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. CHAIRS DETAILS: Wooden Stafford Windsor-style dining chairs with four legs sold at Cost Plus World Market and World Market stores nationwide and online at www.worldmarket.com from June 2016 through December 2016. The chairs have a walnut finish and are intended for indoor use. Purchase order number 200519526, 400519526, 200519525, 400519525, 200524057, 200536057, 200536058 or 400524058 is printed on the UPC label attached to the underside of the chair seat. WHY: The legs on the chairs can break, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: Three reports of in-store display chair legs breaking and one report of the chair leg bowing out. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 4,700. FOR MORE: Call Cost Plus at 877-967-5362 from 7 a.m. to midnight ET daily or visit www.worldmarket.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page. FOOD DEHYDRATORS DETAILS: White, EZDRY, six-tray food dehydrators sold at Kohl’s stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from June 2016 through February 2017. EZDRY is printed on the front of the dehydrators. EZDRY and the model number EPD60W are printed on a white label on the bottom of the unit. They were sold in a white box labeled “EZDRY by Excalibur” Home Dehydrator with a picture of the product. These products are marked “Date Code: 2116, 2416, or 3316” engraved at the bottom of the label located on the bottom of the unit. WHY: The food dehydrator can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports of the dehydrator overheating and the plastic unit melting, including six reports of fire and one report resulting in property damage to the counter top. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 14,000. FOR MORE: Call Greenfield at 877-881-0065 from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to productrecall@thelegacycompanies.com or visit www.greenfieldworld.com and click on the “Recall Safety Information” at the top of the page. TAGS Business Corporate news Lifestyle Personal finance Product recalls Product safety Products and services The Associated Press The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering. AP is neither privately owned nor government-funded; instead, as a not-for-profit news cooperative owned by its American newspaper and broadcast members, it can maintain its single-minded focus on newsgathering and its commitment to the highest standards of objective, accurate journalism. STAY CONNECTED 12,301FansLike 3,718FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Is gov't reorg about firing feds?•New disability hiring guidance•Chaffetz leaving term early? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: Motorized… Recalls this week: Motorized boards, chairs By The Associated Press and The Associated Press April 21, 2017 3:21 pm 3 min read Share More than 100,000 motorized boards are being recalled because the rear wheel can lock up, posing a fall hazard. Other recalled consumer products this week include chairs and food dehydrators. Here’s a more detailed look: MOTORIZED CASTER BOARDS DETAILS: Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium-ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. “RipStik” is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. They were sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017. Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement WHY: The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: More than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. HOW MANY: About 158,000. FOR MORE: Call Razor at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.Razor.com and click on “CPSC Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. CHAIRS DETAILS: Wooden Stafford Windsor-style dining chairs with four legs sold at Cost Plus World Market and World Market stores nationwide and online at www.worldmarket.com from June 2016 through December 2016. The chairs have a walnut finish and are intended for indoor use. Purchase order number 200519526, 400519526, 200519525, 400519525, 200524057, 200536057, 200536058 or 400524058 is printed on the UPC label attached to the underside of the chair seat. What it would take to create real hiring reform WHY: The legs on the chairs can break, posing a fall hazard. INCIDENTS: Three reports of in-store display chair legs breaking and one report of the chair leg bowing out. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 4,700. FOR MORE: Call Cost Plus at 877-967-5362 from 7 a.m. to midnight ET daily or visit www.worldmarket.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page. FOOD DEHYDRATORS DETAILS: White, EZDRY, six-tray food dehydrators sold at Kohl’s stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com from June 2016 through February 2017. EZDRY is printed on the front of the dehydrators. EZDRY and the model number EPD60W are printed on a white label on the bottom of the unit. They were sold in a white box labeled “EZDRY by Excalibur” Home Dehydrator with a picture of the product. These products are marked “Date Code: 2116, 2416, or 3316” engraved at the bottom of the label located on the bottom of the unit. WHY: The food dehydrator can overheat, posing fire and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: 13 reports of the dehydrator overheating and the plastic unit melting, including six reports of fire and one report resulting in property damage to the counter top. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 14,000. FOR MORE: Call Greenfield at 877-881-0065 from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to productrecall@thelegacycompanies.com or visit www.greenfieldworld.com and click on the “Recall Safety Information” at the top of the page. Related Topics All News Business News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: Motorized… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1865: Lincoln's funeral train leaves DC Fed Photo of the Day Soil scientist Amanda Ashworth does field research Top Stories Low morale, cut corners just a few of agencies’ contracting woes while Congress debates federal funding Top Story The decluttering of the federal bureaucracy starts now Exclusive Under new leadership, what’s the future of the House oversight committee? Congress If DoD gets its money next week, it will know how to spend it in a hurry Defense News All ideas are ‘on the table’ as agencies develop reorg plans Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 21, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7416 -0.0082 1.73% L 2020 25.1796 -0.0240 2.91% L 2030 27.8971 -0.0432 4.13% L 2040 29.9595 -0.0548 4.73% L 2050 17.1382 -0.0359 5.28% G Fund 15.2971 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7793 0.0076 0.93% C Fund 32.5866 -0.0989 6.07% S Fund 42.8179 -0.1207 4.57% I Fund 26.2815 -0.0404 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
DirectoryPhotosAboutContactAdvertise Free TrialSubscribeSign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Home Local Agendas and Notices Church Corrections Court Reports Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Calendar Classifieds Out Our Way: The Gospel according to Goliath: Crossing the bridge     Share   Tweet 0 Comments April 21, 2017 Out our way even Beaver Creek can seem pretty powerful when the rains come and the snow melts. As many of you know, up on the nature trail in the park is the terrifying culvert but I have to admit a few years back when the bridge at the Lion's Campground was wiped out, crossing Beaver Creek had me more than a little nervous. Goliath is a big horse, 16 1/2 hands high and weighing a good 1,200 pounds. I know because he once stepped on my foot and I limped for a month! Yet, even so, there was white water as the current rushed and now and again a few broken limbs from downed trees swept by. Charlie and I needed to cross the creek. Charlie, who after years on the Border Patrol and working cows out here had no concerns at all. But Goliath and I were a bit nervous. I urged Goliath to the edge and he wasn't totally thrilled with the idea of going in. Charlie and Jet just waded across without hesitation, so after sniffing the water and considering it, Golitah stepped in and walked through it to the other side. Turns out it wasn't so bad after all. In fact it wasn't even as deep as we thought. Once across, I had to wonder - what was all the fuss about? As many of you know, to support my ministry I also work at Walmart on the early shift that starts at 4 a.m. As you can imagine, it is pretty dark as I take U.S. Highway 2 past the mall and cross over the hill to the store below. There are street lights all the way to the U.S. Highway 87 intersection and when you reach the top of the hill, the road curves to the south and the street lights are seen from an angle. For whatever reason, the way they show up reminds me of a narrow bridge in the blackness and every morning as I sight the "bridge" I have found myself thinking and praying for folks who have died this past year. The "bridge" has become for me a symbol of their "crossing over." It is pitch black at 4 a.m. - even when the full moon is setting over Walmart and Black Mesa - and as I pray for those beloved souls and their families, I think about what lies on the other side of "the bridge." Is it just darkness and oblivion as some folks say? One crosses over into nothingness? Or is there something more on the other side? Well, that got me thinking about why Goliath and I were able to cross flooded Beaver Creek with a sense of confidence that time. It was because Charlie had already done it. In the same way, I realized that while I mourn those who have crossed "the bridge," and find I am more than a little nervous about the fact I will be crossing over as well one day. I have the assurance that not only is there an "other side," but that I will get there with dry feet. For just as Charlie showed me that Beaver Creek could be crossed, so Christ has shown me that death itelf can and will be crossed when the time comes. On Easter Sunday, we were reminded that the resurrection was not a myth, but historical event. Yes, we have the testimony of the Gospel accounts, but we have more than that. For the past two years, the folks and I have studied the Book of Acts, the story of the birth of the Church, all of which took place after the Resurrection and because of the Resurrection. In addition to the women and Apostles who saw the risen Christ that Sunday morning, all of whom were challenged and most put to death for refusing to back off the claim of the Risen One - we have the testimony of others. For example, we have the testimony of James, one of Jesus' siblings. James and his brothers and sisters, you may recall, believed Jesus was "beside himself" when He claimed to be the Messiah. That's a nice way of saying they thought he was crazy. Yet we discover that the Risen Christ appeared to James, who went on to become the head of the Church until he was killed by those who hated the Church and the Gospel. And then there is the case of Saul of Tarsus, a sworn enemy of Christ and the Church who made a name for himself as a persecutor of Christians. That is, until he also met the Risen Christ on the road to Damascus and became Paul, the author of the majority of the New Testament. Like James, he also suffered and died for the faith rather than back away from the claim that Christ had indeed risen. Historically, many others who once despised the faith and sought to destroy it found the Risen Christ to be no myth or fairy tale, but a reality that refuses to go away. For over 2,000 years there have always been those in power who have sought to kill the faith, to eliminate Christ and His Church. They want Jesus dead and buried, and for a time they seem to prevail. As the high priests and religious authorities shut Him up in the tomb, so various emperors, dictators and fanatics have tried to do the same by throwing Christians to the lions, shutting them up in Gulags, mowing them down with gun fire or beheading them in town squares and sending video out to the world The Church remains. Nero is dead. Hitler is dead. Lenin and Stalin are dead. So are many terrorists who blow up their own people as well as the so-called infidels in indiscriminate bombings of innocents. Yet Christ remains. He is risen and after 2,000 years of His enemies trying to get rid of Him, it should be clear to one and all - even them - Christ is risen and He is not going away. John Bruington and Goliath's continue to serve First Presbyterian Church of Havre. They intend to keep on serving Christ until they cross the Bridge and then look forward to continuing to serve on the other side. You might be interested in: For the Record, April 20, 2017 Hill County Justice Court, Nov 2016 Quick Pics - Cultural differences discussed Correction: Vacant properties LIbrary hosting 'Load sixteen tons, and what do you get'   Most Popular Havreite campaigns to...Paul Dragu Panthers heading to Ha...Chris Peterson Ponies face Central A...Chris Peterson Ponies get back on the...Chris Peterson Hi-Line Living - Helpi...Alex Ross Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Sections Local Obituaries Sports Opinion Calendar classifieds Newspaper Contact Subscribe About Photos Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Mobile Browser Advertise Advertise Business Directory Contribute Submit Content Letter to the Editor Connect With Us Havre Daily News 119 2nd Street Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 Email: news@havredailynews.com © 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation © Copyright 2017 Rendered 04/21/2017 13:04
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Retail LATEST NEWS SIT issues second summons to Digambar Kamat in illegal mining case India keeps China hanging on BRI Green watchdog swings into action to clean Bengaluru lake India becoming hub of international arbitration: CJI J S Khehar Madrassas, mosques under terror radar Vijay Mallya laundered money to British cos, India tells UK Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportTechTelecom AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel ET Home›Industry›Services›Retail 04:05 PM | 21 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,365-57.09 NIFTY 50 9,119-17.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,38691.0 USD/INR 64.610.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Walmart sees India as a key growth market, to invest more to expand business By Varun Jain , ET Bureau | Apr 22, 2017, 12.16 AM IST Post a Comment According to reports, Walmart India is evaluating foreign direct investment guidelines for the food retail space, where India permits 100% foreign holding. NEW DELHI: Walmart Stores sees India as a key growth market, along with China, and plans to allocate capital to these with a focus to expand business profitably. "In order to grow our business profitably, we-'re making strategic choices to simplify our portfolio and be more focused," said chief executive Doug McMillon in Walmart's annual report for 2017. "For example, we've sold non-core assets like shopping malls in Chile and Suburbia clothing chain in Mexico. Our emphasis for capital allocation is on our core North American markets (Mexico and Canada) and key growth markets (China and India). We are intentionally focused on investing in markets, channels and formats that position us to win." Walmart will focus on investing in its core business with store remodels as well as technology and customer initiatives such as online grocery and pickup, staying open to divest non-core assets if in company interest, the report said. According to news reports, Walmart India, a wholly owned subsidiary of US-based Walmart, is evaluating foreign direct investment guidelines for the food retail space, where India permits 100% foreign holding. The company in the annual report said it will focus more on growing through the ecommerce route and go slow on expanding its offline presence in the US. "We'll continue to build our ecommerce and digital capabilities and we'll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money," said McMillon. "We were founded on an everyday low-cost mentality but we think we have opportunities to work in new ways and find a path to a lower cost base. This is vital for our future," the CEO wrote in the report. The retailer will look to strengthen its store presence along with technological capabilities outside of the US. Comments(0)Add Comments Walmart sees India as a key growth market, to invest more to expand business To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Wal-Mart looks at online presence, Amazon considers offline stores Walmart evaluating FDI guidelines on food retail in India: CEO Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities Walmart okay with selling only Made-in-India products: India CEO READ MORE ONwalmartIndia FDIgrocery sectorfood sectorEcommerce Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Chembur Central - Flats start at 42 Lacs XRBIA DEVELOPERS LTD MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Kumar Mangalam Birla's secret idea could take the world of business by storm Railway station where PM Narendra Modi sold tea gets Rs 8 crore for facelift Thanks to Brexit! Rolls-Royce, Aston Martin have cut prices in India by Rs 20L to more than Rs 1cr HDFC Bank reduces staff count by 7% in March quarter You may soon get delivery of petrol, diesel at your doorstep More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Bahubali 2 BSE Sensex|KKR vs GL Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Hidden Laborers Training AI to Keep Ads Off Hateful YouTube Videos subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Well, you definitely don't see that everyday bit.ly/2ocZVhh Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 04.21.17. 04.21.17 Time of Publication: 2:08 pm. 2:08 pm The Hidden Laborers Training AI to Keep Ads Off Hateful YouTube Videos Getty Images Every day across the nation, people doing work for Google log in to their computers and start watching YouTube. They look for violence in videos. They seek out hateful language in video titles. They decide whether to classify clips as “offensive” or “sensitive.” They are Google’s so-called “ads quality raters,” temporary workers hired by outside agencies to render judgments machines still can’t make all on their own. And right now, Google appears to need these humans’ help—urgently. YouTube, the Google-owned video giant, sells ads that accompany millions of the site’s videos each day. Automated systems determine where those ads appear, and advertisers often don’t know which specific videos their ads will show up next to. Recently, that uncertainty has turned into a big problem for Google. The company has come under scrutiny after multiple reports revealed that it had allowed ads to run against YouTube videos promoting hate and terrorism. Advertisers such as Walmart, PepsiCo, and Verizon, ditched the platform, and much of the wider Google ad network. Google has scrambled to control the narrative, saying the media has overstated the problem of ads showing up adjacent to offensive videos. Flagged videos received “less than 1/1000th of a percent of the advertisers’ total impressions,” the company says. Google’s chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, says the issue affected a “very very very small” number of videos. But ad raters say the company is marshalling them as a force to keep the problem from getting worse. ‘We know very well that human eyes—and human brains—need to put some deliberate thought into evaluating content.’ Former Ad Rater Because Google derives 90 percent of its revenue from advertisers, it needs to keep more from fleeing by targeting offensive content—fast. But users upload nearly 600,000 hours of new video to YouTube daily; it would take a small city of humans working around the clock to watch it all. That’s why the tech giant has emphasized that it’s hard at work developing artificially intelligent content filters, software that can flag offensive videos at a greater clip than ever before. “The problem cannot be solved by humans and it shouldn’t be solved by humans,” Schindler recently told Bloomberg. The problem is, the company still needs humans to train that AI. So Google still depends on a phalanx of human workers to identify and flag offensive material to build the trove of data its AI will learn from. But eight current and former raters tell WIRED that, at a time the company is increasingly reliant on ad raters’ work, poor communication with Google and a lack of job stability are impairing their ability to do their jobs well. “I’m not saying this is the entire reason for the current crisis,” says a former Google ad rater, who was not authorized to speak with WIRED about the program. “But I do believe the instability in the program is a factor. We raters train AI, but we know very well that human eyes—and human brains—need to put some deliberate thought into evaluating content.” Human Tasks Tech companies have long employed content moderators, and as people upload and share more and more content, this work has become increasingly important to these internet giants. The ad raters WIRED spoke with explained that their role goes beyond monitoring videos. They read comment sections to flag abusive banter between users. They check all kinds of websites served by Google’s ad network to ensure they meet the company’s standards of quality. They classify sites by category, such as retail or news, and click links in ads to see if they work. And, as their name suggests, they rate the quality of ads themselves. In March, however, in the wake of advertiser boycotts, Google asked raters to set that other work aside in favor of a “high-priority rating project” that would consume their workloads “for the foreseeable future,” according to an email the company sent them. This new project meant focusing almost exclusively on YouTube—checking the content of videos or entire channels against a list of things that advertisers find objectionable. “It’s been a huge change,” says one ad rater. ‘I’m worried if I take too long on too many videos in a row I’ll get fired.’ Ad Rater Raters say their workload suggests that volume and speed are more of a priority than accuracy. In some cases, they’re asked to review hours-long videos in less than two minutes. On anonymous online forums, raters swap time-saving techniques—for instance, looking up rap video lyrics to scan quickly for profanity, or skipping through a clip in 10-second chunks instead of watching the entire thing. A timer keeps track of how long they spend on each video, and while it is only a suggested deadline, raters say it adds a layer of pressure. “I’m worried if I take too long on too many videos in a row I’ll get fired,” one rater tells WIRED. Ad raters don’t just flag videos as inappropriate. They are asked to make granular assessments of their title and contents—classifying them, for instance, as containing “Inappropriate Language,” such as “profanity,” “hate speech,” or “other.” Or “Violence,” with the subcategories “terrorism,” “war and conflict,” “death and tragedy,” or “other.” There’s also “Drugs” and “Sex/Nudity” (with the subcategories “abusive,” “nudity,” or “other”). The system also provides the ad rater with an option for “other sensitive content”—if, say, someone is sharing extreme political views. (AdAge recently reported that Google is now allowing clients to opt out advertising alongside “sexually suggestive” and “sensational and shocking” content, as well as content containing “profanity and rough language.”) Some material doesn’t always fit neatly into the provided categories, ad raters say. In those cases, raters label the material as “unrateable.” One current rater described how he had to evaluate two Spanish-speaking people engaged in a rap battle. “I checked it as unrateable because of the foreign language,” he told WIRED. “I also added a comment that said it seems like this is a video of people insulting each other in a foreign language, but I can’t exactly tell if they are using profanity.” (Judging from recent ad-rating job openings, one former rater said, Google seems to be prioritizing hiring bilingual raters. Workers can also check a box when a video is in a language they don’t understand.) Related Stories Davey Alba YouTube’s Ad Problems Finally Blow Up in Google’s Face Emily Dreyfuss AI Isn’t Smart Enough (Yet) to Spot Horrific Facebook Videos Davey Alba Google Goes After Bad Ads and Bad Sites That Profit From Them Adrian Chen The Laborers Who Keep Dick Pics and Beheadings Out of Your Facebook Feed Multiple ad raters say they have been asked to watch videos with shocking content. “The graphic stuff is far more graphic lately… someone trying to commit suicide with their dog in their truck,” one rater said. The person set the truck on fire, the rater said, then exited the truck and committed suicide with a shot to the head. In the online forums frequented by ad raters, anonymous posters said they had seen videos of violence against women, children, and animals. Several posters said they needed to take breaks after watching several such videos in a row. Ad raters said they don’t know how Google selects the videos they will watch—they only see the title and thumbnail of the video before they rate it, not a rationale. Other typical content in videos raters are tasked to watch include people talking video games, politics, and conspiracy theories. Taken together, the scope of the work and nuance required in assessing videos shows Google still needs human help in dealing with YouTube’s ad problems. “We have many sources of information, but one of our most important sources is people like you,” Google tells raters in a document describing the purpose of their ad-rating work. But while only machine intelligence can grapple with YouTube’s scale, as company execs and representatives have stressed again and again, until Google’s machines—or anyone else’s—get smart enough to distinguish, say, truly offensive speech from other forms of expression on its own, such efforts will still need to rely on people. “We have always relied on a combination of technology and human reviews to analyze content that has been flagged to us because understanding context in video can be subjective,” says Chi Hea Cho, a spokesperson for Google. “Recently we added more people to accelerate the reviews. These reviews help train our algorithms so they keep improving over time.” Human Resources The ads quality rater program started in 2004, two sources told WIRED. It was modeled after Google’s (much talked-about) search quality evaluation program, and initially served Google’s core ad initiatives: AdWords, which generates ads that correspond to search results and AdSense, which place ads on websites through Google. The original hiring agency for ad raters, ABE, paid ad raters $20 an hour. They could work full-time and even overtime, one former rater said. In 2006, WorkForceLogic acquired ABE, after which raters say working conditions became less favorable. A company called ZeroChaos bought WorkForceLogic in 2012 and contracts with ad raters today. Ad rating work often attracts people who prefer more flexible working conditions, among them college graduates who have just entered the workforce, workers nearing retirement age, stay-at-home parents, and individuals with physical disabilities. Ad raters can work wherever and whenever they want, as long as they fulfill the 10-hour weekly minimum work requirement. Raters only need their own desktop computer and mobile device to work with. The scope of the work and nuance required in assessing videos shows Google still needs human help. But the inherent instability of the job can take a toll on many workers. “Most of us love this job,” one ad rater tells WIRED, “but we have no chance of becoming permanent, full-time employees.” Most of the ad raters who spoke to WIRED were hired through ZeroChaos—just one of several agencies that provide temporary workers to tech companies. ZeroChaos hires ad raters on one-year contracts, and at least until very recently, they could not stay on the job after two years of continuous work. Some workers believed this limit deprived the company of experienced raters best qualified to do the work. (In early April, during our reporting on this story, ZeroChaos notified ad raters that it was ending the two-year limit.) Ad raters do not get raises—they earn $15 per hour and can work a maximum of 29 hours a week. They get no paid time off. They can sign up for benefits if they work at least 25 hours per week, but they have no assurance they will have enough tasks to meet that threshold. Workers say they can find themselves dismissed suddenly, without warning and without a reason given—something multiple employees say has happened to them, one after only a week on the job. The company notifies workers of termination with a perfunctory email message. “Google strives to work with vendors that have a strong track record of good working conditions,” says Cho. “When issues come to our attention, we alert these vendors about their employees’ concerns and work with them to address any issues. We will look into this matter further.” ZeroChaos declined to comment. A lack of clear communication with Google itself compounds the feelings of job insecurity ad raters have, they say. They don’t meet anyone they work for in person—including during the job interview process—and Google gives raters only a generic Google email for the “Ads Evaluation Administrative team,” telling the raters to use it only for task-related issues. When raters email the address, they only receive an auto-response. “Because of the volume of reports received, administrators do not respond to individual problem reports: instead, we monitor incoming reports to detect system-wide problems as quickly as possible,” Google’s reply reads. “If you need an individualized response, or a specific action taken on your account, contact your contract administrator instead.” “The communication from Google was totally nonexistent,” one former rater said. “Google is legendary for not communicating.” “The people at the other end of this pipeline in Mountain View are like the wizard behind the curtain,” another former rater said. “We would like very much to communicate with them, be real colleagues, but no.” Related Video How Do You Make a Video Go Viral? Unruly Media’s Sarah Wood Explains For its part, Google does inform raters that they’re doing important work, even if it doesn’t spell out exactly why. “We won’t always be able to tell you what [each] task is for, but it’s always something we consider important,” the company explains in orientation materials for ad raters. “You won’t often hear about the results of your work. In fact, it sometimes might seem like your work just flows into a black hole… Even though you don’t always see the impact, your work is very important, and many people at Google review it very, very closely.” Sometimes too closely for some workers’ comfort. Google incorporates already-reviewed content into ad raters’ assignments to gauge their performance. “These exams appear as normal tasks, and you will acquire them along with your regular work,” an email to an ad rater from Google reads. “You will not be able to tell which tasks you are being tested on … We use exam scores to evaluate your performance. Very low scores may result in your assignment being ended.” Embedding questions with known answers is a common practice in crowdsourcing research, according to Georgia Tech AI researcher Mark Riedl. The strategy is often used to determine whether a researcher should throw out data from an individual who might be clicking randomly, he explains, and it’s often jokingly called the Turing Test among practitioners. But Riedl says he doesn’t care for the Turing Test reference. “It perpetuates an attitude that crowd workers are machines when instead we need to recognize that crowd workers are humans, for whom we have an ethical and moral responsibility to design tasks that recognize the dignity of the worker,” he says. To be sure, not all ad raters find fault with the issues raised by some of their fellow workers. The $15-per-hour rate is still above most cities’ minimum wages. One ad rater told me he was grateful for the opportunity ZeroChaos gave him. “[ZeroChaos] didn’t care about a criminal background when even McDonald’s turned me down,” the rater said. Multiple raters said they’d been close to homelessness or needing to go on food stamps when this job came along. But others say the flexibility often doesn’t end up working in their favor, even as they come to depend on this job. Working from home and choosing one’s own hours are perks. But according to a ZeroChaos FAQ, ad raters are prohibited from working for other companies at the same time. One former ad rater says she is now doing temp work for another company through ZeroChaos and would also like to resume doing ad rater work to help make ends meet but can’t because of the restriction. “If I could work jobs simultaneously, that would be great, a living wage,” she says. “Right now, I’m earning $40 a week more than I did on unemployment. That’s not sustainable.” The Human-AI Connection Big companies across the tech industry employ temporary workers to participate in repetitive tasks meant to train AI systems, according to multiple ad raters WIRED spoke with. One ad rater described a job several years ago rating Microsoft Bing search results, in which human evaluators were expected to go through as many as 80 pages of search results an hour. LinkedIn and Facebook employ humans for similar tasks too, raters told me—LinkedIn for data annotation, and Facebook for rating “sponsored posts” from fan pages. (Microsoft declined to comment, while LinkedIn could not confirm such a program. Facebook did not respond to a request for comment.) The overall job insecurity of temp work and widespread turnover unsettles current and former employees, who argue Google is losing the institutional knowledge possessed by workers who have spent more time on the job. “They’re wasting money by taking the time to train new people then booting them out the door,” says one former ad rater. But churning through human ad raters may just reflect best practices for making AI smarter. Artificial intelligence researchers and industry experts say a regular rotation of human trainers inputting data is better for training AI. “AI needs many perspectives, especially in areas like offensive content,” says Jana Eggers, CEO of AI startup Nara Logics. Even the Supreme Court could not describe obscenity, she points out, citing the “I know it when I see it” threshold test. “Giving ‘the machine’ more eyes to see is going to be a better result.” But while AI researchers agree in general that poor human morale doesn’t necessarily cause poor machine learning, there may be more subtle effects that stem from one’s work environment and experiences. “One often hears the perspective that getting large amounts of diverse inputs is the way to go for training AI models,” says Bart Selman, a Cornell University AI professor. “This is often a good general guideline, but when it comes to ethical judgments it is also known that there are significant ingrained biases in most groups.” For example, Selman says, the perception that men are better at certain types of jobs than women, and vice versa. “So, if your train your AI hiring model on the perceptions of a regular group of opinions, or past hiring decisions, you will get the hidden biases present in the general population.” And if it turns out you’re training your AI mainly on the perceptions of anxious temp workers, they could wind up embedding their own distinct biases in those systems. “You would not want to train an AI ethics module by having it observe what regular people do in everyday life,” Selman says. “You want to get input from people that have thought about potential biases and ethical issues more carefully.” Googlers at the company’s sprawling Mountain View headquarters enjoy a picturesque campus, free gourmet cafeteria food, and rec room games like pool and foosball. That’s a far cry from the life of a typical ad rater. These days, working for the world’s most valuable tech companies can mean luxurious perks and huge paydays. It can also mean toiling away as a temp worker at rote tasks, training these companies’ machines to do the same work. Have any secrets you want to share? Use WIRED SecureDrop. Related Video Business What Can Facebook Do About Live Murders and Suicides? Steve Stephens recorded himself murdering an innocent victim and then uploaded the footage to Facebook. The horrific act has put Facebook under immense pressure to do something, but can the company prevent broadcasting acts of violence without fundamentally changing the purpose of the social media platform. WIRED explores Facebook’s limited options. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Advertising Artificial Intelligence google YouTube Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular You’ve Never Heard of Tech Legend Bob Taylor, But He Invented ‘Almost Everything’ In Memoriam You’ve Never Heard of Tech Legend Bob Taylor, But He Invented ‘Almost Everything’ Leslie Berlin Don’t Look Now, But Extremists’ Meme Armies Are Turning Into Militias Internet Culture Don’t Look Now, But Extremists’ Meme Armies Are Turning Into Militias Emma Grey Ellis How San Francisco Kept Moving Through Its Massive #PowerOutage transportation How San Francisco Kept Moving Through Its Massive #PowerOutage Aarian Marshall The Hidden Laborers Training AI to Keep Ads Off Hateful YouTube Videos Google The Hidden Laborers Training AI to Keep Ads Off Hateful YouTube Videos Davey Alba The Mystery of the 5-Foot-Long Shipworm Just Got Stinkier biology The Mystery of the 5-Foot-Long Shipworm Just Got Stinkier Matt Simon How a Single Gene Could Become a Volume Knob for Pain Science How a Single Gene Could Become a Volume Knob for Pain Erika Hayasaki The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding Code The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding Clive Thompson The Secret to Free Fire’s 62-Minute Shootout? Minecraft Movies The Secret to Free Fire’s 62-Minute Shootout? Minecraft Angela Watercutter More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Business Ad-Blocking Just Might Save the Ad Industry Klint Finley In Memoriam You’ve Never Heard of Tech Legend Bob Taylor, But He Invented ‘Almost Everything’ Leslie Berlin Artificial Intelligence Meet the Cute, Wobbly Robot That Started the AI Revolution Augmented Reality The Rise of AR Will Recreate Your Filter Bubbles In the Real World Cade Metz Virtual Reality Facebook Unveils Two New VR Cameras With ‘Six Degrees of Freedom’ Cade Metz transportation How San Francisco Kept Moving Through Its Massive #PowerOutage Aarian Marshall We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Well, you definitely don't see that everyday bit.ly/2ocZVhh Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Well, you definitely don't see that everyday bit.ly/2ocZVhh Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
jalopnik Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Illustration credit Sam Woolley/GMG The Summer I Spent Picking Up Hitchhikers On The Appalachian Trail Mr. RegularYesterday 12:40pm Filed to: true stories Regular Car Reviews hitchhiking appalachian trail 113 67 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink You may also like Jalopnik Kansans Are Going Crazy Over A Terrible Driver Nicknamed 'The CR-V Lady' Jalopnik This Is Why Peasant Democracies Suck Jalopnik Michigan Court Issues Absurd Ruling Against Man Ticketed For Warming Up Car In Driveway Black Flag How I Tried To Figure Out If Sandra Bullock Owns A Forgotten Race Track In Central Texas Advertisement I picked up hitchhikers all summer. Here’s what happened. Advertisement This story begins June 30, 2016. Pennsylvania builder Bruce Henn finished Regular Car Reviews’ project car “The Vagabond Falcon,” a 1960 Ford Falcon four-door running on a 1993 Fox-body driveline. My job was to put miles on the Vagabond Falcon and gently break it in with a mix of city and highway driving. I picked up hitchhikers to do this. Advertisement The hitchhikers were all Appalachian thru-hikers; modern monks walking the approximately 2,200-mile long trail from Georgia to Maine. The Appalachian Trail passes through Pennsylvania near Bruce Henn’s Garage in the adjacent town of Port Clinton. The Falcon. Port Clinton is an old canal and railroad town near the intersection of Pennsylvania Route 61 and Interstate 78—approximately four hours west of New York City (by car) and two hours northwest of Philadelphia. Port Clinton has one main street about one-third of a mile long, and about five cross streets only 100 yards long. Its local economy includes: One rail yard One barbershop One bar One volunteer fire company One soda vending machine located in a resident’s front yard, and One high-end BMW motorcycle dealership attracting wealthy out-of-towners zooming around town on $18,000 touring bikes For me, the most important landmark in Port Clinton is St. John’s Pavillion, an open-air structure covering a generous 1,000 square feet. “The Pavilion” is free to use by any thru- or section-hiker seeking a roof to sleep under as they traverse the Appalachian trail. Across the road from The Pavilion is a camping area, for those who prefer the privacy of their own tents, and a brick stove for cooking. There are other shelters along the Pennsylvania section of the Appalachian Trail (501 shelter, Eagle’s Nest, Eckville Shelter) but none are as large as the Port Clinton Pavilion. Hikers commonly spend two or three nights there, resting, socializing and hitchhiking two miles south on Pennsylvania Route 61 to the Tilden Shopping Center to re-supply at Walmart, and replace broken camping equipment and tools at a Cabela’s. Advertisement Sponsored Every few days, I would cruise the Vagabond Falcon along Route 61 looking for outstretched thumbs and backpacks. If I found none, I would hang out at the Port Clinton Pavilion and hear their stories in exchange for rides. (To protect the innocent and the guilty, names have been changed.) June 30, Port Clinton, 11 a.m. I rolled up to the pavilion in Vagabond Falcon. Eight hikers milled around inside the Pavilion. Parking the old car in a dirt turnaround, I walked up the four concrete steps in front. “That your car?” one hiker asked. “Yep,” I said, holding up a green Coleman jug, “I brought some water if you need to top off.” “Oh, right on!” Advertisement Advertisement The first hiker I met that day went by the trail name “Cargo.” On the AT, folks rarely use real names. Like Fight Club, who you are on the trail is not who you are in real life. Cargo was a man in his early 40s, wearing a patchy mustache and self-buzz haircut. Cargo said he could use a ride to the Lowe’s, a big box hardware store, to look for work. “I have 15 years of construction experience,” Cargo told me. “Up there there’s gonna be a foreman pissed off at one of his guys, guarantee it. I’ll go up to him and take that guy’s place for a few days.” On the AT, folks rarely use real names. Like Fight Club, who you are on the trail is not who you are in real life. Cargo’s approach to thru-hiking was atypical. His plan was that he would hike for a week, stop in a town and scab as much work as he could. Most thru-hikers had money set aside for the trip. Other hikers told me that the minimum fund for an AT thru-hike was $1,700. Cargo was penniless and his backpack frame was broken. Advertisement “My wife threw all my stuff out of the second story window of my mother’s house and stole my table saw,” said Cargo. “My backpack must have broken then.” “Was that before you set-off?” I asked him. “Yeah.” Advertisement Advertisement “And you’ve been hiking with a broken frame this whole time?” “Yeah, I was an emancipated child.” I didn’t know what to say to that, so I searched the Falcon’s trunk and found some J&B Weld for Cargo’s backpack frame. He told me that he was at Lowe’s yesterday and a cashier told him that a construction company in Hamburg is hiring and maybe he could get temporary work there. Advertisement Cargo and I hopped in Vagabond Falcon and drove into the town of Hamburg looking for this construction company at the address Cargo had written on a scrap of cardboard. As we drove through stop-and-go traffic, the Falcon’s brakes squeaked at every stop. “You have air in your lines,” said Cargo from the passenger side of the front bench seat. I used to be a mechanic for seven years. Yep, you have air in your lines. If you have tools back at your house, I could come to your house and we can fix it! I can do it fast!” “Thanks for your offer, but I have a guy,” I said. I pumped the brake pedal at a stop and it felt firm. No spongy feeling. Advertisement Advertisement “Here’s the address, nothing here,” I say, “Unless they’re running a construction business out of that house.” We were stopped in a suburban cul-de-sac. “That clerk was telling stories,” Cargo said flatly. I ratcheted the Falcon’s B&M Megashifter into reverse and pointed her sunburnt hood back in the direction of Port Clinton. The Port Clinton Pavillion. Photo credit ih/Flickr 1 p.m. Port Clinton Pavilion, same day A handful of thru-hikers gathered around a communal box of donuts and store-brand water bottles at a picnic table under the pavilion. A thin thru-hiker named “General Tsu” had dark red bruises and cuts on his forehead, just above his left eye. He wore an unbuttoned shirt, exposing his hollow chest. The previous night, according to General Tsu himself, he drank all the rum he could and fell flat on his face. Wherever he landed, he slept. Advertisement Above our heads, birds flew about the rafters of the Pavilion. The small brown birds built nests up there. If you watched, you could see wiggling baby birds eager for sustenance. White islands of bird poop blotted the Pavilion’s wooden floor. Hikers pay the birds and their droppings little mind. By the end of the day, thru-hikers are mentally and physically drained. All they desire is food, water, carbohydrates, protein, and maybe booze and/or weed. But hiker exhaustion isn’t a hard and fast rule. There are some hikers who arrive at Port Clinton rejuvenated and ready for more activities. I watched two built girls arrive at the Pavilion, drop their packs, spread yoga mats down on the grass, and get to stretching. Advertisement Cargo resolved to fix his pack’s frame with more than just J&B Weld, and he was using everything he could get his hands on. Band aids, post-office mailing tape, clear epoxy. It wasn’t going well. SNAP. His pack’s frame breaks further. Advertisement “SONOFABITCH!” Cargo yelled. He threw his pack’s frame down and stomped around the Pavilion’s floor. “I’m going to go down to Dalton, South Carolina and shoot a motherfucker!” The Yoga Girls stood up, gathered their mats and packs, walked across the road and set up on the grass lawn by the brick grill, far away. I quietly gathered my notes and carried them out to Vagabond Falcon’s trunk. Advertisement “Sorry for getting worked up,” Cargo said. “Don’t worry about it,” I said, and left. My Walker Quiet-Flow muffler hides the Ford 5.0's telltale growl unless I stand on the throttle. Cargo returned to his backpack troubles and I drove home, the single exhaust dump puffing a soft gurgle. July 3, 183-Crossing The Appalachian Trail crosses Pennsylvania Highway 183 approximately fifteen miles north of Port Clinton. No amenities lie at this crossing. Hikers only find a dribbling spring about a quarter-mile off-trail and a local Trail Angel who restores a cooler full of “Trail Magic”— food and band aids to help hikers along. Advertisement Advertisement I parked the Falcon up against a grass hill. There was no designated parking, only a dirt lot with “No Parking” signs. I’d never seen parking enforced here. The dirt lot connects to a fire trail. I suppose the state wants the lot clear so fire jeeps can reach the game lands about two miles from Route 183. Hikers arrived piecemeal. When two Crown Victoria police interceptors and a GMC ambulance arrived at her elderly parents’ house one night, Stevie Nix bought the biggest camping backpack she could find and hit the AT. “Ezekiel.” An older gentleman who has hiked alone since the Georgia border, started at Springer Mountain with a friend but that person got tendentious and dropped out for clear reasons. Advertisement “I’m a contractor,” Ezekiel said, “and I quit my job after I got on the trail. I just called-in and told him [boss] that I’m done.” “Stevie Nix.” A solid-looking woman in her early 50's who sweated enough serotonin and dopamine to cure every case of depression at PAX-East. “How far have you come?” I asked her. Advertisement Advertisement “Since the beginning!” she said while smiling, and holding her arms out. “Since the very beginning and I feel FAN-TAS-TIC!” Stevie Nix told me that her family members back home in Kentucky were in a protracted feud with each other. The fighting went on for years for reasons that are too grim to report here. She told me what happened, but I can’t bring my fingers to type the sentences. When two Crown Victoria police interceptors and a GMC ambulance arrived at her elderly parents’ house one night, Stevie Nix bought the biggest camping backpack she could find and hit the AT. For Stevie Nix, the Appalachian trail worked better than any therapist. She was happy now and eagerly hung out at my car, enjoying juice boxes and snacks my friend Carrie brought. Advertisement “Eyes Down Kid.” This young man wasn’t a thru-hiker. I never got his name so I made one up. He was a late-single-digit boy walking southbound on the AT with his Oakley-wearing, attaboy-chanting, tight-black-t-shirt-flexing, fit-bit-bracelet-checking dad. “Eyes-Down-Kid” was still growing into his ears. Stevey Nix congratulated him on hiking just like the big kids. “Eyes-Down-Kid” picked his eyes up off the trails for two Mississippi-Seconds, looked at Stevie Nix, then looks back down at the dirt and rocks. His Touchdown-Father grinned. “Party Sub.” Male, early 20s, ukulele strapped to his pack. Party Sub’s pack was from the 1980s. Its design features a fully external tube frame. Party Sub said he makes extra money on the trail by busking outside Walmarts. “Moth.” Male, late 20s or early 30s—hard to tell. Moth had a shorter beard than most other hikers. He wore modern hiking clothes made by brands like Under Armor and Reebok. On his back was a high tech Osprey Pack, the Tesla of hiking gear. Moth was very open about his former profession. Advertisement Advertisement “I was was a light-tech on Spielberg’s Lincoln,” Moth said. “I spent most of my day up in a crane adjusting lights. I’d be up there for hours. Tinder helped pass the time.” I believed Moth. I believed he was telling the truth. But why did I believe his story about working on a major motion picture, and not Cargo’s story about being a mechanic? Why did I leave Vagabond Falcon unlocked around Moth and locked around Cargo? Calmness. Moth didn’t try to impress me. He didn’t try to convince me that he had film industry credits. Advertisement “Did you see Spielberg?” I asked. “Yeah, but only from up in my crane,” Moth told me. “I want to get you lunch, what do you feel like?” Advertisement Advertisement “I could go for a burger, honestly. I haven’t had one in a while.” “If you get from here [183-crossing] to Port Clinton tomorrow, I’ll meet you at the Pavilion and we can go to Five Guys.” “Okay,” he said. July 7, Five Guys Burgers and Fries, Tilden Shopping Center, Hamburg, Pennsylvania Moth and I parked the Falcon in the Tilden Shopping Center, a monument to cheap land prices and commuter communities. In addition to Cabela’s, the center provides a Lowes, a Walmart, an Army Surplus Store, and a school of smaller businesses all trailing like pilot fish following Big Daddy Shark Cabela’s, gobbling up crumbs and scraps. Advertisement Moth and I were, with the exception of three pre-teens, the thinnest people in Five Guys. Parents told their kids to sit down and behave. Grandparents looked into their fries and lamented the years. Daughters rolled their eyes, wishing the world would disappear. Fathers began sentences with “We gotta...”, “You have to...”, “Then we will...”, and “You must...” Advertisement Moth and I sat far from the crowd, near the door where I could keep an eye on the Falcon. Moth ate his burger slow and deliberate, placing the meat-mass back down on the plastic tray between every bite. We were on no schedule. We didn’t “have to” anything like the teens did. Advertisement “Either you make time (on the Appalachian trail) or you don’t, neither is important,” Moth said. “Oh, someone is checking-out your car.” I looked. Two gray-haired men wearing tucked-in light-colored plaid shirts, blue jeans, and white tennis shoes walked around Vagabond Falcon, pointing at different parts of the car. One of the men knelt on one knee to look under VF’s front bumper. Unsatisfied, the man lowered himself prone; flat on his belly. I wondered how hot that asphalt was. He tilted his head from side to side like a confused husky dog. Meanwhile, his boomer friend cupped his hands around his eyes and looked through the passenger window. “I think they’re figuring out that it’s far from stock,” I say. Advertisement “Do people do that a lot?” asked Moth. “Oh yeah, but I don’t mind, she’s meant to be enjoyed.” Advertisement Moth and I finished and left. The gray-haired men had left, but saw us leave from the far side of the parking lot. They stared. July 11, 183-Crossing “Double Knot,” or “DK.” Male, late 20s. Experienced hiker. Already completed the Pacific Coast Trail. He moved fast and is very well kitted-out, even more than Moth. DK is an electrical engineer. He saved up his pay for a year before setting out on the AT. He carried a bear-proof food canister. It was an egg-like black case with no sharp edges. If a bear can’t claw open a container, it will usually try to bash it until it breaks. A bear-poof canister will bounce away, rather than crack. DK also carries a canister of bear-spray on his belt. “We’re often mistaken for homeless,” DK said. Like Moth, DK doesn’t have the gaunt and world-weary look that so characterizes northbound thru-hikers by the time they arrive in Pennsylvania. Money helps. Double Knot has enough to eat hardy. Advertisement “What is that blinking box on your pack’s shoulder strap?” I asked. “Transponder,” DK said, as he unclipped the orange and black device and handed it to me. It looked like a garage door opener with a few extra buttons. “Every hour or so this uploads my GPS coordinates to a website. It also sends and email to my friends and family telling them where I am.” “What does this S.O.S. button do?” I asked. Advertisement Advertisement “It empties my bank account!” he said with a laugh. “It rings ‘GEOS,’ an independent search and rescue company which will contact whatever emergency services are close and give them my coordinates to come find me, including life flight… I think… not sure. I’ve never pressed it.” “Wow.” “Don’t press it.” “I won’t.” Advertisement “Yeah, this transponder is a subscription service that costs $170 a year.” July 12, Port Clinton Pavilion A big gang of hikers was at the Pavilion this day. The Vagabond Falcon turned heads rolling up. I gave a lot of rides to different people: “Colt.” Male, beard, from Boulder, Colorado. Worked as a cattle hand. He moved to Los Angeles to write for the LA Times, but now he freelances. Advertisement Advertisement “Rumblejunk.” Male, bigger beard than Colt. Has a podcast at soundsofthetrail.com. He carries an ink-stamp which made a red impression of his face. He used the stamp in-lieu of a signature when he signed logbooks. Each shelter along the Appalachian trail has a logbook. Some are simple school composition notebooks. Others are more elaborate three-ring binders or professional-looking trapper keepers. “The worst feeling is mice crawling on your face while you sleep,” Rumblejunk said. “That’s why some people set up tents on the other side of the road.” When a hiker arrives at a shelter, it is customary to leave a journal entry telling of the day’s events (if any) and a thank-you to the shelter’s caretakers. Advertisement “Galapagos.” Male, looks like Jamie from Mythbusters. He was a teacher, and didn’t say much. “Cinder.” Male, thin beard. He earned his name after partying too hard and falling into a fire pit, he said. “Spicoli.” Male, clean shaven hiker from Tennessee with shoulder-length blonde hair and a build like a varsity gymnast. He was joyful and eager to talk. Over the following two days, Spicoli gave me the most complete interview of any hiker on the trail. More on that later. Advertisement Advertisement “Refill.” Male, a tourist from northern Germany. He flew to the U.S. just to hike the AT. Refill had to hustle because his visa was scheduled to end on September 20, leaving him just over two months to walk from Port Clinton to the AT’s northern terminus at Mount Katahdin in Maine. My Snap-On magnetic shop light hung from one of the ropes strung up on the Pavilion’s ceiling joists. Hikers suspend food bags from ropes so rodents have a harder time finding the goods. Crushed beer cans were fixed halfway down the ropes, to further aggravate any critter brave enough to scurry down. “The worst feeling is mice crawling on your face while you sleep,” Rumblejunk said. “That’s why some people set up tents on the other side of the road. You get privacy and bugs and mice can’t get at you...but I’m sleeping in the Pavilion tonight.” Advertisement The sun went down completely. I told the gang I’d return tomorrow. Spicoli and others wanted resupply rides. July 13, 10 a.m., Port Clinton Pavilion Thunderstorms were in the forecast this day. Most of the hikers stayed under the Pavilion’s roof. Around went a collapsible bong. I took a very small hit, out of courtesy. “Erin.” Female, possible townie. Late teens or early 20s. Erin showed up about 30 minutes before I arrived in the Falcon. She wore a tie-died sundress which was hemmed above the knees. On her feet were generic-looking work boots, Columbias or maybe Red Wings. Erin brought a box of french fries for all the hikers to share. The fries were thick-cut steak-fries from a family restaurant just north of Port Clinton, the type of fork-and-spoon diner where your grandparents like to eat, talk, and agree that all teenage boys belong in jail, except for Tom Williams’ son, he’s a nice boy. Advertisement Advertisement Erin drove an early 2000's silver-gray Chevrolet Cavalier with factory alloy wheels and a deck spoiler. The front clip was cracked and rashed from either a low-speed accident or parking mishap. Erin sat at the picnic table and talked to Rumblejunk while twirling her hair. She asked him when he tried his first beer. Rumbejunk said he didn’t remember. Erin smiled with a slightly open mouth. Rumblejunk added plainly that alcohol wasn’t that important to him. “Hold on, Hold on,” interjected Michigan, “have y’all ever smoke crack?” Around came the bong. Thru-hikers rarely carry any liquid other than water. Alcohol is a great deadener but it is too heavy, even in plastic bottles. Every ounce counts. Cannabis is much lighter and its pain-relief-to-carry-weight is better suited to hiking. The sun was getting lower in the sky and some hikers were still arriving. An older man with a tight crew-cut and light blue eyes trudged up the Pavilions concrete steps. Advertisement “The post office lost my mail-drop!” he announced to everyone and no one. A mail drop is when you, as a hiker, mail yourself a package to your future self strategically up the trail. Some hikers do this before the even begin a thru-hike. Hikers will pick towns along the trail, fill a box with non-perishable foods, and mail the box to a Post Office in a town in which they know they will pass in the coming months. “You can have some of my oatmeal,” Turtle said. Advertisement Advertisement “I have extra instant coffee I’m not going to use,” said another voice. “Oh, I got it,” said the crew-cut-man, holding up a Flat Rate USPS box, “she [the postmaster] had it, she just lost it. As dumb as she was, I’d be all over that like a bad rash!” he added. The portable bong bubbled. No one had a response. Advertisement We (the other hikers and I) began calling crew-cut-man “Michigan” behind his back, because he repeatedly said he was from Michigan, even though his accent put him square in Kentucky. Michigan told us he worked at a United Auto Workers plant for 30 years up in Detroit, “doin’ brakes.” “Hold on, Hold on,” interjected Michigan, “have y’all ever smoke crack?” All conversations in the pavilion stopped. Everyone looked at Michigan. Advertisement Advertisement “I’m from Michigan, I didn’t think it was good, but I’m telling you, it’s awe-SOME!” Dead silence. “It comes in this big-little fuckin’ rock! It gets you higher than high. You get stoner than stoned! You get stoned on top of stoned!” Advertisement “So, you like crack?” asked Rumblejunk. “Here’s how you do crack: you do two lines of the best Colombian, then you smoke the crack. I’ve never met anyone who never smoked crack!” “What’s it like?” asked Galapagos. Advertisement Advertisement “It’s like five shots of Jack and five Vicodins!” A train whistle blew in the distance, through the trees. Michigan “yee-haw’ed” back. A local girl passed by the Pavilion, walking a dog. Michigan’s “yee-haws” turned into donkey “hee-haws.” Advertisement “I wish I was that dog! I’d be getting a BONE! HEE-HAWW HEE-HAWW!” All of the other hikers got up and quietly walked out of the Pavilion, one by one. They whispered to each other that they’re going to dinner at the Port Clinton Hotel. Galapagos stayed behind to watch the packs. Michigan asked where everyone was going. “Out,” someone said curtly. The group of hikers was already 50 yards down the road. Advertisement Advertisement I said goodnight to Galapagos, got into the Falcon and drove home. July 19: My day with Spicoli Spicoli gave me the longest interview among my time with the thru-hikers. His trail-goal was to gain a sense of self and break-out of what he felt was the crushing malaise and “sameness” of small-town Tennessee life. Spicoli had the build of a varsity gymnast with prominent biceps and traps, as if he hoists himself up on the rings daily. He carried the heaviest pack of all the hikers I met. Fifty pounds. Advertisement “The more weight you carry, the stronger you get!” he said with all sincerity. We sat for lunch at Cabela’s in-store cafeteria, a fetishistic tableau to mythic American masculinity with taxidermied animals and a bush plane suspended from the ceiling. Our lunch: pulled pork and reuben-like sandwiches, a meatfest. “I’ve been off the trail for a few days,” Spicoli said, “I went to Montage Mountain for the—” Advertisement Advertisement “Oh yeah! The ski area!” I interrupted. “...Yeah...yeah, there were lifts. Anyway, there was a trap music festival going on and that whole-side trip from the AT was just a part of my whole self-discovery thing I have going on with the AT. Ever do acid?” “LSD? No...I mean, if the right situation same along...maybe.” Advertisement “LSD is love. I’m serious. It takes 40 minutes to kick in. Colors get brighter, and the bands all had lasers going. You feel love...pure...it’s a social drug more than people give it credit for. I had a full conversation with myself out loud and figured out my life. It was...yeah...the most important moment of my life. “What did you figure out about yourself?” I asked. Spicoli thought for a beat. “I am doing the AT because one day, back home, I lost myself. I was 19 years old last year, huh, it felt longer, but anyway, I had a crisis after graduating high school... I suddenly lost me. I couldn’t relate to people—a bad funk. I didn’t talk to friends, or really anyone from June 2015 to March 2016. I got accepted to Colorado Mountain College at Breckenridge to study education... and I freaked out about it. I... couldn’t speak, I was so depressed. Talking was too much.” Advertisement Advertisement “The act of speaking, forming words, was hard?” “Yeah.” “Did you go to Breckenridge?” Advertisement “No, I stayed home and took some classes at a community college. Friends from high school saw me and wondered what happened because they thought I left, but I was just staying at home and not talking to anyone. My parents took me to a psychologist to get me help.” “What happened there?” “I found out about the Appalachian Trail and how it changes you. I’ve never been happier! Doing the AT is the best thing I ever did. I’m ready to be a teacher when I finish.” Advertisement Advertisement Spicoli and I finished and walk out to the Vagabond Falcon. “Where do you want to be dropped off?” I ask. “Can you go to the Eckville shelter? Is that OK?” he asks. “Sure thing.” Advertisement Vagabon Falcon is a car that may kill you, just as the Appalachian Trail is a path that may kill you. Watch the rocks. Watch other drivers. Count on bears being dicks. Count on other drivers being dumb. Count on hiker trash being drunk. Count on wayward drivers being drunk. Accept charity but don’t expect it. Accept a functioning engine but don’t expect it. No safety either way. The Eckville shelter and trail head is high on Hawk Mountain and I opened all four carburetor barrels to climb the mountain road at speed. Spicoli stuck his arm out the window. No seat belts in the Falcon. Mr. Regular is one half of Regular Car Reviews. He occasionally writes for Jalopnik, Road & Track and other places. Recommended Stories Why The Volkswagen Corrado Failed The Mystery Of James Dean's 'Cursed' Porsche, Explained How DaimlerChrysler Died Reply113 repliesLeave a reply Advertisement Trending Posts The Slot Vanity Fair's 'Mean-Spirited' Melania Story Is Here Gizmodo YouTube Makes 12 Million Videos Accessible in Restricted Mode io9 This Adorable Jyn Erso Cosplayer Spent Star Wars Celebration Handing Out the Death Star Plans to Every Princess Leia Lifehacker Why You Can't Always Trust Google's Top Featured Answers Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / E-Commerce / When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com E-Commerce Conundrum: When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping By Courtney Jespersen PUBLISHED: APRIL 21 2017 First they wanted free. Now they want fast. As shoppers turn to the convenience of cyberstores, they crave shipping that can keep up with their demands. "For consumers, it's one of the top things they're looking for, and it's a decision maker between buying at one site versus another," says Aaron Cheris, a partner in the San Francisco office of Bain and Co., a management consulting firm. Free shipping is expected, says Luke Knowles, founder of Free Shipping Day, a one-day, annual online-shopping event in December. On Dec. 16, 2016, more than 1,000 retailers offered free shipping and delivery by Christmas Eve. Retailers have answered the call for free and swift delivery in different ways. Under Amazon's subscription model, members pay a fee to get free shipping. Wal-Mart and Best Buy provide free and fast shipping if you meet their conditions. Should you still pay for a subscription? It depends. Before you decide, consider how often you order and what you'll get beyond shipping. Here's what you should think about. Low Minimums If your orders meet minimum-purchase thresholds, you can get speedy and free delivery without a subscription from some retailers. Wal-Mart announced free two-day shipping on eligible orders of $35 and above on more than 2 million items in categories from food to electronics while eliminating its membership program in early 2017. Best Buy offers free two-day shipping on thousands of items for orders of $35 and up. Apple boasts free two-day shipping on most in-stock products. "The first battle was (over) free," says Cheris, of Bain and Co. Now, consumers have their eyes set on two-day delivery. "One of the problems with the old, 'I'll get it to you in three to five days' is, well, which is it? Is it three? Is it four? Is it five? The nice thing about two is it's not only faster, but it's more specific." Features Even if free two-day shipping becomes standard, don't dismiss subscriptions. Consumers should consider other features, Cheris says. For instance, a membership at shopping service ShopRunner unlocks free two-day shipping on eligible items at hundreds of participating retailers. After a 30-day free trial, the fee is $79 a year or $8.95 a month. Amazon Prime is perhaps the best known of all programs. After a 30-day free trial, members pay $99 a year or $10.99 a month to get free two-day shipping on more than 50 million items, plus free same-day and two-hour delivery on household goods, groceries and other items in select cities. Shoppers also get extras such as video and music streaming. "The reason people join is for the free, fast shipping, but the reason they stay is because a lot of them get attached to other stuff, whether it's Prime Now or Prime Pantry or Prime Instant Video," Cheris says. See if you can share your membership and split the price. At Amazon, two adults can form an Amazon Household to share select benefits of Prime, like free shipping and photo storage. A membership to online marketplace Google Express can be shared with one person in your household at no additional cost. After a three-month free trial, the program costs $95 a year or $10 a month for free same-day delivery on eligible orders. Price When shopping without a membership, ensure that a retailer with free shipping isn't charging more for its products than what you would save on shipping. For example, a pair of Nike running shoes recently sold for $48.75 at J.C. Penney with $8.95 shipping, for a total of $57.70 before tax. The same item came with free shipping at Zappos for $65. Frequency It's a matter of what you buy, too, says Mabel McLean, a director of client strategy at L2, a New York-based company that tracks the online performance of brands. If you make frequent online purchases of items such as paper towels and cleaning supplies, shipping charges can add up, so investing in a subscription may be better. "It depends on how frequently you shop the category," McLean says. "I think paying seven bucks for shipping when you're buying clothing and maybe only order online five times a year, that's a little bit more palatable than higher-frequency categories." Make a Choice Before you buy a subscription, weigh the cost to ensure that the fee is offset by the benefits. In any case, you now have a breadth of options. "Shoppers are winning here," says Knowles, the Free Shipping Day founder. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Amazon. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Retailers, Amazon Prime, Shipping, Delivery, Wal-Mart, ShopRunner Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Apple Tries To Act More Responsibly 2. Punycode Scam Hard To Detect 3. Messenger's Moneymaking Strategy 4. When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping 5. Big Money with China's Bitcoin Wave MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN E-COMMERCE 1. When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping 2. Wal-Mart Discounts In-Store Pickup 3. Delivery Bots: Innovation or Hazard? 4. Big Money with China's Bitcoin Wave 5. E-Commerce Slashing Retail Jobs Next Article > Wal-Mart To Discount Online-Only Items Delivered to Stores By Anne DInnocenzio PUBLISHED: APRIL 12 2017 Starting next week, Wal-Mart will offer discounts on thousands of online-only items when customers elect to have them shipped to one of the company's stores for pickup. The move is part of the retailer's efforts to better compete with online leader Amazon. Initially, the discount will be available on about 10,000 items. But the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer says it will then expand the price cuts to more than one million items by the end of June. Among some of the offers starting April 19: An infant car seat that was priced at $148.05 will have an additional discount of $7.40. A Lego Great Vehicles Ferry priced at $23.99 will have an additional pickup discount of $2.55. Wal-Mart is able offer the discounts by delivering the products directly to its 4,700 stores, saving on costs by avoiding shipping to individual shoppers' homes. The offer builds on Wal-Mart's move in late January that replaced a pilot program offering free shipping but that came with an annual fee of $49, with one with a lower free-shipping threshold, faster delivery and no membership fee. The retailer said it will reduce free shipping time to two days on 2 million of its most popular items including essentials like diapers and pet food as well as hot toys and electronics. Wal-Mart's average time has been three to five days. Also, at the time, it reduced the spending necessary for free shipping to $35 from $50. These moves are being spearheaded by Walmart.com's CEO Mark Lore, who joined the company when Wal-Mart bought Jet.com, which he founded last year. It's also another illustration of how Wal-Mart is trying to figure out a way to compete with Amazon and its dominant Prime plan. Amazon's membership program costs $99 a year, but includes services like streaming music and video that have created fierce loyalty. Analysts say that Amazon Prime members buy frequently and spend more money. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore wrote in a company blog post. He noted now they can either pick up an item and save even more money, or get two-day shipping for free without paying for a membership. He noted that he believes that the business is gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales increased 29 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, up from 20.6 percent in the previous period. That marked the third straight quarter of gains. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: E-Commerce, Online Shopping, Retailers, Walmart, Amazon POPULAR IN E-COMMERCE Amazon Hiring 30K Part-Time Workers When To Pay for 'Free' Shipping Big Money with China's Bitcoin Wave Delivery Bots: Innovation or Hazard? Online Sales Boom: More Dog Attacks Wal-Mart Discounts In-Store Pickup E-Commerce Slashing Retail Jobs THE BIG PICTURE Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive One of four suspects in Apple Valley Wal-Mart fire takes two-year plea deal; remaining three not charged Friday Apr 21, 2017 at 9:30 AM Apr 21, 2017 at 2:09 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero VICTORVILLE — A judge on Thursday sentenced one of the four suspects arrested on suspicion of setting a fire in the Apple Valley Wal-Mart earlier this month. Victoria Stephanie Gayosso appeared in a Victorville courtroom Thursday morning for a pre-preliminary conference and court records show she accepted a plea deal with prosecutors and was sentenced to two years in prison. Gayosso, 29, pleaded no contest to causing fire of a structure/forest land and had an arson charge, which included an enhancement for causing property damage in excess of $3.2 million, dismissed as part of the deal, court records show. The judge also knocked off 22 days of her sentence for time served and good behavior, court records show. Gayosso is scheduled to appear before a judge on May 31 for a restitution hearing, court records show. Prosecutors charged Gayosso with the arson and a judge previously set her bail at $1.4 million during arraignment on April 12. She was the lone suspect charged in connection to the fire. San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department deputies arrested Jessi Cardenas, 31, Artel Brown, 24, and Earl Turner, 22, all of Victorville, on April 10, along with Gayosso, in connection to the blaze. Gayosso, Cardenas and Brown were all arrested on suspicion of arson of an inhabited structure, with Cardenas, Brown and Turner also arrested on suspicion of shoplifting. However, court records did not show any charges filed against Cardenas, Brown or Turner. Authorities previously said the four were identified as the suspects who were responsible for the fire at the Wal-Mart, located at 20251 Highway 18, on April 2. Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station deputies and Apple Valley Fire Protection District personnel responded to reports of a fire a little before 8 a.m. and learned the blaze had been extinguished by employees with a fire extinguisher. Wal-Mart officials said the store sustained “significant smoke damage.” Authorities believed the suspects were preparing to steal items and had started a fire on a clothing rack to create a distraction before fleeing. However, no merchandise appeared to have been stolen, sheriff’s officials said. Authorities exhausted all leads and did not make any arrests until being dispatched to reports of suspects stealing from the Target in Apple Valley on April 10. Sheriff’s officials said Target loss prevention officers observed Cardenas, Brown and Turner inside the store stealing items at approximately 7:40 a.m. Deputies and detectives from the Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station responded and Cardenas was apprehended outside of the store. Brown and Turner left the scene in a U-Haul truck, which was later stopped near the intersection of Bass Hill Road and Highway 18, authorities said. Detectives later located and arrested Gayosso at a motel in Victorville. Jose Quintero may be reached at 760-955-5332 or JQuintero@DesertDispatch.com. Follow him on Twitter at @DP_JoseQ. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Leadership Search Search Virtual RealityLondon Bar Serves $23 Whisky Cocktail Alongside a Virtual Reality Headset fox newsHow Bill O’Reilly Leaving Fox Fired Up O’Reilly Auto Parts Stock Trump Visa BillIndian Techies, IT Firms Fret as Trump Orders U.S. Visa Review YouTubeYouTube Changes Restricted Mode After Backlash for Blocking LGBTQ Videos Commentary raceAhead Five Breaking News Haikus Ellen McGirt Apr 21, 2017 Your week in review in haiku: 1 Armada? Where? Asks the puppet and the darkness. There it is! All good. 2. O’Reilly’s been served a steamy cup of choc’late, hot. Revenge? So cold. 3. Who won a Grand Slam while pregnant? Respeck the GOAT. Ask her anything 4. Korea wasn’t China's, but Hawaii’s ours? Asking for a friend. 5. Robert Godwin was loved. Robert Godwin was loved. All we need to see. Have a rhythmically perfect weekend. On Point Introducing: Fortune FastTrack  Fortune is developing a new professional woman’s networking organization that aims to bake the best of what we do into real-world experiences to help women grow their careers. Expect special events, online workshops, career coaching, and an inclusive community of diverse, career-minded women - cis, trans, and non-binary. Let's do this. Fortune Online conference today: Design and Exclusion It's a diverse team of industry design experts, hosted by Amy S. Choi from Mash-Up Americans, and introduced by inclusive design titan John Maeda. This online confab aims to zero in on the elements of the design process that unconsciously exclude others.“Exclusion can be driven by conscious hatred. But we sometimes also fuel it with our own ignorance.” Concentrating on the flipside of inclusion is a fascinating idea, and they’re walking the walk: Check out this incredible code of conduct statement. Can't make it? Bookmark the site for the wonderful ideas that are sure to follow. X Design The Cherokee Nation sues Cardinal Health, Walmart and others for flooding Oklahoma communities with opioids Lawyers for the Cherokee Nation filed suit in tribal court yesterday, accusing six drug distributors and pharmacies of flooding vulnerable communities in Oklahoma with highly addictive pain pills. The suit alleges that the firms failed to prevent the pills from falling into the black market, which violates Cherokee law.“Defendants turned a blind eye to the problem of opioid diversion and profited from the sale of prescription opioids to the citizens of the Cherokee Nation in quantities that far exceeded the number of prescriptions that could reasonably have been used for legitimate medical purposes,” the suit says. Distributors McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen, and retailers CVS, Walgreens, and Walmart are named. Washington Post Faraday Okoro, a young Nigerian American filmmaker, wins the first million dollar AT&T prize The first winner of the “AT&T Presents: Untold Stories” prize was announced this week. Faraday Okoro, a Howard University and NYU Film School grad, won for “Nigerian Prince” a story about a Nigerian American teen forced by his family to return to Nigeria, who then teams up with an internet scammer to work his way back to the U.S. Drama! AT&T, working with the Tribeca Film Festival and the Tribeca Film Institute, hopes the now annual prize will give underrepresented filmmakers access to the cash, distribution, and attention they need to make it in the industry. “We’ve been a sponsor of Tribeca Film Festival for four years,” AT&T’s chief brand officer, told Diversity Inc. “But I wanted AT&T to play a real role and make a real impact not only on the world of film and content, but also on an individual.” Diversity Inc A group of Mormon scholars filed an amicus brief attacking President Trump’s immigrant ban The brief, filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, draws on Mormon history as a rebuke against state-sponsored religious targeting, this time, of Muslims. Mormons were sometimes refused entry into the country or jailed during the 1880s, and have a long history of being harassed and misunderstood.“Most Americans have a story about ancestors who came as immigrants to the United States, many under pressure,” said Richard Bushman, author and emeritus professor at Columbia University, who signed the brief. “Mormons were among the most reviled when they came. We have to take a stand with those who flee to America as a refuge.” The brief offers a comprehensive history of Mormons in the U.S. Mormon Scholarship Blog White supremacist posters on the rise on college campuses The posters are beautifully nostalgic, attention-grabbing and provocative. They’re also white supremacist propaganda, part of a targeted campaign to sway young minds. “Don’t apologize for being white!” declares a version of Rosie the Riveter you’ve never seen before. The feminist icon in one of many images co-opted by “alt-right” leader Jason Taylor, who launched his campaign initially to coincide with Black History Month. He's offering downloadable posters and instructions on how to hang them while evading campus police. “I’m certainly not a racist,” he tells Newsweek. “I want my tribe, my people, to survive and flourish…” Newsweek The Woke Leader For LGBT people, the “family you choose” is also a legal strategy This poignant essay offers one of the best explanations as to why and how LGBT people form close-knit networks or “chosen families” – like a lesbian marrying her gay male best friend -- to help them thrive in an unwelcoming world. “We’re more likely to be poor or rejected by our biological families, so we make our own families in order to survive,” says Mara Pellittieri. And there is a long, fascinating history of these alliances. Today, despite some notable exceptions, legal workarounds are still necessary. “These families are very real, but the law isn’t made for people like us.”  Talk Poverty Where did all the black teachers go? This opinion piece begins as a powerful memoir. It was 1957, and a brand new, all-black elementary school opened in the segregated factory town of Chester, PA. “The crisply dressed first graders who moved hesitantly that day through the halls of the Booker T. Washington Elementary School — built expressly for “colored children” — would be the first in their families to find relief from some of the most egregious humiliations that had come with being black in our town,” writes Brent Staples. But the many teachers and administrators of color who transitioned into an integrated school system were either demoted or shunted aside; today, the black people who might be drawn to teaching are choosing white collar professions instead. This all comes at a high price. “The forces that are driving African-American teachers out of the classroom are taking a toll not just on black children but on the educational system as a whole.” The Atlantic Cuba Gooding Sr., a pop-culture icon, has died I had no idea that the senior Gooding was the velvet voice behind the Main Ingredient’s iconic hit, “Everybody Plays The Fool.” He was found dead in his car in Los Angeles yesterday afternoon, though no foul play is currently suspected. Click through for his obituary, but mostly for an utterly charming live version of their famous song. NBC News Quote I think from the beginning, as I was coming into my own persona and understanding of who I was, I never talked down to my audience. When you don’t talk down to your audience, then they can grow with you. I give them a lot of credit to be able to hang with me this long, because I’ve gone through a lot of changes, but they’ve allowed me to grow, and thus we can tackle some serious subjects and try to just be better human beings, all of us. —Prince Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 46° F Overcast Hi: 62° F Lo: 42° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Major band competitions pump $19m into Dayton economy April 21, 2017 Thousands of people participated in and attended the the 2017 WGI percussion and wind world championship, and the color guard world champion… Narcan shortage concerns April 21, 2017 CEDARVILLE, Ohio (WDTN) – Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said he is concerned about the state’s Narcan supplies, as it’s taking more and … New Mexico Legislature sues governor in escalating conflict April 21, 2017 Marching for science this weekend April 21, 2017 Park rangers are now on the front lines of opioid battle carrying Narcan April 21, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 46° F Overcast Feels Like: 41° F Wind: N 10 Humidity: 86% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 6:49 AM Sunset: 8:21 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports First Four Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Rizzo stuns Reds with 9th inning HR, Cubs win 6-5 in 11 innings April 21, 2017 Anthony Rizzo tied it with a two-out, three-run homer in the ninth, and Kris Bryant hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning on Friday night, … Dragons fall to Cubs 4-2 April 21, 2017 South Bend pitchers Jose Paulino and Kyle Miller combined to scatter six hits and the Cubs hit two solo home runs as they defeated the Dayto… Cavs make historic comeback to beat Pacers April 21, 2017 Woods has 4th back surgery; likely to miss majors this year April 21, 2017 Orioles knock off Reds in 10 innings 2-1 April 21, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Katie’s Quick Tips Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Latest Headlines Pet of the Week April 21, 2017 The competition heats up on “The Voice” April 21, 2017 The competition is heating up on NBC’s “The Voice”! The live playoffs wrapped up this week, so now the top 12 artists are set to face off fo… Chorizo Tacos April 21, 2017 Aullwood’s Native Plant Sale April 21, 2017 Spring In Springs April 21, 2017 More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 46° F Overcast Hi: 62° F Lo: 42° F Razor recalls over 150k motorized RipStik boards KRON Staff Published: April 21, 2017, 10:42 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) — Razor is voluntarily recalling about 158,000 RipStik Electric Motorized Caster Boards due to safety hazards, the company announced Thursday. The recall comes after more than 700 customers reported problems with the rear wheel locking up while using the board. Four injuries have been reported, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. The company advises consumers to immediately stop using the recalled caster boards, and contact Razor for a free repair kit. The recall pertains to boards purchased at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide, and those bought online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017. The boards cost $180 each. Photos: Recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board (Courtesy: CPSC) Bottom of recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board (Courtesy: CPSC) Bar code with manufacture date « Previous Next » (Courtesy: CPSC) Photos: Recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board (Courtesy: CPSC) Bottom of recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board (Courtesy: CPSC) Bar code with manufacture date « Previous Next » (Courtesy: CPSC)       Latest Galleries Photos: Recalled Razor RipStik electric caster board 2 Seattle Officers shot Paris Shooting New polar bear cub debuts at Columbus Zoo OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING Photos: Enon Police Department Drug Bust Photos: Inmates hid computers Florida Wildfires Florida Wildfires San Bernardino School Shooting Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Frozen peas recalled due to possible Listeria contamination Hyland’s teething tablets recalled over levels of toxic herb Blue Buffalo recalling cans of dog food due to possible aluminum presence Suffocation risk prompts baby bib recall Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search At A Nashville Record Store, Mainstream Country Fights For Shelf Space By Jacob Ganz • 17 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email According to Doyle Davis, general manager of Grimey's New & Preloved Music in Nashville, it's long been a dirty secret in his town that the only people buying new country music releases are either tourists or suckers. "We're an industry town," Davis says, "for the country music industry." And there are enough promotional copies of a new album by a would-be star floating around, he continues, that stores like his can sell used copies the week the album comes out. As Craig Havighurst reported for NPR last year, the last decade was a tough one for Nashville. Sales slipped from the highs of the '90s — an era dominated by stars like Garth Brooks. And country's establishment scanned the horizon for new crossover artists with only sporadic success — Kenny Chesney and Carrie Underwood took turns carrying the torch. But now things are looking up. Over a five-week stint since Zac Brown Band's You Get What You Give was released Sept. 21, four country records have topped the Billboard 200 album chart: You Get What You Give, Chesney's Hemingway's Whiskey, Toby Keith's Bullets In The Gun and Sugarland's The Incredible Machine. Lil Wayne's I Am Not A Human Being, the only non-country album to top the chart since the end of September, just barely beat out former Hootie and the Blowfish singer Darius Rucker's country record Charleston, SC 1966. Today, Billboard crowns a new queen, one who also calls Nashville home. Taylor Swift's Speak Now saw first-week sales that topped a million. So we know that somewhere out there, people are paying for country records. Turns out they're even doing so in Nashville. Davis says that at Grimey's, a decade-old indie-focused store just around the corner from Music Row near downtown Nashville, he's seen an uptick in customer interest for mainstream country releases. "I sold a grand total of one of that last Taylor Swift CD," Davis says, speaking of Fearless, the best-selling album of 2009. He says that in its first day on sale last week, Grimey's customers picked up four copies of Speak Now. The move to mainstream is a relatively new development for Grimey's customers, who have slanted toward rock and traditional country rather than Nashville's commercial products. "When Merle Haggard comes out with a new record, I'm going to do way better with that than with one of those mainstream records," Davis says. Americana and bluegrass sell well, too: "Gillian Welch is as big as Arcade Fire to me," he adds. Not that he hasn't tried selling mainstream country records. Davis says he's stocked most of mainstream country's newest stars at one point or another, but demand hasn't matched even his token supply. Of the country hit-makers to score big this fall, only Zac Brown Band has done brisk business among Grimey's customers — which Davis attributes to the band's crossover with the rock and jam-band markets. Of the others, Davis says he generally doesn't stock commercial country releases "until someone comes in and asks for something like that . . . We don't stock Kenny Chesney. But that's just due to sales history." Davis says that, for the most part, mainstream country fans can still find current albums by Nashville stars at the local outlets of big-box stores like Wal-Mart, Target and Best Buy. But Havighurst's report last December pointed out that these stores — the outlets Nashville has long relied upon for CD sales — have reduced shelf space overall as fans started buying online. If they paid at all. Still, those stores are crucial to the health of the industry, according to sources at major Nashville labels. "While many physical retailers have been making modifications to their music space," says Ken Robold, Executive Vice President/General Manager of Universal Music Group Nashville, "accounts such as Best Buy, Target and Wal-Mart remain vitally important not only to the country music genre, but the entire music business." Bill Kennedy is Vice President of Marketing and Sales for Show Dog, the Universal Music-affiliated label that released Toby Keith's Bullets In The Gun. Kennedy wrote in an e-mail that country's high proportion of physical sales over digital sales helps the Nashville labels maintain shelf space and visibility at the big-box stores. But brick and mortar is becoming more selective about what albums it chooses to carry, Kennedy says: "Labels can't keep pushing the retailers for more shelf space like in years past hoping something takes off and starts selling." Stores like these, he explains, want to see immediate sales, "otherwise they won't keep the product on hand too long." Reached for comment, Wal-Mart representatives declined to talk about why they stock specific records or how those records are classified, but Jeffrey Maas, the chain's "senior category director for the home entertainment department," offered a statement via email. "To determine the music that we carry in our stores, we work closely with all of our partners, labels and distributors," Maas writes. "We rely on the labels and distribution companies who work closely with the artists to decide what music qualifies as country." One reason Taylor Swift is so valuable to the industry: she's a magnet for a younger audience whose buying habits aren't reliant on physical distribution, and she's popular enough that the industry can hope to convert at least a few of those youngsters to CD buyers. Swift's new album can be had as a digital download at Amazon for $3.99, and Target stores are selling an exclusive CD with bonus tracks. The singer also displays a talent for songwriting — as well as business — that appeals to the crowd at Grimey's. Swift reportedly demanded that Speak Now be issued on vinyl as well as CD, a move that caught Davis's attention for the simple reason that endorsing vinyl is a move that could drive Swift's younger fans into stores like his, while possibly boosting her credibility with more skeptical listeners. Anything that gets people into the store is a good thing, since Grimey's has to do what it can to compete with the convenience, not to mention the low prices, of buying online. Davis says his store manages that trick, for the most part, by dispensing with the stereotypical record-store clerk superiority pose in favor of Southern charm. "We're really nice people," he insists. "You'll never get that High Fidelity Jack Black attitude." Grimey's also appeals to collectors — customers who bought the deluxe version of the latest Kings of Leon album received a free seven-inch record. The store also features live music. On Record Store Day last year, the Grimey's parking lot became a concert venue, featuring sets by The Avett Brothers, Charlie Louvin and Del McCoury, among about a dozen others. "You can buy this stuff anywhere. I gotta give people a reason to come to the store," Davis says. "We're selling physical formats in a brick and mortar store, and I want to show people that it can be done and it's fun." Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Police: Pair used credit card stolen in Sterling car break-in Friday Apr 21, 2017 at 10:17 AM Apr 21, 2017 at 4:44 PM Staff reports The Bulletin STERLING - Two Danielson residents were arrested Thursday after police say they broke into a Sterling woman’s car, stole her credit card and used it at Wal-Mart.  Around 10 p.m. Thursday, troopers responded to the report of a car break-in in Sterling. Police said the victim told troopers she had received an alert from her bank regarding unauthorized credit card transactions.  The woman said she went to get her purse from her car and discovered it had been stolen along with other items.  An unauthorized credit card transaction was traced to the Wal-Mart in Brooklyn and state police obtained video surveillance footage from the store. The troop posted the footage on its Facebook page and received tips about the identity of one of the suspects.  Troopers located the two suspects, Pamela Bliven, 31, and Michael Geer, 29, both of Danielson, who confessed to committing the crimes, police said. Each was charged with burglary, criminal impersonation, larceny, credit card theft and identity theft.  They were held on $14,500 bond and were scheduled to appear Friday in Danielson Superior Court.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia to thwart Trump border tax issue By Reuters Published: 10:24 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 10:24 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose CHICAGO, April 21 (Reuters) - Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump's push to impose a tax on imports, such as the 20 percent levy initiated by House Republicans, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent, industry officials said. Last week, the President said he favored an 'import tax' that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin's tax rate for U.S. products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump's ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around the tax proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose the tax. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be "as messy as the healthcare bill," according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry's lobbying efforts are succeeding. "We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn't embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress," a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers - ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty - would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. "They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare," he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a U.S. border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm's founder and CEO. "The process has intensified in the past six months," said Minkoff. WHERE THE SUPPLY CHAINS ARE The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. Shifting production from existing supply bases like China is costly, may involve intellectual property issues and disrupts long-term supply contracts, making it hard to plan and execute such moves, two industry sources said. Consultants have told retailers they could mitigate shipping costs enough to offset any border tax, while avoiding the cost of moving production into the U.S, the sources said. But so far they are not proceeding with major supply chain changes, according to retailers and industry consultants. "Wal-Mart is not ready to spend money to deal with this," said a supply chain consultant who works with the retailer but requested anonymity for fear of disrupting the firm's relationship with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has reviewed its options with supply chain consultants, but has not yet commissioned a concrete contingency plan, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said. Wal-Mart declined comment. Executives at smaller retailers and brands like Samsonite, Crate and Barrel and Steve Madden said there is little competitive impetus for action because they believe a border tax would hurt them and competitors equally. Samsonite was studying reviving its U.S. manufacturing base, but is not close to taking action. "Setting plans (based) on policy proposals that are yet to be implemented is not right," Samsonite Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala told Reuters. Minneapolis-based Target is limiting itself to conducting feasibility studies. "We just don't want to get ahead of ourselves and invest capital," the Target official said. Target declined comment. (Editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright oozes confidence in chic striped top and jeans... as she is pictured for first time since stepping out with Rio Ferdinand Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte... as she accuses Spice Girl of depicting her as a 'homewrecker'  'Best EastEnders scene I've EVER seen!': Hunky Lee Ryan sparks Twitter meltdown as he strips off for topless scene with co-star Shona McGarty 'Stop obsessing!' The X Factor star Sam Callahan begs lottery millionaire Jane Park to move on... amid claims she's following him into Big Brother house Nick Knowles' estranged wife Jessica shows off her hourglass figure in stylish black jumpsuit as she leads the glamour at the Blog Awards William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with curry, partying with Tinie Tempah and texting DJs for shoutouts Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says an armed police officer could keep him in line on visits  SPOILER ALERT: It's uncanny! Simon Cowell meets his namesake on Britain's Got Talent... a spoon-balancing IT worker from the Isle of Man Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Coronation Street star Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmer figure in form-fitting little black dress... after dropping two stone in weight Looks hot Vanessa White gives a saucy flash of her assets in plunging bra as she documents night out on Instagram... after attending bridal fashion bash in Chelsea 'He really really wanted a boy': Sam Faiers reveals she felt 'pressure' from husband Paul Knightley to have a baby son in new interview on motherhood MIC's Rosie Fortescue showcases her sexy style as she poses in a bold floral dress and racy knee-length boots at upscale bridal wear fashion launch party 'She wants her jewellery and her earnings to remain hers': Kate Beckinsale 'responds to divorce petition filed by ex Len Wiseman' EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart: Tyga embraces gorgeous Jenner clone after split Their three year romance was marred by splits SPOILER ALERT: Amber Turner makes a shocking dig at Chloe Meadows as she tries to diffuse tension between her and ex Jamie Reed on Only Way Is Essex That'll keep off the chill! Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She recently enjoyed a Costa Rican holiday That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired by her hair PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'She sounds posher than the princes!' Viewers complain they can't understand Kate's VERY plummy accent - while Harry baffles with his use of 'ain't' Vicky Pattison continues to fight persistent weight gain rumours as she flashes her thighs in a saucy new selfie She's a mission Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her tiny waist in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to inked fiancé Alex Bowen on Spanish getaway 'He nearly burned the place down': Harry Styles 'suffers backstage calamity' after setting his shirt alight following Saturday Night Live performance She's doing something Wright! Ex-TOWIE star Jess shows off her impressively toned abs in skimpy sports bra at personal training session 'I fear this will be judged': Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in a barely-there lace bra and tasseled jacket at Coachella Eye-popping selfie She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off her new cropped hairstyle after lopping her trademark locks for latest film role SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Wants a 'family affair' Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She's the boss Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Power Of Women luncheon She was all about the ladies as she showed off her unique style Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredible physique in a skimpy peach bikini as she relaxes poolside during Los Angeles getaway Unbelievably toned 'We never really talked about mum': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate describes 'life changing' impact of motherhood Former Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman, 80, enjoys a rare public outing with wife Suzanne Accosta... one year after prostate cancer diagnosis Who'll win the fashion face-off? Ladies Day revellers at the Scottish Grand National step out in VERY racy outfits Racegoers stepped out in some revealing outfits That's a bit wild! The Apprentice star Jessica Cunningham teams leopard print coat with thigh-skimming minidress at the UK Blog Awards Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie Quite a crowd-pleaser 'She's had early discussions': Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after West End stint A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a special performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish £200k wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll  How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Not as alike as seems Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Used to flashing her skin 'Will I die?' Caprice breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she recalls shocking brain tumour diagnosis and vow to 'be strong' for her young sons 'She showed off some antiques she just bought her mother and skipped off to her room': Carrie Fisher's Catastrophe co-star talks about her shocking death  A Royal engagement! Princess Beatrice cuts an elegant figure in chic black minidress as she attends Kairos Society Global Summit in New York They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 It's uncanny Steps' Claire Richards continues to showcase her slender figure after losing SIX STONE... as the pop group appear on This Morning discuss their latest comeback 'Romance could be on the cards': Ex-TOWIE lovers Chris Clark and Amber Dowding have 'reconnected' during recent filming... after his split from Jesy Nelson Toff notch! MIC star Georgia shows off her quirky style in boho floral maxi dress and sporty trainers at star-studded bridalwear launch party Karlie Kloss shows off her killer legs in a bright colour-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel The West Wing actor met the chicken pioneer Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap A tight-knit family Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' He looked downcast Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Wears almost anything Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Shone among stars Millionaire former Saturdays singer Vanessa White is handed £50,000 of taxpayers' cash to boost her solo career abroad  Earned £2m with group Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit She shows no sign of slowing down It's in the genes! Gigi Hadid looks picture perfect despite the ugly mom jeans as she heads out in New York Rocked the baggy high-wasted jeans A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on holiday in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón In fantastic shape SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Filmed by daughter Jade It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon  She made a stylish appearance EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals a man threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and how she watched  Ozzy and Sharon flatline Why must my partner's slobby son who does nothing in the home wreck my hope of happiness?  BEL MOONEY a stepmum Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Featured missing patches of flesh Beefy Ben Affleck looks muscular as he preps for Batman... while ex Jennifer Garner steps out in summer dress Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Going to Karl Lagerfeld's Is Ferne fleeing the country? TOWIE star McCann 'spotted at an airport' as police hunt for her boyfriend over acid attack that left two people blind  Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther She adopted twin girls from Malawi in February 'I'll tidy it later!' Charlotte Crosby shows off her washboard stomach and lean legs in a sizzling red bikini... after hitting back over messy room selfie Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson flaunts serious side boob in barely-there swimwear and gold harness during Spanish getaway Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Kate Wright hits back at trolls as she is blasted online after being pictured with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand for the first time Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her slender figure and amazing abs in a series of bright bikinis as she continues her extended LA getaway 'Tis the seasoned! Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume on MasterChef Junior Charlie Hunnam looks suave at King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage The Only Way Is... Out! TOWIE favourite James 'Arg' Argent will 'take an extended break from reality series following his stint in a Thai rehab facility' Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress  Filming Wrinkle In Time 'It was internalised misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Nick who? Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten looks VERY loved up with new film producer beau Scott Walker as the pair lay on the PDA at an event in London Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Highlighted slim legs Just a soupçon: Trinny Woodall enjoys a light lunch in a striking powder blue coat with her partner Charles Saatchi at their favourite eatery Scott's in Mayfair FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Oh what a lovely war! Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with Eric Johnson April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor on Who Do You Think You Are? They know a thing or two about  family secrets  Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii She loves the waves in real life as well as in her movie Ride TOWIE's Lydia Bright looks chic in a bardot crop top and flares as she shoots scenes with glam co-star mum Debbie Douglas TOWIE royalty 'I was mortified!' Line Of Duty star Vicky McClure recalls the moment her mother left her red-faced in front of MADONNA on the red carpet Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born The remake won't hit screens until 2018 EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Heavily-pregnant Amy Childs shows off her baby bump in a clingy khaki dress as she prepares for to welcome daughter 'any day now' About to pop Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 by indulging her passion for horses as she takes in the action at Newbury Racecourse 'I've never been out on a date!' Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview SPOILER ALERT: Ken Barlow comes face to face with grandson Adam at the police station for the first time since he was arrested over terrifying fall Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Songs dating 1963-2016 Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Red carpet queen Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album She's busy promoting her new album Places Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Racy BBC drama Versailles set to include THIRTY X-rated scenes in its second series... including full-frontal nudity and courtiers enjoying a mass orgy 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Bound for stardom Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year 'It has burst!' Kate Garraway is left mortified after her figure-hugging dress pops open LIVE on Good Morning Britain Left red-faced Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in NYC Snappy dresser Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station EXCLUSIVE 'We only met once!' Swedish model Isabella Cirnski hits back at claims she's dating unlucky-in-love TOWIE star Liam 'Gatsby' Blackwell TOWIE's Kate Wright is pictured for the first time with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand as it emerges she has QUIT reality show  Confirming romance Britain's tallest man towers over Ruth and Eamonn on This Morning at 7ft7in - as he reveals he has size NINETEEN feet and struggles to find a car  Teenager, 19, who mocked Katie Price's disabled son Harvey on Twitter is let off with a police caution  Harvey has Prader-Willi syndrome 'He NEEDS to be a member!' Steps mega-fan Rylan Clark goes into meltdown as pop group appear on This Morning band to discuss comeback Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl lied about her 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the Paris train heroes who thwarted terrorist attack  He met the brave men  last year 'I wasn't posh enough': Gemma Arterton claims she's lost out on acting roles because of her working-class background Award-winning actress Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video... after bragging about 'flu diet' What a pair of mugs! David Walliams playfully confuses fans as he shares 'scary' face swap snap of himself and fellow BGT judge Simon Cowell Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on The Graham Norton Show What's up, Toff? Bleary-eyed Georgia Toffolo looks worse for wear as she heads home from a night out with MIC co-star beau Sam Prince 'I'm a lucky man!' Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver gushes over 'gorgeous' wife Jools as he shares makeup-free snapshot of the natural beauty Fancy that! Jemma Lucy miraculously bounces back from 'broken back and t**s' injury as she's given a helping hand by EOTB pal Charlotte Dawson 'Loving the sunshine': Denise Van Outen, 42, exhibits her sensational curves and ample assets in plunging swimwear on Marbella getaway Ex-TOWIE star Abigail Clarke has finally found relief from her crippling IBS after enduring years of agonising symptoms and cruel taunts over her bloated figure La La Anthony 'gets primary custody in temporary agreement' after split from husband Carmelo... as woman claims she's pregnant with his baby 'We know you're a junkie and lying to us': Davina McCall reveals the moment she decided to tackle drug addiction following her final friend's ultimatum Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Mariah Carey enjoys cosy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' 'Furious' Jo Wood reveals her anger at being kicked off an overbooked easyJet plane and tells the airline: 'You picked on the wrong woman!'  'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage  Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is showstopping in a pretty kimono jacket after wowing in the West End in Carousel The Welsh soprano, 36, had another great night Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears sheer minidress with Virgin Mary on chest for photoshoot...after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine Eye-popping in pink  Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night Cambridge-born singer 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood She is a busy working mother Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Smiling Mel B join daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children claiming 'my kids miss me' Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cosies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX Her lips looked very sore and swollen   'Bite me... but don't touch!': MIC's Louise Thompson goes TOPLESS while wearing nothing but a pair of slogan jeans for very racy Instagram snap Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC Put her taut tummy and long legs on display  Lauren Goodger displays her curves in a form-fitting black T-shirt with ribbed leggings... after vowing to work on regaining her 'fitness bod' Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Beauty is pain, or so they say Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Now that's not daytime viewing! Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow in sexy Celebrity Juice throwback clip 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalised' Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles They eloped earlier this year 'Georgina's gonna carry first as I'm s**t with needles': X Factor star Lucy Spraggan reveals she's trying for a baby with wife... weeks after foster approval 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' He's not QUITE as old as the sun just yet Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Signing away  Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom Lifted the lid on her hippy home life  Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Ever the elegant fashionista 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' 1D star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Exquisite All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist Pretty mother-of-two  In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates Nothing like mum's  'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated like a version of electrolysis': Caitlyn Jenner admits she sold herself out by being on KUWTK 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He's no Pratt   A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party Black and gold Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! In a hurry In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD Stepped out in the tight dress in Beverly Hills 'I'm not taking any drugs': Embattled Danniella Westbrook declares she feels 'strong and happy' in midst of recuperating Spanish rehab break His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double Double the handsomeness She's looking Marb-ellous! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her blossoming baby bump in neon green bikini on family holiday  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC Supermodel looks Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball Lent her beauty to a good cause  She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order!  She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs 'Proud beyond words': Bindi Irwin, mother Terri and boyfriend Chandler Powell take sweet family selfie ahead of Robert's appearance on Jimmy Fallon Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead in his car of a suspected overdose at the age of 72  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Up all night 'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during appearance on Bravo's WWHL Got honest about recreational drug use Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses The singer, 46, filed for divorce last year Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas I've got attention deficit disorder, admits Rory Bremner as he says medication has switched his brain 'from Radio 1 techno to Classic FM' 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Too much information? Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   Stepped out on the New York set  Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer The bumpy Hills Vicky Pattison silences claims she's ballooned to a 'size 14-16' as she shows off her trim figure in racy lace lingerie for sizzling mirror snap Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Hands-on dad pushed his little one through 'I love you!' Victoria Beckham dedicates gushing note to her husband David as she thanks him for his constant support after landing OBE Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance Leggy Cole: Smoking supermodel Lily flaunts her long pins in patterned orange dress as she takes to the stage at opening night of The Philanthropist 'Chillin' in Venice': Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her golden Coachella tan in very short floral playsuit as she heads to dinner in LA     Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC The 22-year-old looked stunning EXCLUSIVE: 'She has informed producers she may take an extended break': Kate Wright QUITS TOWIE... as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Ooh la la! Versailles courtiers go nude for VERY racy orgy scenes as series two of the controversial BBC drama kicks off Raunchier than ever She had it coming! Imogen Anthony bares her cleavage in a VERY skimpy top before accidentally flashing her breast during wild night out in LA Very Clancy! Leggy Abbey looks leggy in very sexy lace lingerie with extreme thigh-split...  just a day after VERY boozy night out husband Peter Crouch FIRST LOOK: Photos from Game Of Thrones season seven debut with Daenerys landing in Westeros to become Queen Of The Seven Kingdoms TOWIE's Chloe Meadows emerges days after attending club in midst of acid attack... as police hunt Ferne McCann's boyfriend in relation to incident Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose shows off her incredible curves in clingy dress at STD awareness event Knows how to work the red carpet to perfection Enjoying a little PDA: Loved-up Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm during romantic stroll in New Orleans A vision of happiness  That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Hot mama! 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame  'He'll be very jealous!' Pregnant Binky Felstead exposes her bump as she anticipates pet pup's envy over baby girl while chilling with Louise Thompson  English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram Makeup-free Tess Daly is chic in a cream jacket with matching fedora as she and husband Vernon Kay return from 'heavenly' family getaway to Miami  'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth Landmark moment for mummy  Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival Kate Winslet looks sensational in a figure-hugging black gown as she joins fellow Oscar winners Julia Roberts and Penelope Cruz at exclusive Monaco party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Baby got back(hand)! TOWIE's Megan McKenna flaunts her toned legs in tiny white skirt as she joins sexy pal Amber Turner for tennis match Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is unrecognisable as he sports a thick moustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Earning her fashion stripes! Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in NYC John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover 'I want to be a lesbian!' Jesy Nelson delightedly confirms single status as she gets VERY close to female friend on raucous night out in midst of messy Chris Clark split Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Subscribe Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking USA Politics First Look Wal-Mart, other retailers betting against Trump’s border tax Many retailers that were contemplating a complicated and costly shift of supply lines closer to the US are now changing their calculus to fight a border tax bill in Congress. Monitor's Best: Top 5 March for Science: Can political activism and science coexist? Cover Story Is anyone mightier than Le Pen? Trump voters discontented? So far that's not what polls say. Focus In Balkans, a fragile order grows brittle, threatening stability The next O'Reilly: Why young conservatives may not want a Papa Bear Popular Now March for Science: Can political activism and science coexist? Cover Story Is anyone mightier than Le Pen? Trump voters discontented? So far that's not what polls say. Focus In Balkans, a fragile order grows brittle, threatening stability Five surprising facts about Protestantism Photos of the Day 04/21 SUBSCRIBE Customers walk outside of a Wal-Mart store in San Jose, Calif. From Wal-Mart to General Motors to Amazon, a growing number of the world’s largest companies appear to be trying to get in step with President Trump’s demand that employers hire and keep jobs at home. Jeff Chiu/AP/File | Caption Loading... Nandita Bose Reuters April 21, 2017 Chicago—Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Trump's administration plans to impose a 20 percent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise US consumer prices by as much as 25 percent. Last week, the president said he favored an 'import tax' that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin's tax rate for US products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Mr. Trump's ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside US borders. But the vagueness around Trump's proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump's idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national health-care law failed to get a vote in the House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a health care reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be "as messy as the healthcare bill," according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Trump's biggest executive actions, explained Target, for one, thinks the industry's lobbying efforts are succeeding. "We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn't embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress," a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large US retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion.  Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers – ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty – would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. "They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare," he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply US customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm's founder and CEO. "The process has intensified in the past six months," said Mr. Minkoff. Where the supply chains are The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria, and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. Shifting production from existing supply bases like China is costly, may involve intellectual property issues and disrupts long-term supply contracts, making it hard to plan and execute such moves, two industry sources said. Consultants have told retailers they could mitigate shipping costs enough to offset any border tax, while avoiding the cost of moving production into the US, the sources said. But so far they are not proceeding with major supply chain changes, according to retailers and industry consultants. "Wal-Mart is not ready to spend money to deal with this," said a supply chain consultant who works with the retailer but requested anonymity for fear of disrupting the firm's relationship with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has reviewed its options with supply chain consultants, but has not yet commissioned a concrete contingency plan, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said. Wal-Mart declined comment. Executives at smaller retailers and brands like Samsonite, Crate and Barrel and Steve Madden said there is little competitive impetus for action because they believe a border tax would hurt them and competitors equally. Samsonite was studying reviving its US manufacturing base, but is not close to taking action. "Setting plans (based) on policy proposals that are yet to be implemented is not right," Samsonite Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala told Reuters. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × Minneapolis-based Target is limiting itself to conducting feasibility studies. "We just don't want to get ahead of ourselves and invest capital," the Target official said. Target declined comment. Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Trump's biggest executive actions, explained By Story Hinckley First Look Mexico threatens to end NAFTA talks if US proposes tariffs By Mengqi Sun First Look General Motors says it will invest $1 billion in US factories By Mengqi Sun Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 04/21 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart CEO gets 13 percent raise, Lore gets $243.9 payout for Jet.com 17 Hours AgoReuters SHARES David Orrell | CNBC Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart's chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. Newly-minted U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore also earned a multi-million dollar pay package. Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of $243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned $7.6 million. In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6 percent to $22.8 billion, compared with an 11 percent drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8 percent to $485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1 percent to $496 billion. The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3 percent in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain. Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of $11.55 million, a slight increase from $11.54 million a year ago. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Earth Day Freebie Friday: Free LED light bulbs at IKEA; $5 fares, attraction discounts on Tri-Rail Go green with Earth Day freebies and deals on Saturday Free LED light bulbs at IKEA and $5 flat-rate rides on Tri-Rail with free entry and discounts to Perez Art Museum Miami, Vizcaya, Palm Beach Zoo, City Place and Xtreme Action Park. Free LED light bulbs at IKEA and $5 flat-rate rides on Tri-Rail with free entry and discounts to Perez Art Museum Miami, Vizcaya, Palm Beach Zoo, City Place and Xtreme Action Park. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: The Earth Day edition. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Be green and save green on Earth Day, which is celebrated Saturday. A few offers in my Earth Day roundup include a free Youfit workout on Friday, and free LED light bulbs and coupons and deals during IKEA's Sustainable Living event on Saturday. Or, here's a fun one: Park the car and hop on Tri-Rail during Ride & Play day. Fares are $5 roundup and you'll also get free entry and discounts at the Palm Beach Zoo, Perez Art Museum Miami and other South Florida attractions. On behalf of Mother Earth, keep on recycling, reusing and saving. Have a great weekend. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Earth Day freebies, deals and sales Free eats at Joe's Crab Shack with purchase and donation to Autism Speaks  Free entry at Everglades National Park and Shark Valley on Saturday and Sunday Free movie screenings of "King Arthur" at AMC Theatres on Thursday   Free two-month trial on SiriusXM Satellite Radio Free $5 Starbucks gift card with purchase using Apple Pay Free pretzel at Auntie Anne's for National Pretzel Day on Wednesday Free entree with autism donation at Joe's Crab Shack Doreen Christensen Get a free meals at Joe's Crab Shack with donations to Autism Speaks. The chain of seafood restaurants is offering coupons for free eats as a thank you for donations online or in stores in April during Autism Awareness Month. Give $20 and get a free entree and T-shirt with purchase of an adult... Get a free meals at Joe's Crab Shack with donations to Autism Speaks. The chain of seafood restaurants is offering coupons for free eats as a thank you for donations online or in stores in April during Autism Awareness Month. Give $20 and get a free entree and T-shirt with purchase of an adult... (Doreen Christensen) Free gas: $10 off gas cards at Publix; expires Sunday Free bike helmets for first 500 kids at Safe Kids Day at Palm Beach Outlets on Saturday Free Microsoft Office 365 for students and teachers Free pasta entree with purchase at Carrabba's; expires April 30 Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies and ticket deals for 2017 Miami Marlins season  Free kids' meals at IHOP Free $13 Shea Butter kit from L'Occitane Free 90-day membership, $5 off coupon at BJ's Wholesale Club Free bag of Nutro dog food at Petco; expires Monday Free ice cream cones at Carvel on Thursday Free bottle of Nestea Free $5 gift card at Starbucks; expires April 30 Free samples of International Delight Creamers Free waxing from European Wax Center Free 6-month Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free document shredding from Office Depot; expires April 29 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal Free vintage "Wartime Recipes" cookbook from Sun-Maid Raisins Free 1-year Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Earth Day freebies, deals and sales on Friday and Saturday Doreen Christensen We love Mother Earth and environmentally friendly freebies, so here's a bunch of goodies, deals and savings you can score in honor of Earth Day, celebrated Saturday, April 22. In other words, be green and save green!Amazon.com: 20 percent off Amazon Warehouse Deals. Best Buy: 30 percent off major... We love Mother Earth and environmentally friendly freebies, so here's a bunch of goodies, deals and savings you can score in honor of Earth Day, celebrated Saturday, April 22. In other words, be green and save green!Amazon.com: 20 percent off Amazon Warehouse Deals. Best Buy: 30 percent off major... (Doreen Christensen) Free burger with text signup at Checkers  Free spring Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free $10 off $10 or more coupon at JC Penney on Saturday Free Disney Family printed decal Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at Olive Garden Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Scholastic children's books with purchase from Kellogg's Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free $12 movie ticket from General Mills; expires Oct. 31 Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free Wetlands coloring book from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free two-month trial of SiriusXM Satellite Radio Doreen Christensen Listen to SiriusXM Satellite Radio for free with a two-month trial. If the service is inactive in your preowned car, enter your vehicle's identification number at the link below to get an activation signal beamed the radio. Then, tune in commercial-free music across all genres, news, comedy, sports... Listen to SiriusXM Satellite Radio for free with a two-month trial. If the service is inactive in your preowned car, enter your vehicle's identification number at the link below to get an activation signal beamed the radio. Then, tune in commercial-free music across all genres, news, comedy, sports... (Doreen Christensen) Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free movies on Vudu Movies on Us streaming service Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Sun-Maid cookbook Free updated Jiffy Mix recipe book Free downloadable Gooseberry Patch Circle of Friends Cookbook Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Save 50 percent on Uber rides using Chase credit card Doreen Christensen Save 50 percent on Uber rides by using a Chase credit card or debit as a payment method. New members can download the free Uber app and sign up using code CHASE50 to save up to $15 on two rides through July 31. If you haven't hopped on the ride-hailing craze, Uber is a great option when traveling,... Save 50 percent on Uber rides by using a Chase credit card or debit as a payment method. New members can download the free Uber app and sign up using code CHASE50 to save up to $15 on two rides through July 31. If you haven't hopped on the ride-hailing craze, Uber is a great option when traveling,... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot $3.50 off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at Great Clips 20 percent off at Amazon Warehouse Deals $10 off at Macy's; expires Sunday $10 off shoes and bags at DSW; expires Monday 20 percent to 50 percent off at Stein Mart; expires Sunday 15 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sunday $10 to $100 off at Big Lots; expires April 29  $20 or $50 off at Yankee Candle; expires Sunday $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 $10 off at JC Penney; expires Saturday $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 20 percent off at Michaels; expires Saturday 15 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires April 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen's Deals: Wal-Mart to offer pickup discount on online orders Doreen Christensen Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few... Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders Earth Day: Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Earth Day: How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers new unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Free pasta entree with purchase at Carrabba's Italian Grill Doreen Christensen Get a free spaghetti and meatballs entree to take home at Carrabba's Italian Grill . The chain is offering the freebie when you buy any spaghetti entree through April 30. No coupon is necessary. Just mention the offer when ordering. The chain has supersized 10 pasta entrees, making them 25 percent... Get a free spaghetti and meatballs entree to take home at Carrabba's Italian Grill . The chain is offering the freebie when you buy any spaghetti entree through April 30. No coupon is necessary. Just mention the offer when ordering. The chain has supersized 10 pasta entrees, making them 25 percent... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Auntie Anne's: Free pretzel; expires Wednesday Buca di Beppo: $15 off; expires Friday Carrabba's: Free pasta entree with purchase; expires April 30 Checkers: Free burger with text signup BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: $10 off; expires Sunday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Einstein Bros.: 6 bagels and shmear for $6; expires Sunday Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Joe's Crab Shack: Free eats with purchase and donation to Autism Speaks  Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Olive Garden: Free entree with purchase Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Outback Steakhouse: $5 off dinner, $4 off lunch; expires April 30 Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup Pei Wei: Coupon for 20 percent off $20 purchase; expires Sunday P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Sweet Tomatoes: 30 percent off; expires Wednesday Starbucks: Free $5 gift with purchase through Apple Pay T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Visit Everglades National Park for free in April Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     See more videos FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at Everglades National Park on Saturday and Sunday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays and Sundays $3 off each admission at Butterfly World Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free Legoland annual pass for Florida teachers Doreen Christensen Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Spring savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Earth Day is Saturday, April 11. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 76°
Chicago - Apr. 21, 2017   Beachwood Politics Our monthly archive. Who We Are Chicago by the numbers. Sausage Links Wiki Daley Wiki Rahm Illinois Channel CAN TV Ralph Martire Doonesbury Government Attic Division Street Indie Political Report The Obameter ProPublica The Intercept SCOTUS Blog American Dream Betrayed Filing: Walmart CEO Made $22.4 Million Last Year By Nandita Bose/Reuters Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6 percent to $22.8 billion, compared with an 11 percent drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8 percent to $485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1 percent to $496 billion. The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3 percent in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain. Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of $11.55 million, a slight increase from $11.54 million a year ago. U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of $243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned $7.6 million. - Comments welcome. Permalink Posted on April 21, 2017 MUSIC - The Week In Chicago Rock. TV - Trump's Disastrous FCC Chair. POLITICS - Filing: Walmart CEO Made $22.4 Million Last Year. SPORTS - Canada Cuts Youth Hockey Injuries In Half. BOOKS - America, We Need To Talk. PEOPLE PLACES & THINGS - Beachwood Photo Booth: Wyoming, Michigan. Search The Beachwood Reporter Subscribe To Our Newsletter Email: Beachwood Radio! Ask Me Anything! © 2006 - 2017, The Beachwood Media Company
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thecattlesite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Sustainability Knowledge Centre Directory Events Our Shop News DFA Joins Project Initiative to reduce GHG Emissions 21 April 2017 US - During Walmart’s Sustainability Milestone Summit, Dairy Farmers of America (DFA) joined the retailer and other organizations in announcing its participation in a new platform, Project Gigaton, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from operations and supply chains one gigaton by 2030. Through Project Gigaton, a network of suppliers, companies and non-governmental organizations will submit goals and plans to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, the equivalent of taking more than 211 million passengers vehicles off of US roads and highways for a year. The initiative has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus emissions reduction efforts. “We are excited to work with Walmart toward its sustainability goals, and are aligned with its vision,” said David Darr, president of farm services at DFA. “Our farmer members have a strong track record of progress and stewardship and are committed to producing safe, quality and wholesome dairy products through integrity-based, sustainable practices. We have a moral obligation to feed the world in a sustainable manner and look forward to continuing the journey as technology evolves in this area.” DFA is committing to accelerating our work in the areas of manure management, anaerobic digestion, farm management and advanced management technologies. It sees its work contributing to: Significantly increase the number of manure management systems that mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions Working with nearly 8,000 members on farm management practices that lead to lower enteric GHG emissions Promoting advanced systems and technologies that lead to more efficient dairy farms DFA and other participating companies are being provided with an emission reduction toolkit that was designed with the input of the World Wildlife Fund, Environmental Defense Fund and other organizations. The toolkit provides guidance on implementing effective enterprise strategies in addressing sustainability challenges and underscores the business benefits in reducing emissions. According to a joint report published by the World Wildlife Fund and CDP, US businesses that commit to annually cutting their carbon emissions can collectively reap as much as $190 billion in savings from reduced energy bills, increased productivity and other associated gains. DFA is proud to join Walmart and other companies in Project Gigaton as it works to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in its operations and supply chains. TheCattleSite News Desk Markets, Economics, Environment and Waste, Sustainability, General, Farmer/Worker Health & Safety Share This Related News CME: Placements Expected to be Up as Much as 9.5%   21 April 2017 Dairy UK Calls for Politicians to Stand Up for Dairy   21 April 2017 Report Says Dairy Imports to Continue Rising   21 April 2017 Outlook for Agriculture Remains Positive Despite Slower Growth   21 April 2017 Dairy Cattle Confirmed to be Infected with Bovine TB   21 April 2017 More News Better Way to Predict Environmental Impacts of Ag Production    21 April 2017 Border, Trade Issues Discussed at IFA Meeting on Brexit    21 April 2017 CME: March Retail Beef Prices Up Compared to Previous Month    20 April 2017 Study: Which Production Attributes are Most Important to Consumers    20 April 2017 US President to Help Farmers in Dairy Fight with Canada    20 April 2017 Teagasc Professional Diploma in Dairy Farm Management Open for Applications    20 April 2017 Beef Fuels Team Beef in Boston    20 April 2017 Reciprocal Recognition of Food Safety with US of Mutual Benefit    20 April 2017 Vitebsk Oblast Likely to Set Up Dairy Venture in Astrakhan    20 April 2017 Australia to Ship Dairy Heifers to Sri Lanka    20 April 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Cattle News Company News Headlines News Bluetongue News BSE News Foot & Mouth News Schmallenberg Virus News by Category Analysis Latest Analysis Features Latest Features Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Disease Guide Beef Breeds Dairy Breeds Treatment Guide Newsletter Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. TheCattleSite – Cattle Health, Welfare and Diseases News 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia to thwart Trump border tax issue By Reuters Published: 07:04 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 07:04 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose CHICAGO, April 21 (Reuters) - Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump's administration plans to impose a 20 percent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise U.S. consumer prices by as much as 25 percent. Last week, the President said he favored an 'import tax' that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin's tax rate for U.S. products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump's ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside U.S. borders. But the vagueness around Trump's proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump's idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be "as messy as the healthcare bill," according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry's lobbying efforts are succeeding. "We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn't embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress," a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large U.S. retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers - ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty - would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. "They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare," he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply U.S. customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm's founder and CEO. "The process has intensified in the past six months," said Minkoff. WHERE THE SUPPLY CHAINS ARE The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. Shifting production from existing supply bases like China is costly, may involve intellectual property issues and disrupts long-term supply contracts, making it hard to plan and execute such moves, two industry sources said. Consultants have told retailers they could mitigate shipping costs enough to offset any border tax, while avoiding the cost of moving production into the U.S, the sources said. But so far they are not proceeding with major supply chain changes, according to retailers and industry consultants. "Wal-Mart is not ready to spend money to deal with this," said a supply chain consultant who works with the retailer but requested anonymity for fear of disrupting the firm's relationship with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has reviewed its options with supply chain consultants, but has not yet commissioned a concrete contingency plan, sources with direct knowledge of the matter said. Wal-Mart declined comment. Executives at smaller retailers and brands like Samsonite, Crate and Barrel and Steve Madden said there is little competitive impetus for action because they believe a border tax would hurt them and competitors equally. Samsonite was studying reviving its U.S. manufacturing base, but is not close to taking action. "Setting plans (based) on policy proposals that are yet to be implemented is not right," Samsonite Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala told Reuters. Minneapolis-based Target is limiting itself to conducting feasibility studies. "We just don't want to get ahead of ourselves and invest capital," the Target official said. Target declined comment. (Editing by David Greising and Edward Tobin) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright oozes confidence in chic striped top and jeans... as she is pictured for first time since stepping out with Rio Ferdinand Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte... as she accuses Spice Girl of depicting her as a 'homewrecker'  'Best EastEnders scene I've EVER seen!': Hunky Lee Ryan sparks Twitter meltdown as he strips off for topless scene with co-star Shona McGarty 'Stop obsessing!' The X Factor star Sam Callahan begs lottery millionaire Jane Park to move on... amid claims she's following him into Big Brother house Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA Stunning Nick Knowles' estranged wife Jessica shows off her hourglass figure in stylish black jumpsuit as she leads the glamour at the Blog Awards Beauty in blush! Sofia Vergara pairs nude tank with leather skirt as she heads to a dinner in West Hollywood Form-fitting ensemble Baby, it's cold outside! Newly single Hilary Duff rugs up as she heads out on the town in New York  Struggled to keep warm William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with curry, partying with Tinie Tempah and texting DJs for shoutouts Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says an armed police officer could keep him in line on visits  SPOILER ALERT: It's uncanny! Simon Cowell meets his namesake on Britain's Got Talent... a spoon-balancing IT worker from the Isle of Man Jetsetter! Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in white trousers and black Gucci hoodie at LAX... after flashing the flesh for lingerie shoot Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Coronation Street star Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmer figure in form-fitting little black dress... after dropping two stone in weight Looks hot All black everything! Salma Hayek dons leather pants for 11th Hour showing at NYC's Tribeca Film Festival Bringing sexy back! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Vanessa White gives a saucy flash of her assets in plunging bra as she documents night out on Instagram... after attending bridal fashion bash in Chelsea It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she colour coordinates her athleisure  Not her happy self 'He really really wanted a boy': Sam Faiers reveals she felt 'pressure' from husband Paul Knightley to have a baby son in new interview on motherhood KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Unrecognisable 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview MIC's Rosie Fortescue showcases her sexy style as she poses in a bold floral dress and racy knee-length boots at upscale bridal wear fashion launch party So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie Jenner look-a-like Jordan Ozuna Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA Revenge body! Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll Much needed break In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business 'She wants her jewellery and her earnings to remain hers': Kate Beckinsale 'responds to divorce petition filed by ex Len Wiseman' EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart: Tyga embraces gorgeous Jenner clone after split Their three year romance was marred by splits SPOILER ALERT: Amber Turner makes a shocking dig at Chloe Meadows as she tries to diffuse tension between her and ex Jamie Reed on Only Way Is Essex That'll keep off the chill! Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She recently enjoyed a Costa Rican holiday That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired by her hair PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs 'She sounds posher than the princes!' Viewers complain they can't understand Kate's VERY plummy accent - while Harry baffles with his use of 'ain't' Vicky Pattison continues to fight persistent weight gain rumours as she flashes her thighs in a saucy new selfie She's a mission Love Island's Olivia Buckland flaunts her tiny waist in skimpy bikini as she cosies up to inked fiancé Alex Bowen on Spanish getaway 'He nearly burned the place down': Harry Styles 'suffers backstage calamity' after setting his shirt alight following Saturday Night Live performance She's doing something Wright! Ex-TOWIE star Jess shows off her impressively toned abs in skimpy sports bra at personal training session 'I fear this will be judged': Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in a barely-there lace bra and tasseled jacket at Coachella Eye-popping selfie She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off her new cropped hairstyle after lopping her trademark locks for latest film role SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Wants a 'family affair' Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She's the boss Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Power Of Women luncheon She was all about the ladies as she showed off her unique style Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredible physique in a skimpy peach bikini as she relaxes poolside during Los Angeles getaway Unbelievably toned 'We never really talked about mum': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate describes 'life changing' impact of motherhood Former Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman, 80, enjoys a rare public outing with wife Suzanne Accosta... one year after prostate cancer diagnosis Who'll win the fashion face-off? Ladies Day revellers at the Scottish Grand National step out in VERY racy outfits Racegoers stepped out in some revealing outfits 'I dated him, too!': RHONY's Sonja Morgan admits fling with Owen Wilson after confessing she romanced Jack Nicholson That's a bit wild! The Apprentice star Jessica Cunningham teams leopard print coat with thigh-skimming minidress at the UK Blog Awards Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie Quite a crowd-pleaser I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview  'She's had early discussions': Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after West End stint A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a special performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish £200k wedding of Rory McIlroy and Erica Stoll  How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Not as alike as seems Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Used to flashing her skin 'Will I die?' Caprice breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she recalls shocking brain tumour diagnosis and vow to 'be strong' for her young sons 'She showed off some antiques she just bought her mother and skipped off to her room': Carrie Fisher's Catastrophe co-star talks about her shocking death  A Royal engagement! Princess Beatrice cuts an elegant figure in chic black minidress as she attends Kairos Society Global Summit in New York They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 It's uncanny Steps' Claire Richards continues to showcase her slender figure after losing SIX STONE... as the pop group appear on This Morning discuss their latest comeback 'Romance could be on the cards': Ex-TOWIE lovers Chris Clark and Amber Dowding have 'reconnected' during recent filming... after his split from Jesy Nelson Toff notch! MIC star Georgia shows off her quirky style in boho floral maxi dress and sporty trainers at star-studded bridalwear launch party Karlie Kloss shows off her killer legs in a bright colour-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel The West Wing actor met the chicken pioneer Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap A tight-knit family Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' He looked downcast Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Wears almost anything Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Shone among stars Millionaire former Saturdays singer Vanessa White is handed £50,000 of taxpayers' cash to boost her solo career abroad  Earned £2m with group Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit She shows no sign of slowing down It's in the genes! Gigi Hadid looks picture perfect despite the ugly mom jeans as she heads out in New York Rocked the baggy high-wasted jeans A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on holiday in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón In fantastic shape SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Filmed by daughter Jade It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon  She made a stylish appearance EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals a man threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and how she watched  Ozzy and Sharon flatline Why must my partner's slobby son who does nothing in the home wreck my hope of happiness?  BEL MOONEY a stepmum Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Featured missing patches of flesh Beefy Ben Affleck looks muscular as he preps for Batman... while ex Jennifer Garner steps out in summer dress Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Going to Karl Lagerfeld's Is Ferne fleeing the country? TOWIE star McCann 'spotted at an airport' as police hunt for her boyfriend over acid attack that left two people blind  Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther She adopted twin girls from Malawi in February 'I'll tidy it later!' Charlotte Crosby shows off her washboard stomach and lean legs in a sizzling red bikini... after hitting back over messy room selfie Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson flaunts serious side boob in barely-there swimwear and gold harness during Spanish getaway Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Kate Wright hits back at trolls as she is blasted online after being pictured with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand for the first time Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her slender figure and amazing abs in a series of bright bikinis as she continues her extended LA getaway 'Tis the seasoned! Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume on MasterChef Junior Charlie Hunnam looks suave at King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage That's my name! Kristin Chenoweth dazzles in emerald mini dress with low-cut neckline...and totes custom clutch The Only Way Is... Out! TOWIE favourite James 'Arg' Argent will 'take an extended break from reality series following his stint in a Thai rehab facility' Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress  Filming Wrinkle In Time 'It was internalised misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Nick who? Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten looks VERY loved up with new film producer beau Scott Walker as the pair lay on the PDA at an event in London Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Highlighted slim legs Just a soupçon: Trinny Woodall enjoys a light lunch in a striking powder blue coat with her partner Charles Saatchi at their favourite eatery Scott's in Mayfair FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Oh what a lovely war! Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with Eric Johnson April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor on Who Do You Think You Are? They know a thing or two about  family secrets  Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii She loves the waves in real life as well as in her movie Ride TOWIE's Lydia Bright looks chic in a bardot crop top and flares as she shoots scenes with glam co-star mum Debbie Douglas TOWIE royalty 'I was mortified!' Line Of Duty star Vicky McClure recalls the moment her mother left her red-faced in front of MADONNA on the red carpet Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born The remake won't hit screens until 2018 EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Heavily-pregnant Amy Childs shows off her baby bump in a clingy khaki dress as she prepares for to welcome daughter 'any day now' About to pop Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 by indulging her passion for horses as she takes in the action at Newbury Racecourse 'I've never been out on a date!' Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview SPOILER ALERT: Ken Barlow comes face to face with grandson Adam at the police station for the first time since he was arrested over terrifying fall Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Songs dating 1963-2016 Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Red carpet queen Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album She's busy promoting her new album Places Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Racy BBC drama Versailles set to include THIRTY X-rated scenes in its second series... including full-frontal nudity and courtiers enjoying a mass orgy 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Bound for stardom Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year 'It has burst!' Kate Garraway is left mortified after her figure-hugging dress pops open LIVE on Good Morning Britain Left red-faced Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in NYC Snappy dresser Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station EXCLUSIVE 'We only met once!' Swedish model Isabella Cirnski hits back at claims she's dating unlucky-in-love TOWIE star Liam 'Gatsby' Blackwell TOWIE's Kate Wright is pictured for the first time with 'boyfriend' Rio Ferdinand as it emerges she has QUIT reality show  Confirming romance Britain's tallest man towers over Ruth and Eamonn on This Morning at 7ft7in - as he reveals he has size NINETEEN feet and struggles to find a car  Teenager, 19, who mocked Katie Price's disabled son Harvey on Twitter is let off with a police caution  Harvey has Prader-Willi syndrome 'He NEEDS to be a member!' Steps mega-fan Rylan Clark goes into meltdown as pop group appear on This Morning band to discuss comeback Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl lied about her 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the Paris train heroes who thwarted terrorist attack  He met the brave men  last year 'I wasn't posh enough': Gemma Arterton claims she's lost out on acting roles because of her working-class background Award-winning actress Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video... after bragging about 'flu diet' What a pair of mugs! David Walliams playfully confuses fans as he shares 'scary' face swap snap of himself and fellow BGT judge Simon Cowell Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on The Graham Norton Show What's up, Toff? Bleary-eyed Georgia Toffolo looks worse for wear as she heads home from a night out with MIC co-star beau Sam Prince 'I'm a lucky man!' Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver gushes over 'gorgeous' wife Jools as he shares makeup-free snapshot of the natural beauty Fancy that! Jemma Lucy miraculously bounces back from 'broken back and t**s' injury as she's given a helping hand by EOTB pal Charlotte Dawson 'Loving the sunshine': Denise Van Outen, 42, exhibits her sensational curves and ample assets in plunging swimwear on Marbella getaway Ex-TOWIE star Abigail Clarke has finally found relief from her crippling IBS after enduring years of agonising symptoms and cruel taunts over her bloated figure La La Anthony 'gets primary custody in temporary agreement' after split from husband Carmelo... as woman claims she's pregnant with his baby 'We know you're a junkie and lying to us': Davina McCall reveals the moment she decided to tackle drug addiction following her final friend's ultimatum Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Mariah Carey enjoys cosy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' 'Furious' Jo Wood reveals her anger at being kicked off an overbooked easyJet plane and tells the airline: 'You picked on the wrong woman!'  'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage  Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is showstopping in a pretty kimono jacket after wowing in the West End in Carousel The Welsh soprano, 36, had another great night Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears sheer minidress with Virgin Mary on chest for photoshoot...after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine Eye-popping in pink  Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night Cambridge-born singer 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood She is a busy working mother Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Smiling Mel B join daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children claiming 'my kids miss me' Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cosies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX Her lips looked very sore and swollen   'Bite me... but don't touch!': MIC's Louise Thompson goes TOPLESS while wearing nothing but a pair of slogan jeans for very racy Instagram snap Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC Put her taut tummy and long legs on display  Lauren Goodger displays her curves in a form-fitting black T-shirt with ribbed leggings... after vowing to work on regaining her 'fitness bod' Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Beauty is pain, or so they say Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Now that's not daytime viewing! Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow in sexy Celebrity Juice throwback clip 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalised' Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles They eloped earlier this year 'Georgina's gonna carry first as I'm s**t with needles': X Factor star Lucy Spraggan reveals she's trying for a baby with wife... weeks after foster approval 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' He's not QUITE as old as the sun just yet Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Signing away  Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom Lifted the lid on her hippy home life  Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Ever the elegant fashionista 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' 1D star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Exquisite All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist Pretty mother-of-two  In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates Nothing like mum's  'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated like a version of electrolysis': Caitlyn Jenner admits she sold herself out by being on KUWTK 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He's no Pratt   A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party Black and gold Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! In a hurry In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD Stepped out in the tight dress in Beverly Hills 'I'm not taking any drugs': Embattled Danniella Westbrook declares she feels 'strong and happy' in midst of recuperating Spanish rehab break His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double Double the handsomeness She's looking Marb-ellous! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her blossoming baby bump in neon green bikini on family holiday  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC Supermodel looks Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball Lent her beauty to a good cause  She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order!  She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs 'Proud beyond words': Bindi Irwin, mother Terri and boyfriend Chandler Powell take sweet family selfie ahead of Robert's appearance on Jimmy Fallon Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead in his car of a suspected overdose at the age of 72  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Up all night 'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during appearance on Bravo's WWHL Got honest about recreational drug use Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses The singer, 46, filed for divorce last year Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas I've got attention deficit disorder, admits Rory Bremner as he says medication has switched his brain 'from Radio 1 techno to Classic FM' 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Too much information? Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   Stepped out on the New York set  Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer The bumpy Hills Vicky Pattison silences claims she's ballooned to a 'size 14-16' as she shows off her trim figure in racy lace lingerie for sizzling mirror snap Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Hands-on dad pushed his little one through 'I love you!' Victoria Beckham dedicates gushing note to her husband David as she thanks him for his constant support after landing OBE Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance Leggy Cole: Smoking supermodel Lily flaunts her long pins in patterned orange dress as she takes to the stage at opening night of The Philanthropist 'Chillin' in Venice': Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her golden Coachella tan in very short floral playsuit as she heads to dinner in LA     Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC The 22-year-old looked stunning EXCLUSIVE: 'She has informed producers she may take an extended break': Kate Wright QUITS TOWIE... as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Ooh la la! Versailles courtiers go nude for VERY racy orgy scenes as series two of the controversial BBC drama kicks off Raunchier than ever She had it coming! Imogen Anthony bares her cleavage in a VERY skimpy top before accidentally flashing her breast during wild night out in LA Very Clancy! Leggy Abbey looks leggy in very sexy lace lingerie with extreme thigh-split...  just a day after VERY boozy night out husband Peter Crouch FIRST LOOK: Photos from Game Of Thrones season seven debut with Daenerys landing in Westeros to become Queen Of The Seven Kingdoms TOWIE's Chloe Meadows emerges days after attending club in midst of acid attack... as police hunt Ferne McCann's boyfriend in relation to incident Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose shows off her incredible curves in clingy dress at STD awareness event Knows how to work the red carpet to perfection Enjoying a little PDA: Loved-up Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm during romantic stroll in New Orleans A vision of happiness  That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Hot mama! 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame  'He'll be very jealous!' Pregnant Binky Felstead exposes her bump as she anticipates pet pup's envy over baby girl while chilling with Louise Thompson  English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram Makeup-free Tess Daly is chic in a cream jacket with matching fedora as she and husband Vernon Kay return from 'heavenly' family getaway to Miami  'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth Landmark moment for mummy  Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival Kate Winslet looks sensational in a figure-hugging black gown as she joins fellow Oscar winners Julia Roberts and Penelope Cruz at exclusive Monaco party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Baby got back(hand)! TOWIE's Megan McKenna flaunts her toned legs in tiny white skirt as she joins sexy pal Amber Turner for tennis match Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is unrecognisable as he sports a thick moustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Earning her fashion stripes! Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in NYC John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover 'I want to be a lesbian!' Jesy Nelson delightedly confirms single status as she gets VERY close to female friend on raucous night out in midst of messy Chris Clark split Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Retail Search Search Virtual RealityLondon Bar Serves $23 Whisky Cocktail Alongside a Virtual Reality Headset fox newsHow Bill O’Reilly Leaving Fox Fired Up O’Reilly Auto Parts Stock Trump Visa BillIndian Techies, IT Firms Fret as Trump Orders U.S. Visa Review YouTubeYouTube Changes Restricted Mode After Backlash for Blocking LGBTQ Videos Doug McMillon, CEO of Walmart Photograph by Bloomberg via Getty Images CEO compensation Walmart CEO Doug McMillon Got a Solid Raise Last Year Reuters Apr 21, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores' chief executive officer received a 13% increase in total compensation to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart (wmt) in February 2014. In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6% to $22.8 billion, compared with an 11% drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8% to $485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1% to $496 billion. The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3% in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain. Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of $11.55 million, a slight increase from $11.54 million a year ago. U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of $243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned $7.6 million. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 75° 75° Low 58° High 88° Sat 54° 68° Sun 53° 62° Mon 57° 68° See complete forecast Razor recalls RipStik motorized board due to possible malfunction Posted 10:52 pm, April 20, 2017, by Melissa Stephenson Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Razor has recalled their RipStik Motorized Caster Boards because of a fall hazard. The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while the board is in use which poses the risk for users to fall, according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The RipStik was sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide. It was also sold online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017 for about $180. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. “RipStik” is printed on the top of the boards that come in blue and black. Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled caster boards and contact Razor to receive a free repair kit. Call Razor toll-free at 866-467-2967 or click here and then click on “Recall Information” for more information. Filed in: News Topics: Parenting, Recall, skateboarding Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Three arrested after driver shoots at another vehicle during Camden Co. incident Father charged with murder of 4-year-old son in Ocean View Pentagon to test ability to shoot down North Korean missiles North Carolina mother of four dies after complaining of migraine Latest News The Locker Room Show | April 21 Woman found unresponsive in vehicle dies at hospital, Hampton Police investigate Police review board says Charlotte shooting justified Student says she was banned from class over her hair color News Britax recalls more than 700,000 strollers due to fall hazard News Calphalon recalls cutlery knives due to possible blade breakage, laceration hazard News 680,000 baby rattles recalled due to choking hazard News More than 400,000 plastic toy frogs recalled News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears Health News 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination News Patio chairs sold at Home Depot recalled due to fall hazard News 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination News Pennsylvania girl first US death from hoverboard fire News Little Tikes recalls toddler swings after injuries to children News La-Z-Boy recalls power supplies sold with lift chairs due to shock hazard News Thousands of rock salt lamps recalled due to shock, fire hazards Health News Cheesemaker Sargento cuts supplier after product recall Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today issued its 2017 Annual Report, Global Responsibility Report, an update on its Global Ethics and Compliance Program and filed its Proxy Statement in preparation for the company’s upcoming Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Friday, June 2, 2017. Digital Press Kit View and download related reports and documents “We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond,” Walmart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in his letter to shareholders, associates and customers. “We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” Annual Report Highlights The 2017 Annual Report, Moving with Speed, provides shareholders with highlights of Walmart’s achievements in the last fiscal year and key company-wide initiatives for the upcoming year. The full report is available here. In the report, McMillon highlights how the company is continuing to write its own history of innovation by harnessing the power of technology and its investments in associates to create new ways of serving customers and providing associates with more opportunities to grow their careers. The company plans to focus on four key objectives in the coming year – make every day easier for busy families, change the way Walmart works, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer – to take advantage of opportunities resulting from the fundamental transformation of the retail industry within the economy and the communities Walmart serves. Also in the report is an update on governance and shareholder engagement from Chairman of the Board of Directors, Greg Penner. In his letter to shareholders, Penner states, “The transformation of Walmart is gaining momentum, and the Board of Directors is confident that we have the right strategy to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns in this new era of retail. Today’s customer has more time pressures than ever, and our focus on making life easier for busy families is critical. Walmart is uniquely positioned to deliver on that goal.” 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and Proxy Statement The company began distributing its Proxy Statement today with details of its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, to be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. (CDT) in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Ark. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017, the record date for the meeting, are entitled to vote at this year’s meeting. This year’s Proxy materials seek Shareholders’ vote on 11 director nominees, three company proposals and three shareholder proposals. Linda Wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election. As Walmart maintains its commitment to an independent board, it announced Carla Harris, vice chair of the Wealth Management business segment of Morgan Stanley, as a new independent nominee. “Linda and Pam have provided insightful leadership and demonstrated a deep commitment to the Board and shareholders that will be missed,” Penner said. “Linda’s brand management and international business expertise have benefited Walmart tremendously while Pam’s global perspectives, finance and technology experience have proven instrumental as we reposition the business for sustainable growth through stores, mobile and e-commerce. They both have also been strong advocates and leaders for Walmart’s Womens’ Empowerment and Diversity and Inclusion programs. With their retirements, we look forward to the deep experience in capital markets and global finance that Carla is prepared to provide to the Board.” Wolf, who served as chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and was a member of the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, is rotating off of the Board after 12 years of service in accordance with Walmart’s corporate governance guidelines. Craig joined the Board in 2013 and served on the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Audit Committee. She and Walmart mutually agreed that she will not stand for re-election due to the technical meaning of “independent” under the NYSE’s rules. As part of its annual review, the Board recently determined that Craig is no longer independent based on the 2016 promotion of her brother-in-law to executive officer of a Walmart supplier. Payments by Walmart to the supplier account for more than two percent of the supplier’s annual revenues If not for this technical issue, the Board otherwise considers Craig independent due to the fact that her brother-in-law is responsible for a region with the supplier that does a minimal amount of business with Walmart. Neither have a direct nor indirect material interest in the relationship between Walmart and the supplier. Harris’ experience during her 30-year career with Morgan Stanley has included investment banking, equity capital markets, equity private placements, and initial public offerings in a number of industries such as technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In 2013, she was also appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the National Women’s Business Council. The 2017 Proxy Statement can be read online. Shareholders unable to attend the 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in person may view a live webcast at http://www.stock.walmart.com. Global Responsibility Report Walmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report, the company’s tenth, outlines the company’s major milestones in fiscal year 2017 tied to environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, specifically highlighting the company’s progress within those areas. The report also outlines Walmart’s shared value priorities and aspirations for 2025 to continue to advance global responsibility in the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. The report is available digitally and can be viewed online. Global Ethics and Compliance Update Five years ago, the company began a multi-year process to reorganize, unify and professionalize its ethics and compliance program. The company’s fourth report on ethics and compliance looks back at the program’s growth over the past five years into a leading, world-class organization, and efforts to continue to prioritize and enhance ethics and compliance training, anti-corruption policies and procedures and digitization of compliance processes and systems. The detailed report is available here. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at and on Twitter at . CategoriesUncategorized Tags$WMT, Annual general meeting, Arkansas, Audit Committee, BENTONVILLE, Biotechnology, Board of directors, Brand Management, brother-in-law, Business Finance, Carla Harris, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate governance, Corporate law, Doug McMillon, E-Commerce, e-commerce and digital capabilities, e-commerce websites, Economy, Fayetteville, Greg Penner, Healthcare, investment banking, Linda Wolf, Management, Media, Mobile Technology, Morgan Stanley, National Women’s Business Council, Nominating and Governance Committee, Obama, Pam Craig, President, Proxy statement, Retail, retail stores, Structure, Technology and eCommerce Committee, technology experience, Telecommunication, Transportation, trusted retailer, University of Arkansas, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Walmart Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Creater.com.cn Provides Shared and Exclusive Office Spaces for Various Companies Next PostNext ORAU named winner of 2017 EPEAT Purchaser Award Search Recent Posts LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award WESTMORELAND AREA ROADS AFFECTED BY STORM DEBRIS – Multiple VDOT crews working to remove downed trees and limbs; Route 205 (Ridge Road) is closed at Ninth Street in Colonial Beach Proudly powered by WordPress
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak Cossetta's sues St. Paul, saying city blocked plans to expand War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows Prince fans make 'pilgrimages' to Minnesota's purple landmarks Psychologist: Serial rapist obsessed with deviant thoughts, not ready to leave program Vacation's over: Obama will return to public life next week Wild, Blues are resigned to low-scoring series Twins' bats revive in six-run sixth to thump Tigers Copy of Declaration of Independence discovered in Britain brings intrigue, questions Old-school Twin Cities shops defy the trends on Record Store Day 2017 Study links diet pop to higher risk of stroke, dementia next Local 420033563 St. Cloud Wal-Mart closes after man stabs 17-year-old girl A 29-year-old St. Cloud man was in custody and refusing to speak to officers. The teen said she didn't know why she was stabbed.  By Vince Tuss Star Tribune April 21, 2017 — 10:04am Text size share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint The Wal-Mart in St. Cloud closed Thursday night after a random stabbing that wounded a 17-year-old girl, police said. A 29-year-old St. Cloud man was in custody, authorities added, but he is refusing to speak to officers. “At this time, the circumstances leading up to the assault is unknown,” St. Cloud police said in a statement, adding there is no threat to public safety. It is not known when the store will reopen. The teen said she did not know the man nor why he stabbed her under her left arm. Police were called to the Wal-Mart, 3601 2nd St. S., about 7:30 p.m. Store security had the man contained in an area of the store, the statement said. The teen was taken to St. Cloud Hospital to be treated for what police called non-life-threatening injuries. Anyone with information is asked to call St. Cloud police at 1-320-251-1200. Tri-County Crime Stoppers also is taking tips, via phone at 1-320-255-1301 or 1-800-255-1301, online at www.tricountycrimestoppers.org or by text to 274637 and put TRITIP and a space before any message.     vincent.tuss@startribune.com 612-673-7692 vtuss More from Star Tribune People are checking out of the workforce at growing rates, economist says Cano accused of 'Jim Crow tactics' after challenging Minneapolis caucus results 75,000 ladybugs being released inside Mall of America for Earth Day Man found dead after shootout, standoff with police Robbery, shooting leads to 4 arrests in Hopkins Cannon Falls police: Attempted abduction did not happen $10K reward offered in killing of Minneapolis grandmother nearly 3 months ago One dead, one arrested in Brooklyn Center shooting More From Local South Metro 55 minutes ago In fight for MS cure, Shakopee man leads the way in national fundraising Chris Anderson has become an "ambassador" for MS through advocacy and fundraising. West Metro 12:59am Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak Misinformation about the measles shot raised fear in many Somali families. Now health officials are reaching out and redoubling their efforts. Local 12:46am Star Tribune wins eight National Headliner Awards The Star Tribune has won eight awards in the 83rd annual National Headliner Awards, including two first-place honors. The stories, projects, photos and digital content… Local 12:27am Prince fans revel in memory of an artist lost Prince fans from the Twin Cities and across the world bonded over the loss of their common idol. West Metro April 21 Hospital joins watershed district to build flood wall Methodist Hospital so far surviving April rains thanks to 370-foot concrete structure. Top Stories Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak 12:59am Cossetta's sues St. Paul, saying city blocked plans to expand Apr. 21 War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows Apr. 21 Most Read What would the Twin Cities look like as a mega-region? • Data Drop Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak • West Metro War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows • West Metro Cano accused of 'Jim Crow tactics' after challenging Minneapolis caucus results • Minneapolis Minnesota police dept. wins Twitter again with hilarious 4/20 tweet • Local World French election could disrupt security Saudi women demand more freedom Nation 'I don't like to be touched': Video shows 10-year-old autistic boy arrested at Florida school Judge orders evidence preserved in Hernandez prison suicide Politics Trump eyes changes to Obama's tax and Wall Street rules War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild, Blues are resigned to low-scoring series Reusse: First round shows unpredictability of NHL playoffs Twins Twins' bats revive in six-run sixth to thump Tigers Twins' Opening Day roster remains unchanged Vikings Vikings draft preview: It's not just Treadwell; depth needed at WR, TE Vikings fans concerned and 'optimistic' about 2017 schedule Celebrities Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles President Trump welcomes Sarah Palin to White House Super Bowl LII Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl in Minneapolis poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 12 minutes to die Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 1,518 views  Tags: Wal-Mart executive pay 0 SHARES Share Tweet Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, visits briefly with the media following the company’s shareholders meeting held Friday (June 3, 2016) in Fayetteville. The top boss at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. saw his pay rise almost 13% in the most recent fiscal year thanks to a cash bonus bump of 42% tied to meeting financial performance goals, according to the corporate Proxy filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission late Thursday. Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon earned total compensation of $22.352 million last year, the majority of which came in stock awards based on performance. McMillon’s total earnings rose 12.8% from $19.808 million in the prior year. His base salary totaled $1.278 million, up 1.23% from the prior year. He elected to defer $130,000 of his base salary to the deferred compensation matching plan. His stock awards totaled $15.224 million last year, up a 6.68% from fiscal 2016. The cash bonus, based on financial performance, rose to $4.851 million, up 42% in the year-over-year period. Pension contributions on his behalf totaled $510,155 and McMillon also earned $486,732 in other compensation which includes 401K matching contribution, use of corporate aircraft and contributions on his behalf to a deferred compensation plan. McMillon’s bigger bonus pay was directly related to earnings per share exceeding initial guidance last year. For his cash bonus McMillon’s payout was at 119.2% of the target. Brett Biggs, chief financial officer for Wal-Mart Stores, earned total compensation of $6.405 million last year. His total compensation was lower than the $8.615 million he earned in fiscal 2016. But last year Biggs’s base salary of $854,670 was up 37% year-over-year. He elected to defer $247,000 of his salary to the deferred compensation matching plan in fiscal 2017. His cash bonus rose to $2.026 million, compared to $924,965 in the prior year. His stock awards were significantly lower in fiscal 2017 at $3.176 million, down from $6.854 million the prior year. Biggs’ other compensation rose to $249,783, up from $119,140 in the prior year. Pension contributions made in his behalf also rose to $101,880, from $81,490 in the prior year. The company said fiscal 2017 was the first full year in his role as chief financial officer. Greg Foran, CEO of Walmart U.S., saw his total compensation rise to $11.553 million last year, up slightly from $11.544 million. His base salary of $1.006 million rose 3% from the prior year and cash bonus pay increased to $2.861 million, up 14.85% in the same period. Stock awards were valued at $6.650 million, down from $7.035 million in the prior year. Foran’s other compensation totaled $1.027 million, down slightly from the previous year. The majority of that went to his deferred contribution plan and $72,791 was for personal use of the corporate aircraft. Walmart International CEO David Cheesewright earned $12.552 million last year, up from $10.171 million the year before. His base salary of $1.71 million increased 3.8% from the prior year. Cheesewright’s cash bonus pay totaled $3.245 million, up 31% from the prior year. Unlike Foran and Biggs, Cheesewright’s stock awards increased last year to $6.501 million. His other compensation totaled $962,853, which included $225,624 for personal use of the corporate aircraft. Cheesewright chooses to collect his pay in Canadian dollars. The figures in the Proxy are based on the average exchange rates last year. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, was new to Wal-Mart last year, joining the company in early October with the $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. He earned $346,154 for the remaining five months of fiscal 2017. His cash bonus pay totaled $1.055 million. In exchange for his ownership in Jet.com, Lore received stock awards totaling $242.449 million, which pushed his total compensation up to $243.876 million. Absent the special stock grant to Lore in exchange for interest in Jet.com his direct compensation for fiscal 2017 would have been about $7.6 million, according to the filing. Fiscal year net income fell 7.2% for Wal-Mart Stores and revenue for the year rose 0.8% to $485.873 billion thanks to a more than 3% gain in Walmart U.S. sales. Despite those mixed results it was the best comp sales report for the retailer in more than four years. Full-year net income was $13.643 billion, down from $14.694 billion in the previous fiscal year. Net income in the all-important fourth quarter was $3.757 billion, down almost 18% compared to  $4.574 billion in the fourth quarter of the previous fiscal year. FCPA UPDATE Wal-Mart Stores also filed its Corporate Ethics and Compliance Report on Thursday in which McMillon gave the following statement to shareholders. We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond. We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” The report states Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance programs since 2013. The retailer did not identify how much it spent on defending itself in ongoing investigations into proposed violations of the Federal Corruption Practices Act. Since 2012 Wal-Mart has spent $837 million on FCPA matters according to the Feb. 21 earnings report. The cost of the probe into alleged violations of the Federal Corruption Practices Act equates to roughly $458,000 per day since 2012. Mike Koehler, a law professor at Southern Illinois University regarding FCPA matters, told Talk Business & Politics he believes Wal-Mart will reach a settlement in its FCPA cases this year. He said as spending on this issue has come down incrementally each year, Wal-Mart is close to winding this down. “Over the past fourteen quarters, Wal-Mart’s FCPA and compliance-related costs have been approximately $275,000, 465,000, $445,000, $396,000, $520,000, $470,000, $470,000, $516,000, $563,000, $640,000, $662,000, $855,000, $1.1 million and $1.3 million per day,” Koehler said. In the report McMillon said Wal-Mart has reshaped its ethics and compliance program over the past five years, integrating global structure to enhance transparency and accountability. “We built processes, aided by innovative technology systems, to ensure that acting in the right way is part of the company culture. And we are taking similar steps to promote integrity with our many business partners, particularly those that interact with governments for us … In light of our business’ size, we realized that technology would be essential to make our governance programs efficient and reliable. Accordingly, we’ve spent significant time and resources developing and deploying electronic systems to implement our anti-corruption policies, obtain and monitor our licenses and permits, enhance food safety, track our donations to the community, provide training to our associates, and comply with our anti-money-laundering obligations, among other functions. We are seeing strong results from these investments in people and systems. Our licensing and permitting processes provide just one example of how these improvements are helping us to effectively manage our business.” McMillon noted. He said Wal-Mart is required to apply for more than 56,000 licenses to operate its facilities outside the U.S. To meet this need, it has created licensing teams in each international market, numbering more than 300 employees in total. The company developed rules to monitor and track licenses and permits in each market, using a centralized licensing system. He said this system reduces the risk of error by organizing workflows and implementing safeguards like required approvals for paying fees. The system also provides a repository for licensing information, thereby creating transparency and enabling the company to monitor compliance with global policy and local procedures, he added. McMillon said there is board leadership actively engaged in the compliance protocol as it pertains to foreign corruption. He said the company has spent five years putting safeguards and best practices in place as well as anti-corruption training that was provided to more than 100,000 employees who interact with government officials in their jobs. Koehler has applauded Wal-Mart’s efforts to safeguard against future corruption. He said this will likely be viewed favorably by federal officials involved in the investigations. Comments comments Previous post Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) Next post U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum 'living monument' to law enforcement Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Non-profit in Rogers supports young women aging out of foster care 11 hours ago Arkansas’ jobless rate at 3.6% in March, sets another record low 12 hours ago Former surgeon general: Health equity required for a healthy nation 13 hours ago Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million 13 hours ago Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 19 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,553 views Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars 2,146 views Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,119 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 2,031 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,679 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Cities Hyderabad Walmart fined for not following norms By Express News Service  |   Published: 21st April 2017 02:16 AM  |   Last Updated: 21st April 2017 05:54 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email HYDERABAD: A team of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday inspected Walmart - India’s Best Price Modern Wholesale store at Shivarampally at Circle-VI and imposed `10,000 compounding fees for not using stamped meat from GHMC slaughter houses. A three-member team of GHMC veterinary and health officials inspected and checked the meat samples and found that meat sold in the mall was not procured from GHMC slaughter houses and there was no GHMC stamp on the meat. GHMC officials said that apart from selling local meat, they were found selling stamped meat procured from Nagpur. GHMC warned them of stringent action and directed them to procure meat from the GHMC notified slaughter houses. Responding to the inspection, Walmart informed that food safety is deep rooted and an integral part of their compliance culture. “We strive relentlessly to provide safe, quality foods in our stores and therefore we have a well-developed food safety management system for assurance. We continually work towards mitigating food safety risks, and collaborate with all stakeholders including suppliers,” they added. “We follow stringent quality standards and ensure our suppliers have valid FSSAI licenses. We have shared the needed documents,” they added. TAGS Walmart Greater Hyderabad Municipal CorporationShivarampally O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest India becoming hub of international arbitration: CJI PM Modi condemns Taliban attack in Afghanistan Man arrested with pistols, live cartridges in Delhi Two killed in Jammu and Kashmir landslide Death toll spikes to 20 in Venezuela protests Barcelona files appeal to have Neymar in 'clasico' Newly appointed UP DGP calls for strict action Delhi court to hear National Herald case Gallery Marcus Rashford steers Manchester United into Europa League semifinals The banality of evil: 15 of the rarest photos of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler arrow Videos Major Fire at Seminary Hills forest in Nagpur Former England defender Ugo Ehiogu dies after cardiac arrest arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart E-Commerce CEO Gets $244 Million in Pay After Jet Deal by Anders Melin @melinanders More stories by Anders Melin and Lisa Du @lisadont More stories by Lisa Du April 20, 2017, 4:51 PM EDT April 21, 2017, 12:22 PM EDT The bulk of his payout comes from shares tied to the merger CEO McMillon’s compensation rose 13% to $22.4 million Marc Lore. Photographer: Seth Wenig/AP Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executive Marc Lore reaped an astronomical $243.9 million in compensation last year, fueled by shares he received as part of the sale of his company to the retail giant. The package included restricted stock worth $236.3 million, which came as part of the buyout of his company, Jet.com, according to a regulatory filing Thursday. Most of those shares will vest monthly through September 2021 starting later this year. He also received about $7.55 million in salary, stock awards and perks. The compensation puts Lore well ahead of his boss, Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, and vaults him into the ranks of America’s top-paid executives. McMillon got a $22.4 million pay package, up from $19.8 million in the prior year. The retailer acquired Jet last year in an effort to bolster its online sales and tapped founder Lore to be CEO of U.S. e-commerce operations of both entities. He’s revamped Wal-Mart’s shipping policies and discounted items that customers can pick up in stores, aiming to gain an edge on Amazon.com Inc. Online purchases jumped 29 percent for the quarter ending Jan. 31, the third consecutive period of gains. Wal-Mart shares rose less than 1 percent in the most recent fiscal year, compared with an increase of more than 17 percent for the S&P 500 Index. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Lore owned 15.9 percent of Jet at the time of Wal-Mart’s buyout, giving him the right to a payout of about $477 million on the deal, according to the filing. The 45-year-old received $80 million following the close of the sale in September, and the rest will be paid out over the next five years. Wal-Mart’s board said in the filing that it doesn’t consider his restricted shares to be part of his compensation since they came as a result of the acquisition. McMillon’s pay rose 13 percent from the prior year, in part thanks to a bigger annual bonus after the company beat targets for sales and operating income. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Paul Tudor Jones Says U.S. Stocks Should ‘Terrify’ Janet Yellen Analyst Who Predicted Trump’s Ascendancy Bets on Le Pen Win Musk Nearing $1.4 Billion Windfall as Tesla Achieves Milestones Subway Shuts Hundreds of U.S. Stores Global Entry Passengers Swept Up In Trump’s Travel Ban Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor My First Foray Into "Brain Surgery" Led Me Right to This Tech Play I’m getting ready to do a “brain transplant.” At home. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW 6  −   =  1 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Message: URL: https://mney.co/2q0aJvW two  +  5  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter one response Energy What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  −  three  =  six This "superfuel" of the future could be 1,693 times more powerful than gasoline. But what is "OBL"? OBL fuel is a crystal that was discovered in the Andes Mountains. It is being hailed as the "Holy Grail" of energy. What Is OBL: The $7.2 Trillion Economic Revolution OBL is so valuable that the locals call it "Oro Blanco," which translates to "White Gold" because these crystals could be causing the next "gold" rush. The auto industry alone is set to increase demand for OBL fuel 11 times over its current production levels. Energy Breakthrough: One gallon of this new "crystal fuel" could get you from New York to L.A. and back… seven times! Read more… And the auto industry isn't the only one rushing to secure sources of OBL. Companies such as Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) are looking to independently produce the energy needed to power their offices and stores. OBL fuel is so powerful that it is becoming a large part of those corporate energy independence plans. With large corporations flocking to OBL fuel, demand is soaring, creating a huge profit opportunity… Securing Profits from OBL High demand and a scarcity of the crystals have the potential for this energy play to become larger than the fracking boom. In the last 14 months, OBL has doubled in price twice. With prices climbing that fast, it's easy to see how you can print money by securing a claim to OBL fuel. And that is exactly what a tiny little miner has done. It secured a claim in Death Valley potentially worth more than $20 billion. To make the profit opportunity even better, this miner has claims outside of Death Valley as well. With so much control over the supply, this tiny company is set to explode, giving early investors the opportunity to create generational wealth. Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors put together a short presentation that can show you how to profit from OBL fuel. Click here to find out how you can get in on the ground level of OBL. Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Energy John Jones | April 21, 2017 sounds good Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 8  ×  four  =  Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT My First Foray Into "Brain Surgery" Led Me Right to This Tech Play Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 21, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of President Trump's Tax Reform Proposal April 21, 2017 • By Casey Wilson 3 Comments The Next 3 States to Legalize Marijuana May Not Be What You Expect April 21, 2017 • By Ashley Moore 1 Comment What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Trending Posts 5502 Reads 15 Likes Top 10 Penny Stocks to Watch Now (April 2017) These 10 penny stocks to watch (April 2017) have posted big double- and triple-digit gains. Here's our weekly roundup - plus, our new small-cap recommendation... 4102 Reads 24 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 17) One of the top marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 made it in the holdings of the first ever marijuana ETF. And it's expected to climb as much as 66% in the next 12 months... Featured Report The Essential Guide to Buying Gold and Silver Gold and silver are widely considered the best "crisis insurance" for any portfolio. Buying them, though, isn't always as simple as purchasing a stock. With this guide, you'll learn everything you need to know about investing in gold and silver – the best ways to buy bars and coins, affordable alternatives to physical gold and silver ownership, reputable dealers, and more… Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -30.95 (0.15%) 20,547.76 NASDAQ -6.26 (0.11%) 5,910.52 S&P -7.15 (0.30%) 2,348.69 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Burt Reynolds Stock Market Maybe, just this once, a bell will actually ring as the market nears a top. By Kopin Tan Biography Updated April 22, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET Webster’s dictionary defines confusion as a lack of certainty and conviction, but we’re much kinder here in the stock market: Waffling between two outcomes and betting on both is not only encouraged, it’s referred to—with much approval—as hedging. Stocks’ on-again, off-again rally was on again last week, and it took the Standard &... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Amazon Can’t Kill Costco Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why the Tesla Hype Might Not Translate to Trucks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Is it Time for Whole Foods to Sell Out? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren brings populist message to Mount Holyoke College Print Email Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican By Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican masslive.com Follow on Twitter on April 21, 2017 at 10:13 PM, updated April 21, 2017 at 10:30 PM comments SOUTH HADLEY -- Progressive leader Elizabeth Warren said America can once again become a land of opportunity for ordinary people, but that it's going to take a fight. The Democratic U.S. Senator delivered her message of left-wing populism to an enthusiastic sold-out crowd at Mount Holyoke College Friday night. Warren's latest book, "This Fight is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America's Middle Class," was released earlier this week. From 1935 to 1980, America "invested in opportunity" and created a stable middle class, but in recent decades, most resources have gone to the top ten percent, she said. Since then, spending on education, infrastructure, and research have plummeted in favor of an economy that "works for the millionaires and billionaires." As for President Donald Trump, he has "delivered one gut punch after another to working families across this country." Warren told stories from her book ("Mike," a man with early-onset Alzheimer's who asked her to fight for medical research; "Gina" a Walmart worker who despairs of her economic future) and said what happens in Washington matters to real people. Warren said Alzheimer's presents "a perfect example" of the need for more research funding in the federal budget. In 2016, Americans "spent $236 billion on Alzheimer's care," but the National Institutes of Health spent only a tiny portion of that on scientists trying to understand and cure the disease. "By 2050, Alzheimer's spending alone could bankrupt Medicare," said Warren. She said Trump's budget cuts for basic medical research will end up costing more in the long run. Women's rights "are not up for grabs," Warren said. She told of attending the women's march in Boston, and witnessing a massive crowd, including "women wearing pussy hats, men pushing strollers," and a child riding on her father's shoulders with a sign saying "I fight like a girl." Warren was introduced Friday night by Mount Holyoke College acting president Sonya Stevens, who compared Warren with Frances Perkins, an alumna who served as U.S. Secretary of Labor from 1933-1945. Perkins helped craft and implement many of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's "New Deal" policies. Warren and Perkins share "something of the fighting spirit," said Stevens. Democrats, now the minority party with a Republican president and GOP majorities in the House and Senate, will need that spirit if they hope to turn things around in the 2018 mid-term elections. Kirsten Hughes, chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party, said in an email Friday that Warren's book tour won't help her prospects outside of the liberal left. "Sen. Warren's stock is sinking fast in Massachusetts, but it will take more than a book tour of liberal enclaves to reverse her rising negatives. From the typical DC tactic of asking for another term but refusing to commit to serving it out; to her vote against more funding to fight the opioid crisis, she's dug herself a deep hole. More appearances in front of friendly audiences won't solve her problems with regular voters," said Hughes. Warren said she is not launching a 2020 presidential bid, but will run to retain her Senate seat in 2018. She said she plans to do so with "optimism, hope, and fiery determination." Active Discussions Most Read Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism Bed and breakfast owners closing their doors blame Airbnb, local government US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Florida Supreme Court denies new DNA analysis in death row inmate William 'Tommy' Zeigler's case Vanishing ocean floor in the Florida Keys worsens risks from sea rise, study finds Times columnist John Romano receives ACLU award John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Top News John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants Former President George H.W. Bush to remain in hospital through weekend Frank Artiles, Miami state senator, resigns after racist, profane remarks Controversial Florida state attorney Aramis Ayala receives noose in the mail Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Lightning's Victor Hedman finalist for Norris Trophy Oh, snap! Bucs guard Ali Marpet transitions to center Jones: FSU-Bucs draft connection, coincidental or cagey? Fed Cup: Triumphant return to Saddlebrook for Shelby Rogers Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Top News Review: 'T2 Trainspotting' deftly ages a drugged-out bunch Lettuce explain why you're paying a dollar more for leafy greens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Top Opinion Editorial: Tampa Bay ferry a successful experiment Cooperation got us ready for drought Column: More conversations needed on public safety Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Editorial: Balancing neighborhood character, new housing designs Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Video: Starbucks barista goes on an epic tirade over the Unicorn Frappuccino Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Largo Walmart evacuated after reports of chemical smell inside store Times staff Tampa Bay Times Friday, April 21, 2017 3:26pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LARGO — Emergency hazardous materials crews were dispatched to a Walmart Supercenter on Friday afternoon after receiving reports of a chemical smell in the store, according to Largo Fire Rescue. The store at 990 Missouri Ave. N was evacuated. Some people inside the business initially complained of tight throats and were having trouble breathing, according to Largo Fire Rescue, but no one has been hospitalized. The order smelled like a lemon-scented cleaner. "We don't have anything that's showing on our meters as to be any environmental hazard or contaminant," said Largo deputy fire Chief David Mixson. Largo Walmart evacuated after reports of chemical smell inside store 04/21/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 21, 2017 3:27pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to main content Send a Tip Contact Donate Home About Blog Video Subscribe Search form SearchSearch MRC Business MRC Culture MRC Latino Like ... Follow Hot Topics: France North Korea Sean Spicer Georgia Special Election HuffPost Blogger Says Trump Supporters ‘Deserve to Die More Than I Do' By Randy Hall | April 21, 2017 | 4:36 PM EDT Share it Tweet it 0 shares Here’s a new item for the “Just When You Thought You’d Seen It All Department.” The left-wing Huffington Post website recently deleted a blog in which the author actually “fantasized about the deaths of Donald Trump supporters” because they “deserve to die more than I do.” Written by contributor Chris Call, the item began by stating: “So we all woke up to the news on Thursday that our chocolate cake enthusiast turned commander-in-chief dropped the ‘mother of all bombs’ on an ISIS {Islamic State of Iraq and Syria] tunnel complex in Afghanistan.” “As of now,” he continued in a post only available as an archive, “no word yet on how many innocent civilians the biggest non-nuclear bomb, which has never before been used in combat, obliterated.” Call then noted: As the world seems more and more perched on the precipice of a major military conflict, and perhaps even the dawn of this “nuclear winter” we’ve all heard so much about over the years, I find myself contemplating a few things. Will my down parka be enough for this nuclear winter, or should I buy a new pair of long johns? “But in all seriousness,” he noted, “the thought of a world in which mentally unstable dictators are hurling nuclear warheads at one another is pretty terrifying, especially if you’re a person like me, who lives in a major U.S. city. “San Francisco might not be at the top of the target list,” Call asserted, “but I’m betting it’s higher up than some s**thole town in Nebraska.” “In fact,” Call noted, “the majority of states where Trump supporters continue to wear their red “MAGA” (Make American Great Again) caps and give a solid thumbs up to the putrid dumpster fire of an administration he’s been running so far don’t contain a single town where a ‘radical Islamic terrorist’ would even stop to take a s**t in a Walmart bathroom, let alone one that a crazed North Korean leader would want to nuke into oblivion.“ “If the bombs start dropping, it’ll be on cities like New York, Los Angeles, … maybe even Miami,” he continued. “The first Americans to be vaporized or poisoned with radiation in the coming nuclear war will be the ones who tried to stop this crazy train from leaving the station.” “All those aforementioned cities are filled with people who overwhelmingly voted against giving this 70-year-old man-child who hasn’t yet mastered the art of forming complete sentences the nuclear codes,” Call stated. “I sure would feel better having a president who at least picks a lie and really commits to it.” Trump voters “also continue to overwhelmingly support this man after numerous botched attempts at following through on some of his basic campaign promises and blatant disregard or flip-flopping on others,” the contributor added. “Do I think that all Trump supporters are virulent white supremacists burning crosses on the lawns of Black folks and immigrants?” he asked. “No, of course not,” Call stated. “But if at one point I was nearly convinced to feel compassion toward people who voted against my interests, what am I to make of people who are so willfully ignorant and bigoted that they cheerfully vote against their own?” At that point, he started shooting with both barrels against “a pretty significant number of these people [who] aren’t only ignorant, they’re proud of it. They revel in it. They want you to know how much they hate immigrants and Blacks and Jews and gays and women and trans people in public bathrooms.” Call then claimed: The majority of people I know who live in New York, Los Angeles, Miami and San Francisco want to leave the world a better place than they found it. They don’t want endless wars to line the pockets of billionaires and they damn sure don’t want a nuclear winter to make our planet some post-apocalyptic nightmare. So they try to live their lives in such a way that isn’t consumed by hatred and bigotry. The writer then finally came to the point of his item: Trump supporters "are the people who deserve to have their towns annihilated. These people are who actually deserve to die in a war that they’ll line up to support. Not my ass. I have a lot to live for. They’ve already decided that they don’t.” This column is almost as bizarre as another item taken down from the Huffington Post site by Shelley Garland in which the black woman called for “redistribution of global assets to their rightful owners” or taking everything away from all white men and giving it to everybody else. Apparently, you know your opinion is too liberal when even the Huffington Post takes it down. War on Terrorism Huffington Post Dan Gainor Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Randy Hall Bio | Archive Randy Hall More from Randy Hall View the discussion thread. Like ... Follow RTP MSNBC Firmly Condemns Trump for Referring to Paris Attack as Terrorism NY Times Politicizes Pats' WH Visit With Bogus Photo Comparison Honeymoon from Hell: The Liberal Media vs. President Trump Spicer Slams Media: Dems Didn’t ‘Almost Win’ in Georgia, ‘They Lost’ Boom: Tapper Slams Obama-Loving Press, Hits the ‘Kool-Aid’ Drinkers Comments Like ... Follow Search form SearchSearch Home About Blog Video Subscribe CNSNews.com MRCTV MRC Business MRC Culture Take Action Jobs Advertise Support NewsBusters Support MRC Business Support MRC Culture Support MRC Latino Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Media Research Center The mission of the Media Research Center is to create a media culture in America where truth and liberty flourish. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible. Copyright © 2005-2017, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved. Federal employees and military personnel can donate to the Media Research Center through the Combined Federal Campaign or CFC. To donate to the MRC, use CFC #12489. Visit the CFC website for more information about giving opportunities in your workplace.
null
Advertisement Modern Healthcare Menu Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Magazine Jobs Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Opinion & Editorial Research & Data Center Education & Events Awards & Recognition Jobs Modern Healthcare The leader in healthcare business news, research & data Register |  Log in This Week's Issue • Subscribe • Advertise Modern Healthcare Providers Insurance Government Finance Technology Transformation Safety & Quality People Home  > Technology  > Pharmaceuticals  Cherokee Nation sues pharmacies, drug distributors over opioid crisis Related content W. Va. counties file suit against drug distributors over opioid crisis Access Denied: Insurers slowly removing barriers to addiction treatment McKesson finalizes $150 million settlement for failure to report suspicious opioid orders Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google Plus Buy Reprints Email this page to a colleague Cherokee Nation sues pharmacies, drug distributors over opioid crisis By Alex Kacik  |  April 21, 2017 The Cherokee Nation has accused some of the biggest companies in the pharmaceutical and industry of exacerbating the opioid epidemic, alleging they should have prevented rather than profited from the mass distribution of addictive pain pills.The lawsuit, filed in tribal court Thursday, alleges that drug distributors and pharmacies knowingly or negligently allowed vast amounts of opioids to flow into the black market for their own financial gain, crippling the Cherokee Nation both financially and emotionally. The suit alleges AmerisourceBergen Corp, Cardinal Health and McKesson Corp.—some of the largest U.S. drug distributors—regularly filed suspicious orders from pharmacies. The pharmacies, CVS Health, Walgreens and Wal-Mart, habitually ignored red flags in questionable Tags: Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Content {{title}} {{description}} {{buttonType}} Advertisement Modern Healthcare Enewsletters Sign up for free enewsletters and alerts to receive breaking news and in-depth coverage of healthcare events and trends, as they happen, right to your inbox. Subscribe Today The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases help you make informed business decisions. The weekly magazine, websites, research and databases provide a powerful and all-encompassing industry presence. We help you make informed business decisions and lead your organizations to success. Stay Connected Join the conversation with Modern Healthcare through our social media pages: About Us Contact Us Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Copyright © 1996-2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!' Aaron Hernandez 'murdered his friend Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to charge Assange Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old student he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furniture-less cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different skin tones  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine years but was put back inside when he was caught Harvard students are handed university-sponsored flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for the first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweats and slippers before going shoe shopping  United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill O'Reilly's primetime slot on Monday Navy SEAL who made a cell phone 'video of him sexually touching a young girl' is arrested for child pornography Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing three white people at random' The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how eyesight differs across many species How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals when triggered to decompose their prey I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil his reform plan for businesses and individuals next week before his 100th day in office Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Previous Next Suck on this! The moment a woman attacks a motorist with a VACUUM CLEANER in road rage fight in Georgia Kamyrah Parks was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage after she used a Dirt Devil to hit a man during a road rage fight She hit a man with the vacuum on a road in Chamblee, Georgia  The man told police she cut him and his mother off in her car several times  By Kaileen Gaul For Dailymail.com Published: 20:45 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 01:36 EDT, 22 April 2017 e-mail 13 shares 3 View comments Kamyrah Parks was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage A Georgia woman whipped a Dirt Devil vacuum out of her trunk to hit a man in a road rage fight. Kamyrah Parks of Chamblee, Georgia was charged with one count of battery and one count of criminal damage for the bizarre fight on Thursday. Parks claims she was using the Dirt Devil to defend herself against a male passenger being driven by his mother in a Range Rover. Parks and a man with the surname Davis engaged in a physical fight that was caught on video when they both pulled into the same lane at Chamblee Tucker Road, according to Fox 5 Atlanta.  Davis said his mom was driving him to work at Walmart and Parks kept cutting them off. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Kim goes nuclear: How North Korea is side-lining tanks at... Market trader, 28, 'hoping to make £3m profit from fall in... Catch a stoner! Minnesota cops set a 'trap' for marijuana... Share this article Share Davis repeatedly hit Parks' window when she pulled over. He then turned around to go back to his car which is when Parks exited her vehicle to get the Dirt Devil from her trunk. Kamyrah Parks (with red vacuum) used a Dirt Devil to hit a man in a road-rage fight Thursday She followed him to his car and whacked the Range Rover with the red vacuum multiple times. She then hit Davis with the Dirt Devil before he runs after her. The two then engaged in a physical smack-down on the side of the road. Davis appears to push Parks to the ground. Both appear to throw punches in the video shot by witness Frazer Christopher. A passerby pulled over to intervene. He wasn't able to help for long because the good Samaritan forgot to put the brakes on and his truck began to roll away.   Davis told police his mom was driving him to work at Walmart when Parks allegedly kept cutting off his car which led to the road rage fight Thursday  Read more: Police: Woman arrested after Chamblee road rage involving vacuum - Story | WAGA Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Attempted rapist runs from police moments before being arrested Crewman jumps from cargo ship to save whale tangled in net Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Hilarious footage of a screaming man experiencing labour pains Film makers expose 'major new developments' in McCann case Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police Robert Irwin and Jimmy play with baby bears on The Tonight Show Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten... Australian TV company claim to have 'major breakthrough'... Bisexual female teacher, 45, who had a four-in-a-bed orgy... EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his... 'It felt like my face was eating itself': Nightclub acid... Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of... 'I'd expect a smack if I started it - but I didn't':... 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon... Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive... Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for... Dramatic moment police chase and catch would-be rapist... American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with... 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped... Landlady, 47, who crammed FOUR bedsits into a garden shed... Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his... Is Ferne fleeing the country? Reality star 'spotted at an... Fraudster spent £100,000 of stolen taxpayers' cash on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte She is suing her for defamation 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style Wizards Of Waverly Place's David Henrie marries former beauty queen Maria Cahill with co-star and friend Selena Gomez watching on How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties My biggest fans! Chris Pratt shares a kiss with proud wife and adorable son Jack cheers him on while receiving star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame  Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes before killing himself - to his fiancée,  his young daughter... and to his gay jailhouse LOVER NFL Network reporter says Aaron Hernandez had threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes REVEALED: Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress who works for a nonprofit (and not as a stripper)... as La La 'gets primary custody of son' Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii Oscar-winner and Mad About You star loves to go surfing Who's that girl? As Gigi Hadid turns 22, FEMAIL rounds up the model's most surprising beauty moments, from a faux PIXIE CUT to unicorn make-up Simon Cowell spends $640,000 on in-house security including a panic room and baseball bat after a serial burglar raided his home  Terrifying raid Amanda Bynes looks healthy as she goes on hike with gal pal in LA after troubled times The 31-year-old actress need psychiatric treatment in 2014 'Would you ask a man that?' Blake Lively scolds reporter for asking her about her outfit at star-studded Power Of Women lunch  Won't talk fashion 'Your daddy been talking s**t all night!' Married at First Sight couple instantly connects after meeting at altar - but their dads  feud at reception SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Moves like Jagger Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  Style Swoon: From Shay Mitchell's spring trench coat to Kourtney Kardashian's figure-flattering jeans, FEMAIL rounds up the fashions that caught our attention As Emma Watson and Anne Hathaway continue to step out sporting sustainable fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven eco-friendly brands for YOU to shop She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off new cropped hairstyle after shortening her trademark locks for latest film role EXCLUSIVE: How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed as a woman and was crushed when Kim discovered his secret then refused to engage with her as Caitlyn Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve evidence so they can investigate his death independently They want his murder conviction thrown out too It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon in NYC Made stylish appearance at bash at Cipriani  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  New insight Revealed: Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, died from 'accidental drug overdose' Body found in bedroom of Philadelphia home 'It has everything you need to forget about life for six minutes!' Jimmy Kimmel spoofs Unicorn Frappuccino craze with a vile 'F***-it-ccino' creation in parody Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap Pair got very playful Anne Hathaway says she 'disliked herself intensely' while growing up and thought she'd never be happy, as she admits to an 'unhealthy' relationship with alcohol Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress in New York City Just turned 41 EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart! Tyga embraces Jenner lookalike after split Curvy brunette is a former Hooter's waitress Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born Remake of 1976 flick set for release in 2018 Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York City With Rosario Dawson Lobster salad, lamb chops and Trump's best Elvis impression: Behind scenes of 'S***kicker' evening president spent with Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin Ivanka Trump fails to raise a smile as she leaves her D.C. home after White House released details about official trip to Germany as 'First Daughter' ''I don't starve myself': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe hits back after fans claim tiny waist snaps send bad message to young girls  Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Headed to photo studio  'She's the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals he warned former Fox News boss Roger Ailes that Megyn Kelly  would betray him 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Pals with spaceman  A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish wedding of Rory McIlroy and Florida blonde Erica Stoll  George Lopez and D.L. Hughley get matching tattoos in memory of the late Charlie Murphy The 57-year-old brother of Eddie Murphy died after battling leukemia Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the American  heroes who thwarted 2015 terrorist attack on Paris train  He met them last year  Transgender director of The Matrix Lana Wachowski meets Hillary Clinton in NYC before blasting President Trump on LGBT rights  From psychologist Queen Mathilde to finanical whizz Maxima, these are Europe's CLEVEREST royals (but how does Kate measure up?) 'I've never been out on a date!': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with much older boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 'Tis the seasoned!  Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume during episode of MasterChef Junior Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 with a day at the races - and a flashback photo of her as a babe-in-arms  Intimate family portrait 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Ran through 10 songs dating 1963-2016  Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old lookalike son Robert and Jimmy Fallon play with bear cubs on The Tonight Show Crikey, mate! 'We never really talked about our mom': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate joins them in new mental health video There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Charlie Hunnam looks suave as he poses at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized' 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine 'It was internalized misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Karlie Kloss shows off her supermodel legs in a bright color-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore La La Anthony 'gets primary custody of son in temporary agreement' after split from Carmelo as woman claims she's pregnant with basketball ace's baby Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in New York City Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with 'evidence' he was being targeted by a smear campaign EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS co-workers for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' They had a lot to say about her recent trip Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album  Former Glee star looking for a big hit EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor, left notes and hanged himself Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots thanks to Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'I am glad to have moved on': Maddie Ziegler is content after leaving Dance Moms and reveals shock in being cast as main star for Sia's Chandelier Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father, 72, is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar with bottles of alcohol by his side after a 'suspected overdose' Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards in Macau... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Mariah Carey has cozy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses Was also her manager Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cozies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Been married a year 'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night She writhed on stage Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek' Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal struggles they faced after fleeing Ukraine  Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl was lying She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on late night TV talk show Pet shop where Rocky Balboa met future wife Adrian in the classic films is demolished in Philadelphia Little piece of movie history gone forever 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles The couple eloped earlier this year EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide  The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood Looking for a replacement for Scott? Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot... after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking relaity show Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The 27-year-old starlet uncovered her body 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Happily pushed his young son through Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage From centerfold to ambassador: Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is Donald Trump's top pick to represent U.S. in New Zealand She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs  Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during 4/20 Plead The Fifth on Bravo's WWHL Talking about recreational drug use She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! Rare night out together In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates He's a doting son 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares sweet with 'W' during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait dishes on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Wore long sleeves pushed up to elbows      DON'T MISS 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty flashed some thigh Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children  Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event Left little to imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles Bandits struck model and romance novel heartthrob Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Former Victoria;s Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in New York City Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Said to be due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British TV presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Today's headlines Most Read American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about... WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to... Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how... Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different... How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still... Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine... Harvard sponsored organization hands out flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over... United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill... Navy SEAL indicted for producing child pornography after cell phone video 'shows him sexually touching a... Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected... The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns... 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing... The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how... How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals... I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID... Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil tax reform plan next week Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Treasury Department says ExxonMobil can't drill in Russia as government denies request from Secretary of... Obama's big comeback: Former president will speak for the first time since exiting office on Monday in... 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the... She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles from ear to ear as she models a bright floral frock... White House says it's confident the government won't shut down next week over a spending stalemate (but its... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten suicide note for his gay jailhouse LOVER - who is now on suicide watch - and two more for his fiancée and four-year-old daughter EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers before going shoe shopping Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals that he warned Roger Ailes about Megyn Kelly and told the former Fox News CEO that his network star would betray him 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks’ which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009 Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!'  'Who let her in? She is either SICK or a fraud!' White race faker Rachel Dolezal causes outrage as she lectures black South Africans about her 'struggle' with being 'trans black' Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film then forced her 'shaken' star do a rewrite Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for strength before battling for the right to pick a girl from their remote tribe The harsh reality of life under Jim Crow: Evocative color photographs show black workers toiling in cotton plantations while white farmers lounge in town  Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve prison evidence so they can investigate his death independently - and now they're petitioning to get his murder conviction thrown out too 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word EXCLUSIVE: Plastic wrap, Krazy Glue and silicone butt stick-ons - How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed himself as a woman and was crushed when Kim caught her but chose not to engage with her as Caitlyn Dictator's paradise: The secret retreat with 200ft pool yacht, waterslides and theme park rides where Kim Jong-un parties 'like it's Ibiza' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his blood and ate his HEART in horrific witchcraft ritual  Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart San Francisco comes to a standstill as power outage hits nearly 100,000 causing traffic chaos, trapping residents in elevators and even halting the city's famous cable cars 'If you f*** me over, I'll kill you': NFL Network reporter reveals how Aaron Hernandez had once threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes The smirking prostitutes and grinning madams of Montreal: 1940s mugshots reveal the women who turned the city into a sex capital MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules What we know about former Tenn. teacher Tad Cummins' relationship with 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation(CULLEOKA, Tenn.) — After more than a month on the run amid a nationwide manhunt, former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins was found with his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, in far northern California. Cummins was arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. On Friday, the FBI took custody of Cummins under a federal warrant, which supersedes all local charges. The FBI is expected to take him back to Tennessee. Elizabeth will be reunited with her family in Tennessee Friday. Here’s what is known about the days leading up to her alleged abduction, her time spent on the run with Cummins and how authorities finally located them thousands of miles away. Jan. 23 One of Elizabeth’s schoolmates reported seeing her and Cummins kiss in his classroom at Culleoka Unit School in Culleoka, Tennessee, on Jan. 23. Both denied the claim, but the school district in Maury County decided to investigate the allegation. Jan. 30 A report from the school district dated Jan. 30 stated that neither Cummins nor Elizabeth “admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other.” Cummins said Elizabeth, a student in his forensics class, is “a really good friend” who sees him “when she needs someone to calm her down.” He said he loved his wife and would never cheat on her, the report stated. The report concluded that it “could not be confirmed” the alleged kiss happened. However, the report said Elizabeth would be removed from Cummins’ class and that “Cummins will be reprimanded in regards to his duty to uphold his professional responsibility and behavior.” Feb. 3 The school district wrote a letter to Cummins on Feb. 3, stating that Elizabeth was in the teacher’s classroom that day, which the letter said violated a previous order by the school district. Feb. 6 The school district wrote another letter to Cummins on Feb. 6, telling him he is suspended without pay immediately “pending an investigation.” An attorney for the Thomas family wrote a letter to the school district superintendent on Feb. 6, claiming that Elizabeth’s father was never alerted by the district about the alleged incident and found out about it on Jan. 31, more than a week after the kiss allegedly happened, when sheriff’s deputies called to ask him questions. The lawyer’s letter also suggested the teen was communicating with the teacher through her cellphone. “Upon inspection of her cellphone the two are also having telephone communications,” the attorney’s letter stated. March 5 Cummins, a married father and grandfather, researched “teen marriage” online, specifically the age of consent, on March 5, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 10 Cummins conducted an online search about his car “to determine if certain features could be tracked by law enforcement,” according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 13 Elizabeth urgently woke up her sister Sarah on March 13 and made her promise to call the police if she’s not home by 6 p.m. that night. Sarah later told ABC News that Elizabeth sounded “serious,” not happy. “She’s not a serious person,” Sarah said. Elizabeth was seen around 7:30 a.m. or 8 a.m. local time at a Shoney’s restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, where she is dropped off by a friend, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. She never returned home that night. Surveillance footage from a gas station near the restaurant appeared to show Cummins at about 8:30 a.m. filling up his silver Nissan Rogue. Later that same afternoon, a cellphone ping placed the pair in Decatur, Alabama, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 14 Cummins was officially fired from his teaching job at Culleoka Unit School. An Amber Alert was issued for Elizabeth. March 15 Surveillance cameras at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, captured Cummins and Elizabeth in the store on the afternoon of March 15. Investigators later obtained and released images from the surveillance footage. The footage showed the pair entering the Walmart together, where Cummins used cash to buy food. He didn’t buy “anything else of significance,” according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. In the video, Cummins has “an altered appearance to darken his hair” and indicated that “Elizabeth may currently have red hair,” according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 17 Cummins, wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, was added to Tennessee’s 10 most wanted list. March 28 Brent Cooper, the district attorney general for Giles, Lawrence, Maury and Wayne counties in Tennessee, asked members of the public to share the Amber Alert for Elizabeth with friends and family members in Mexico and Central America, adding that Mexican law enforcement had been notified and “it’s possible that’s where they are.” Cooper said Cummins “planned this in such a way that he had a 24-hour head start … easily enough time for him to make it to Mexico.” March 31 A lawyer for Cummins’ wife, Jill Cummins, said she had filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. “Jill will attempt to move forward with her life,” attorney Michael Cox said in a statement provided to ABC News. “Jill continues to pray for the safe return of Elizabeth Thomas and for a peaceful resolution to this ordeal.” April 11 Cooper told ABC News that Cummins is on medication to control his blood pressure and should need a refill. Pharmacists were asked to be on alert for customers who look like Cummins or Elizabeth. Cooper also told ABC News that Cummins left a note for his wife the morning he vanished. Cooper didn’t provide details on what was in the note, but said it appeared to have been a diversion to throw investigators off the trail. April 18 Griffin Barry, a resident in far northern California, met Cummins and Elizabeth at a gas station in a very rural area of Cecilville. Cummins told Barry, who lives on a property that includes the gas station, their names are John and Joanna and that they need money for gas, food and a place to stay. Barry paid to fuel up their car, gave them an extra $40 in cash and set them up in a nearby cabin on the same property where he resides. Barry didn’t talk much with the pair, he said, but became increasingly suspicious the more he interacts with them. “The girl wasn’t really looking at me or anything and he was always dominating the conversation. That kind of clues people in,” Barry later told ABC News’ “Good Morning America.” April 19 After realizing who Cummins and Elizabeth really were, Barry called 911 on April 19. “I had a photo of him that was the Amber Alert and I was like, that’s definitely the guy, and then we saw the car as well and it matched up. Then we called the police right after that,” Barry later told “GMA.” Around 11 p.m. local time on April 19, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation received a call to its tip line about a possible sighting of the duo, according to the bureau’s public information officer, Josh Devine. The Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department in northern California, received a similar tip, according to Devine. Investigators located a Nissan Rogue and were able to confirm through its VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The car was kept under surveillance for several hours. April 20 Authorities from the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department located Cummins and Elizabeth at a cabin in a rural area in remote Cecilville, nearly 2,500 miles from Elizabeth’s home in Tennessee. Authorities were deployed to the location around 2 a.m. local time and deputies set up a perimeter around the cabin. They elected to wait until daylight to arrest Cummins as he exited the residence, according to the sheriff’s department. Around 9:30 a.m. local time, Cummins exited the cabin and surrendered without incident. He was subsequently placed under arrest. Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin, according to the sheriff’s department. Elizabeth also exited the cabin and was safely recovered by law enforcement officers. “After we placed them into protective custody, she was laughing, she was crying. She was kind of an emotional roller coaster, as you can imagine,” Lieutenant Behr Tharsing of the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department later told “GMA.” Cummins was charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, according to Cooper. The U.S. State Attorney’s Office for the Middle District of Tennessee also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse against Cummins, according to U.S. attorney Jack Smith. The charge carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years in prison. Cummins also faces charges in California’s Siskiyou County for kidnapping and possession of stolen property, according to the sheriff’s department. The charges are pending review by Siskiyou County District Attorney Kirk Andrus. Cummins was in the custody of the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department without bond, until Friday. April 21 FBI officials arrived at the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department around 8:30 a.m. local time on April 21 with a federal warrant to take custody of Cummins, superseding all local charges in Tennessee and possible charges in California. Cummins is in the custody of the FBI and is expected to be taken back to Tennessee. Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts D.L. Hughley and George Lopez honor Charlie Murphy by getting “darkness” tattoos Posted April 21, 2017 | Entertainment|No Comments | | (L-R) George Lopez, Charlie Murphy; Getty Images, BET/Dave Kotinsky(NEW YORK) —  D.L. Hughley and George Lopez are paying their respects to the late great Charlie Murphy in a permanent way. On Thursday the two comedians showed off their new “darkness” tattoos in Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Lauren Green Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News Sports Vinton County Obituaries Opinion Community News Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News  Sports  Vinton County  Obituaries  Opinion  Community News   Local News Sports Community News Opinion Obituaries Vinton County Family Features Lifestyle Classified Ads Public Notices/Legal Ads Electronic Newsletter RSS Feeds Event Calendar Send us a News Story Links Directory Church Directory Telegram Staff About The Telegram About Our Website Newspaper Awards Advertise with Us Subscribe Online Local News  Sports  Community News  Opinion  Obituaries  Vinton County  Family Features  Lifestyle  Classified Ads  Public Notices/Legal Ads  Electronic Newsletter  RSS Feeds  Event Calendar  Send us a News Story  Links Directory  Church Directory  Telegram Staff  About The Telegram  About Our Website  Newspaper Awards  Advertise with Us  Subscribe Online   The Telegram Cyber Poll An attempt to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Health Care Act (Obamacare) was not voted on by Congress due to a lack of support. What is your position? Please select one: 1. This was a good result. I mainly support Obamacare. 2. This was not a good thing. I think Obamacare needs to be repealed and revised. 3. I feel Obamacare does not go far enough. I support universal health care coverage. 4. I don't believe the government should be involved in health insurance at all. home : local news : local news April 22, 2017 4/21/2017 4:42:00 PM OVCC request for support turned down Commissioners reject request after concerns aired PHILLIP BUFFINGTON Associate Editor Following weeks of review and discussion with the likes of Jackson City Schools Superintendent Phil Howard, Jackson School District Treasurer Rachel King, Jackson Mayor Randy Heath and Ohio Valley Conservation Coalition (OVCC) Chair Joel Wood, the Jackson County Board of Commissioners voted recently to deny the OVCC's request for a resolution of support. This request was in conjunction with a number of projects the OVCC was hoping to undertake in the county through the Ohio Public Works Commission's (OPWC) Clean Ohio project. The discussion first began during the Tuesday, April 4 commissioners meeting, when Wood and Heath were present to provide an overview for a number of projects. The application for these Clean Ohio projects for this round of funding was due April 15, and a resolution of support from the board was needed to proceed. Wood provided commissioners with a 41-page document outlining the specifics of each project, including maps of areas the conservation group was hoping to utilize in the county. The first area addressed by Wood was the Limestone Furnace remnants on CH&D Road, just north of the Cooper Hollow Wildlife area. He explained the OVCC recently acquired this property using funding through Clean Ohio, and that the group intends on turning the approximately 10-acre area over to the Jackson Historical Society. Wood said the land acquisition was finalized near the last week of March, and that this project was not one that needed the support of the commissioners. The second portion of the presentation pertained to a section of land in the City of Jackson, which he explained city officials would need to one day complete the bike path at Eddie Jones Park. Wood said the OVCC was able to obtain properties adjoining the existing bike path from Phil Bowman, and that the group has also reached a verbal agreement with Callahan Hardware owner Sam Brackman. Wood told commissioners that the prior city administration actually built a portion (approximately 350 feet) of the bike path on property not owned by the city, and part of the overall project will be to acquire that property. In all, he said the bike path project included six phases, and that this round of Clean Ohio funding would help initiate phase two, which involves taking the bike path under State Route 32. Phase six of the project, according to Heath and Wood, would be to connect the bike path to McCarty Lane, thus providing access from the middle of town to the Walmart area. The third part of the presentation involved the restoration of Buckeye Creek near Beaver Pike, in what was once referred to as the Buckeye Swamp area. Wood said the OVCC was provided with a $958,000 grant from the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to restore 4,700 feet in phase one, and 2,200 feet in phase two of the creek. This, he explained, will be to extend the creek, create more curves, and so on in order to improve water flow, deter erosion sediment transfer downstream, mitigate flooding, and to provide wetland habitats. The fourth section of the presentation dealt with the Livesay property off of State Route 93. Wood explained the OVCC recently acquired 297 acres of land (200 of which was in the designated flood zone) in the Little Salt Creek valley. Additionally, he said over 5,000 trees were recently planted on the floodplain near the Franklin Valley Golf Course driving range. In the future, Wood said the group would like to complete a flooding and creek restoration in that area as well, and perhaps turn that property over to a County Park District, should one be formed. One of the first questions asked during the Tuesday, April 4 meeting following Wood's brief presentation, was regarding access to the approximately 2,818 acres of land in the county under the OVCC's control for things like hunting. Wood explained around 47 people were provided such access last year. He further said the group does some due diligence in checking into whether or not any applicants have had any wildlife violations or issues with trespassing in the past. Those individuals, according to Wood, are not granted access. Commissioner Paul Haller then made a comment about some of the things he has been told regarding the OVCC. "I'm going to be totally honest and on the record," Haller said; "I've received complaints from farmers, the Farm Bureau and hunters about the OVCC. So, before I can sign off on this, I need to study it some more." Haller told Wood he was not necessarily taking a stance for or against the OVCC, but said he had just received a complaint within three days of the meeting. That phone call, Haller explained, was from a farmer who was concerned about the OVCC acquiring numerous properties in the county and making them tax-exempt. "That concerns me that we're losing more taxable property in the county," Haller stated. With regard to denying hunters access to the OVCC's properties, Wood said there are some of those properties that are not allowed to be hunted, as per state regulations. Further, he explained about 70 percent of the requests received for hunting access come in the first two weeks of November in a given year. "It's difficult to provide 50 people access in that timeframe," Wood said. As for acquiring farm land, Woods said that some of the land recently acquired by the OVCC group was tillable ground, but was likewise located in a flood zone. "Part of the issue with having tillable ground in the flood zone is, you lose sediment," Wood explained. He specifically pointed to an area near Little Salt Creek where Four Mile and Franklin Valley Roads split. Wood said if one were to look between the property the OVCC recently acquired and a property owned by Kyle Hickey, an eight-inch drop in soil will be found. This soil loss, he explained, is due to that ground being tilled and farmed so many times and subsequently washing away. "Eight inches of soil is a tremendous amount of sediment going downstream which ends up backing up in the city," Wood told the commissioners. "That's some of what we're trying to mitigate." Wood further said the OVCC group does make an effort to cut out any land that is viable for farming from property acquisitions. Commissioner Haller told Wood that he was definitely in favor of some of the proposed projects addressed that day, especially the bike path. However, he said, as an office holder who has received a number of complaints, he felt it pertinent to examine the issue further. One week later, during the April 11 commissioners meeting, though Wood was not present, Jackson Superintendent Howard and Treasurer King were, in order to address their concerns with the OVCC's presentation. The concerns of the school district were with regard to the OVCC's properties being tax-exempt. "Our concern is that, once this group has the status granted of being tax-exempt, that property, for all intents and purposes, is never going to generate any more revenue," Howard said. To further express his point, Howard provided the commissioners with a handout breaking down the number of properties under the control of the OVCC in each of the county's school districts. In all, he explained the OVCC has 82 parcels of land in Jackson County - 30 in the Jackson School District (JSD), 47 in the Oak Hill School District (OHSD), and five in the Wellston School District (WSD). With regard to the tax valuation lost from these now tax-exempt properties, Howard's handout shows the JSD losing $13,659.28, OHSD losing $24,029, and WSD losing $2,076.64. This equates to a total of $39,764.92. "Although I have to admit the tax revenue is considerably less than what I thought it would be, it's still money that's gone forever," Howard said. "My concern is, if this is allowed to continue, the tax base is going to shrink so much that there's not going to be enough money. Not only will the schools be hurting, but all of the stakeholders in the county. That money is going to have to be made up somewhere." Additionally, Howard said there are other conservation groups in the area as well. "If all of them are permitted to be able to acquire 80 parcels of land, you're talking about taking a huge chunk of money out of the tax base," Howard said. "Things have to change or you're not going to be able to operate the way you have in the past." Aside from this issue, Howard also said that these properties aren't necessarily being used as they should be by the OVCC group, though he did not go into any detail on this claim. In order to provide a bit of insight in Wood's absence from the April 11 meeting, Mayor Heath said he understands the concerns of Howard and others, as the very same concerns have been brought up in other counties as well. Around 2003, Heath said a district-wide committee was formed for the local OVRDC district in an effort to preserve greenspace in the state. Heath said he was one of the original members of that committee, and is the only original member left on the committee. One issue addressed by Heath was the scoring methodology used by the Ohio Natural Resources Assistance Council in awarding funding for project submissions. He said the ultimate goal is to "preserve areas of natural beauty" or with "significance to wildlife." "I think the program has some very positive points to it," Heath opined. "But, these are concerns, and this isn't the first county to express them." The previous night, on Monday April 10, members of the Jackson City Council approved a resolution of support for the OVCC with regard to these particular project proposals. As for the commissioners, Heath said the men should "do whatever you feel is right." When the time came to make a decision, Commissioner Ed Armstrong stated he was "torn," as the project had some good qualities, but also came with some negative connotations as well. "Past behavior and the acquisition of actual farm land has left a bad taste in my mouth, along with a lot of the people I represent," Armstrong stated. In the end, the OVCC's request for a resolution of support was denied by a unanimous vote of the commissioners. However, a resolution of support was unanimously approved for a separate non-profit organization - the Appalachia Ohio Alliance - for the use of Clean Ohio funds for the Cackley Swamp project. This project includes the conservation and restoration of Cackley Swamp properties in a natural state to protect water quality and habitat, according to organization representatives Steve Fleegal, Steve Goodman and Seth Franklin. In response to the vote for the OVCC's request, Wood issued a statement to The Telegram about the OVCC, which is a 501(c) 3 non-profit organization whose mission is to "conserve and restore important lands and also to promote outdoor recreation, in particular hunting and fishing." "I don't blame the county commissioners and the school district for having questions about OVCC," Wood said in the statement. "Since our founding in 2010 we have been a lot better at buying, protecting and restoring land than we have been at seeking publicity. In fact, we have been so focused on our mission of protecting and restoring land that, perhaps, we didn't fully realize how successful we had been at it." The OVCC, Wood stated, owns a total of five nature preserves in Jackson County, three of which (the Keystone Furnace Wetlands Preserve, Buckeye Swamp Preserve, and Blackfork Swamp Preserve) have all been classified by the ODNR Division of Natural Areas and Preserves as remnant Teays River Valley wetland systems and also as priority protection areas of state significance. Wood further said these three preserves contain over a dozen confirmed plant and animal species that are classified as rare, threatened or endangered. Wood goes on to address complaints about hunting on OVCC properties as well as a number of the group's accomplishments in the county over the years. He also listed an number of things the organization has acomplished since its inception including:  OVCC's grant writer being instrumental in helping the City of Jackson to get $40,590 in Ohio Public Works Commission emergency funding in 2011 to fix Water Street when a portion of it washed out during a flood.  In addition to purchasing land to expand the city's Eddie Jones Park trail, the OVCC also contributed money towards a conceptual study that will be used to help get grant money for its construction and help guide its future development.  Since the group's founding, Wood said they have spent between $200,000 and $300,000 on local contractors and local supplies for things such as surveys, habitat improvement projects, tree planting, access drive improvements and a range of other things.  OVCC employs a part-time property manager.  And the group receives and has granted hunting permit requests from multiple out of state people who have spent money at local businesses while in the area. Wood's full statement can be read in its entirety in the next edition of The Telegram. Article Comment Submission Form Please feel free to submit your comments about this story for possible publication online and/or in our print edition. Article comments are not immediately posted to theTelegramNews.com. Each submission must be approved by our Editor, who reserves the right to remove inappropriate language or content. There may be a delay of up to 72 hours for any submission while the Editor reviews and approves your comments. Note: All information on this form is required. Submit an Article Comment First Name: Required Last Name: Required Telephone: Required Email: Required Comment: Required Passcode: Required Click here to see a new mix of characters. This is an anti-SPAM device. It is not case sensitive.     Advanced Search < April > S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             The Telegram | www.theTelegramNews.com | WKOV-FM 96.7 | WCJO-FM 97.7 | WYRO-FM 98.7 | WYPC-AM 1330 THE TELEGRAM | PO Box 667 Jackson OH 45640 | phone 740.286.3023 | fax 740.286.6679 Copyright © 2017 JACKSON COUNTY BROADCASTING, INC. Privacy Notice | Web Site Visitor Policy Software © 1998-2017 1up! Software, All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Missing Juveniles The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is requesting the public’s assistance in locating two missing teens from the New Prague area.  They were last seen together at 10:58 AM on 4/15/2017 leaving the Walmart in Shakopee. The initial investigation into their disappearance has uncovered communications that suggest that they may be interested in traveling to Austin, Texas.  The children are identified as the following: Hailey Ann Delbow 16years old 5’04” 145 lbs.   Terry Dewayne Cook 17 years old 5’8” 110 lbs. They were last seen driving a silver 2007 Volkswagen Jetta, MN license plate 678DXW.   “These kids are just that – kids,” said Scott County Sheriff Luke Hennen.  “There’s little chance that they fully understand the risks and dangers of their actions.  If they need help for any reason, help can be provided, no questions asked.  But our first priority is making sure these juveniles return home safely, and we’re asking the public’s help in ensuring that happens.”   If seen, please call 911.  If you have a tip, go to the Scott County Sheriff’s Office Facebook page at: https://www.facebook.com/ScottCoSheriffOffice, and click on “Submit A Tip,” or you may submit an anonymous tip via text message by texting SCSOTIPS and your tip to 847411.  You may also leave a message at (952) 496-8755. Link to pdf file (contains photos of missing juveniles) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Organoaluminum Market to Partake Significant Development During 2015 to 2021 Search Recent Posts Missing Juveniles Organoaluminum Market to Partake Significant Development During 2015 to 2021 Husky Energy to Announce 2017 First Quarter Results / Webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders Global Furan Resins Market, 2016–2024: Industry Analysis and Forecast Report Stafford Board Approves FY18 Budget Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI 14 AI startups will compete for $1.5 million from Nvidia Dean Takahashi@deantak April 21, 2017 2:30 PM Above: Jen-Hsun Huang, CEO of Nvidia, at the Inception event. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Artificial intelligence is hot, and you can tell that because both giant companies and tiny startups are excited about it. Nvidia, which had $6.9 billion in revenues last year, is in touch with more than 2,000 AI startups around the world. And this week, the graphics chip maker and AI company took a step in figuring out which ones are the best. Jen-Hsun Huang, CEO of Nvidia, hosted a Shark Tank style event called Nvidia Inception to find the best AI startups. Huang and a panel of judges listened to pitches from 14 AI startups across three categories. They were filtered from more than 600 contestants who entered the Nvidia Inception contest, and the winners will walk away with $1.5 million in cash at a dinner on May 10 at Nvidia’s GPU Technology Conference. “We are in the beginning of one of the largest computing revolutions that we have ever been through,” said Huang, at the beginning of the event. “The AI revolution is upon us.” Above: Jeff Herbst of Nvidia. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi The judges include Gavin Baker, portfolio manager for Fidelity Investments; Tammy Kiely, global head of semiconductor investment banking at Goldman Sachs; Shu Nyatta, investor for the SoftBank Group; Thomas Laffont, senior managing director for Coatue Management; and Prashant Sharma, global chief technology officer for Microsoft Accelerator. Jeff Herbst, vice president of business development at Nvidia, said in an interview with VentureBeat that the company decided to create a meaningful award to recognize the amazing work being done by AI startups. The three awards will focus on the “hottest emerging startup,” the “most disruptive startup,” and the startup with the “most potential for social impact.” I listened to the companies give their pitches to the judges, and this story will focus on the four companies that gave pitches for the hottest emerging startup. The qualifying rule for these companies is that they cannot have raised more than $5 million yet. There will be one winner in each category that wins $375,000, and the runner-up in each category will win $125,000. (We will do other stories on the disruptive and social impact startups later.) 1. Focal Systems Above: Focal Systems’ tablet for grocery store carts. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Francois Chaubard, CEO of Focal Systems, said he went to a talk in 2015 and got all excited about self-driving cars. But afterward, he went to a grocery store with a friend and found that the shopping experience was anything but automated. So he set out to create the “operating system for brick and mortar retail.” Part of the solution is hardware. Focal attaches a generic Android tablet to a shopping card (in a way where it can’t be destroyed by kids). It has a side-mounted camera that looks at the shelves, and there are two separate cameras that see what you put in the cart. Those cameras send the data to a hub in the store, which analyzes them. Using computer vision and artificial intelligence, it figures out what you have placed in the cart, tallies the total, and displays what you are buying on the tablet as you shop. You can skip the checkout counter and wheel the cart out to your car. “We take the AI algorithms that are super cool and apply them to the in-store shopping experience,” Chaubard said. “RFID [radio frequency identification tags] promised this, but it never accomplished it.” The side camera on the tablet can take images of the aisles and discern which items are out of stock. That means that clerks no longer have to do that task. Currently, product makers often have to pay $30 per store to find out if their own items are out of stock; this could reduce that cost. Shoppers can also use the coupon finder on the tablet to get discounts on items they’re going to buy. The tablet can also handle voice-driven customer service. Chaubard said his research showed that a single Wal-Mart store employs 238 people with a labor cost of $572,000 per month. Of the cost, 24 percent covers cashiers, 22 percent customer service, 11 percent scanning, and 43 percent stocking. That means that with Focal Systems, about 57 percent of that labor cost — scanning and stocking — is “redeployable” for $326,000 a month in savings. The addressable market is about $13 billion, Chaubard said. Focal Systems is working with major product companies such as Anheuser-Busch, and it charges a monthly service fee for the retailer. It could also make money via the data it collects in the stores. Rivals include Amazon, but many product companies and retailers don’t want to work with a competitor, and Focal Systems positions itself as a neutral services provider. “Others are terrified of Amazon moving into this space, and everyone is looking for an answer,” Chaubard said. The company has 15 employees, and it has raised $2.5 million from Zetta Venture Partners and SoftTech VC. 2. Datalogue Above: Tom Delisle, CEO of Datalogue. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Tim Delisle, CEO of Datalogue, said that he heard that the best companies are formed by those who feel the pain of the customers. He said that, as a former data scientist at Merck, he knew that data scientists were feeling a lot of pain. They want to be analysts with deep insights into their data, but they are often more like data janitors, cleaning up data so that it can be in the right form for them to analyze. Datalogue uses deep learning to take that cleanup task off their hands and free them up for analysis. The New York startup is working with its customers to analyze their data and set it up in a way that it becomes useful. For instance, some sensitive data has to be anonymized before it is passed on to another party. Datalogue can take that data and do that work. “We offload the data scientist who has to spend 80 percent of time on cleaning up data,” Delisle said. Datalogue’s business is to automate data preparation. It uses AI to understand semantically what is in the data, regardless of the type of data. It can parse, slice, flag, and map the appropriate data so that a customer can get some insight. And Datalogue can also do tasks such as detecting fake phone numbers in data at a “superhuman scale,” Delisle said. Delisle said his tech can get the job done ten times faster than the competition, and ten times cheaper than manual labor. Initial “anchor” customers in each category can help pave the way for Datalogue to serve all of the customers in that category. A couple of anchor customers are paying more than $500,000 a year for Datalogue’s work. The company is working with customers such as large financial data providers. A customer purchases certain “ontologies,” or types of data they want to identify and clean. The mapping of that data allows the customer to see the data in a more transparent way and deal with issues such as privacy regulations. “Our competitive advantage is we get exposed to data that Amazon has never seen,” Delisle said. “We build solutions to automate the data cleaning processes of a much larger breadth of data.” The company has 5 employees and was founded in February 2016. It has raised $1.5 million from Flybridge, Bloomberg Beta, and Nvidia. 3. Deep Gram Above: Scott Stephenson, CEO of Deep Gram. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Scott Stephenson, CEO of Deep Gram, started on his march toward recognizing spoken words through dark matter. He has a background in particle physics, and he was searching for dark matter, a type of matter that physicists and astronomers care a lot about, deep underneath the ground near a dam in China. His team had to create a way to analyze waveforms to identify dark matter. It turns out that this skill is exactly what is needed to recognize spoken words, Stephenson said. He said that voice recognition services like Siri have an error rate as high as 50 percent in recognizing conversational words. But Deep Gram has used deep learning and its waveform recognition technology to take the accuracy for recognizing spoken words to over 80 percent, he said. “We build audio AI brains,” Stephenson said. This can be useful in places like call centers, where transcribing and analyzing calls is a part of the process of reviewing quality. Typically, only 2 percent of the calls are ever analyzed in this way. But the Deep Gram tech can analyze audio data and spot keywords, transcribe, and get insights from phone calls. It can do the same for video footage and online media. The company has 15 employees, and it has raised $1.8 million from Compound and Y Combinator. It is focused on English for now, but could expand to other languages later. 4. Athelas Above: Tanay Tandon, CEO of Athelas. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Theranos, the blood analysis company that crashed and burned in a fraud scandal, might have fared better if it had gone down the path of Athelas. While Theranos tried to perform all sorts of test on a drop of blood, Athelas has made an inexpensive machine that is focused on just one of the most common types of blood tests. Using computer vision and deep learning algorithms, Athelas has created a machine that looks at a drop of blood and identifies how many white blood cells it has, said Tanay Tandon, founder of Athelas. “Blood is the window into someone’s health,” said Tandon. “The core of what makes it possible is deep learning.” The imaging system has a patented flow test strip that can spread the drop out to a single cell layer. After it is scanned, the convolutional neural network goes to work on identifying what is in the sample. It can identify problems in a couple of minutes, and it can then tell you the results of the test much more quickly than current methods. It can detect white blood cell trends, leukemia, infections, inflammation, and other problems. Athelas is going after a $50 billion market. The machine costs about $250 to make, and Athelas sells it for about $500. It can also generate about $5 in revenue per test. That is far less expensive than standard lab tests, which typically cost $30 to $50 each. Moreover, Tandon said, about $100 billion is wasted every year in treating diseases that are diagnosed late. The company did a clinical trial with 350 patients, and it identified undetected leukemia in one patient. It is now doing about 100 tests per week with full accuracy, Tandon said. He hopes to ship about 10,000 machines by the end of the year. The company has six employees, and it has raised $3.5 million from Sequoia Capital and Y Combinator. The product has been clinically validated and is undergoing clearance from the Food and Drug Administration. Athelas (named after a healing plant in The Lord of the Rings) was formed in May 2016. Over time, Athelas could expand the testing to other kinds of liquid analysis, such as urine. The company would like to focus on selling a subscription model where there’s a monthly fee for a certain number of tests. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
News Cyber Life It's not '1984'. But we're being watched 24/7. And some of us love it Forever under the looking glass Reuters At a time when there are cameras and sensors everyone, little goes unnoticed. At a time when there are cameras and sensors everyone, little goes unnoticed. (Reuters) Andreas Weigend At 6:45 A.M., the alarm on my mobile phone wakes me up. Eager to start the day, I carry my phone to the kitchen while I scan through my email and Facebook notifications. My phone’s GPS receiver and WiFi register the changes in location, logging my shift a few meters north and east. As I pour myself a cup of coffee and really start to get going, the phone’s accelerometer tracks how quickly I walk and the barometer registers when I’m going up the stairs. Because I have Google apps installed on my phone, Google has a record of all these data. After breakfast, I’m ready to make my way to Stanford University. The electricity company has put in a “smart” meter, which registers the decrease in electricity use as I turn off my lights and unplug my mobile devices. When I open the garage door, the meter detects the usage signature specific to it. Thus, as I pull my car out onto the street, my electricity provider has enough data to know I’m no longer at home. Stanford researcher Andreas Weigend Photo courtesy of Jens Braune del Angel Stanford researcher Andreas Weigend Stanford researcher Andreas Weigend (Photo courtesy of Jens Braune del Angel) When my phone’s signal gets picked up by different cellular signal towers, so does my mobile phone carrier. On the road, a camera installed on a street corner takes a photo of my license plate in case I speed through a red light. Thankfully, I’m on my best behavior today so I won’t be greeted with a ticket in the mail. But as I go on my way, my license plate is photographed again and again. Some of those cameras belong to the local government, while some belong to private companies that are analyzing the data to identify patterns of mobility—which they sell to police departments, land developers, and other interested parties. When I get to Stanford, I use the EasyPark app on my phone to pay the parking fee. The money is automatically debited from my bank account, and the university parking team is notified that I’m paid up, so both the school and my bank can see that I’m on campus starting at 9:03 a.m. When my phone stops moving at a car’s pace, Google infers this is where I have parked and logs the location, so that I can look it up in case I forget later. It’s also time to check my Metromile insurance app, which has been recording data about my drive from the car’s on-board diagnostic system. I can see in an instant that my fuel efficiency was lower today—nineteen miles per gallon—and that I spent $2.05 on gas for my commute. After my day at Stanford, I’m planning to meet up with a new friend back in San Francisco. We “virtually” met each other when we both commented on a post by a mutual friend on Facebook, and liked each other’s take on the topic. It turned out we had more than thirty Facebook friends in common, more than enough reason to meet up. This is Andreas Weigend's new book, "Data for the People: How to Make Our Post-Privacy Economy Work Courtesy of Andreas Weigend This is Andreas Weigend's new book, "Data for the People: How to Make Our Post-Privacy Economy Work for You" This is Andreas Weigend's new book, "Data for the People: How to Make Our Post-Privacy Economy Work for You" (Courtesy of Andreas Weigend) Google Maps predicts that I’ll get to my new friend’s place at 7:12 p.m., and as usual the prediction is correct within a few minutes. As it happens, my friend lives above a store that sells tobacco products as well as various paraphernalia used for smoking marijuana. The GPS receiver on my smartphone doesn’t differentiate between the apartment and the store, however. As far as my carrier and Google are concerned, I’ve ended my day with a visit to the head shop—a fact revealed to me by the ads Google shows when I check the weather forecast before going to bed. GIVE TO GET Welcome to the social data revolution. Every day, more than a billion people create and share social data like these. Social data is information about you, such as your movements, behavior, and interests, as well as information about your relationships with other people, places, products, even ideologies. Some of these data are shared knowingly and willingly, as when you are signed in to Google Maps and type in your destination; others less so, often without much thought, part and parcel of the convenience of using the internet and mobile devices. In some cases, it is clear that sharing data is a necessary condition for receiving services: Google can’t show you the best route to take if you don’t tell it where you are and where you want to go. In other cases, you might happily contribute information, as when you “like” a friend’s Facebook post or endorse a colleague’s work on LinkedIn simply because you want to reach out and support her in some way. Social data can be highly accurate, pinpointing your location to within less than a meter, but social data are often sketchy, in the sense of being incomplete. For example, unless I sign in to an app that displays my smart meter’s readings (for instance, to be sure that I really did turn off all the lights in my house as I make my way to the airport), the electricity company knows when I am not at home, but nothing more than that. It’s a rough data point that may or may not be of much use to me. Similarly, as I was visiting my new friend in San Francisco, while my latitude and longitude were conveyed with precision, the inferences made about my activities that evening were utterly wrong. That’s even sketchier, in the sense that the data appeared quite exact but were very much an interpretation. Sketchy data have a tendency to be incomplete, error-prone, and—occasionally—polluted by fraud. Altogether—passive and active, necessary and voluntary, precise and sketchy—the amount of social data is growing exponentially. Today, the time it takes for social data to double in quantity is eighteen months. In five years, the amount of social data will have increased by about a factor of 10, or an order of magnitude, and after ten years, it will increase by about a factor of 100. In other words, the amount of data we created over the course of the entire year 2000 is now created over the course of a day. At our current growth rate, in 2020 we’ll create that amount of data in less than an hour. It’s essential to understand that “social data” isn’t merely some trendy buzzword for social media. Many social media platforms have been designed for broadcasting. In the case of Twitter, communication is almost always moving in one direction, from a celebrity, authority, or marketer to the masses. Social data is far more democratic. You may share information about yourself, your company, your accomplishments, and your opinions through Twitter or Facebook, but your digital traces are much deeper and broader than that. Your searches on Google, your purchases on Amazon, your calls on Skype, the minute-by-minute location of your mobile phone—all these and many more sources come together to produce a unique portrait of you as an individual. Further, social data doesn’t end with you. You create and share data about the strength of your relationships with family, friends, and colleagues through your communication patterns; you create data along side friends and strangers alike—for instance, when reviewing a product or tagging a photo on Instagram. You verify your identity when you set up an account on Airbnb, the platform for renting a room or house, using your Facebook profile in addition to a government-issued ID. Social data are becoming embedded in homes with smart thermostats, in cars with navigational systems, and in workplaces with team-based software. Such data are beginning to feature in our classrooms and doctors’ offices. As mobile phones get loaded up with more sensors and apps, and new devices start tracking your behavior at home, in the mall, and on the job, you’ll have less and less ability to control the data that describe your daily routine—as well as your deepest wishes. Data scientists become detectives and artists, painting iteratively clearer sketches of human behavior from our digital traces. These digital traces are examined and distilled to uncover our preferences, reveal trends, and make predictions, including about what you might buy. During my tenure as chief scientist of Amazon, I worked with Jeff Bezos to develop the company’s data strategy and customer-centric-culture. We ran a series of experiments to see if customers were happier with their purchases when they were shown editor-written versus consumer-written product reviews, and whether recommendations based on traditional demographic profiling or individual clicks were more successful. We saw the power of genuine communication over manufacturer-sponsored promotions. The personalization tools we created for Amazon fundamentally changed how people decide what to purchase and became the standard in e-commerce. Since leaving Amazon, I have taught courses on “The Social Data Revolution” to thousands of students, from undergraduates and graduate students at Stanford and the University of California–Berkeley to Chinese business students at Fudan University and China Europe International Business School in Shanghai, and Tsinghua University in Beijing. I also continue to run the Social Data Lab, a group of data scientists and thought leaders that I founded in 2011. Over the past decade, in my work with corporations ranging from Alibaba and AT&T to Walmart and UnitedHealthcare, and at major airlines, financial services firms, and dating sites, I have been an advocate for sharing the decision-making power of data with customers and users—regular people like you and me. No single person can wade through all of the data available today in an effort to make what we used to call an “informed” decision about some aspect of life. But who will have access to the tools that are necessary for leveraging data in service to our problems and needs? Will the preferences, trends, and predictions extracted from data be available to only a few powerful organizations, or will they be available for anyone to use? What price will we have to pay to secure the dividends of our social data? As we discover the value of social data, I believe we must focus not just on access but also on actions. We face some decisions many times each day, others just once in a lifetime. Indeed, the social data we create today have a long shelf life. The way we behave today may influence the choices we face in the decades to come. Few people have the ability to observe everything they do, or to analyze how their behavior might affect them, in the short or long term. Social data analysis will allow us to better identify the possibilities and probabilities, but the final choice must be deliberate. One thing these technologies cannot do is decide what sort of future we want—as individuals or a society. The laws in place that protect individuals in many countries from discrimination in the workplace or health care may not exist tomorrow—and in some countries, they do not exist even today. Imagine that you opt to share that you’re worried about having high cholesterol with a health app or site in order to get advice about diet and exercise regimens. Could your worries be used against you in some way? What if the law made it permissible to charge you a higher rate for medical care if you refused to stop eating deep-fried food and slouching on the couch after you’ve been presented with a menu of your health risks and recommendations for healthier choices? What if a manager used a service to crawl the web for information about you, and then, based on what he learned, decided that your lifestyle isn’t a good match for a job at his company and he won’t consider your application? These are real risks. If the sole person creating and sharing data about you was yourself, you might be able to withhold information that you thought might be risky. It would cost you a lot of convenience, but it could be possible. However, we do not live in such a world. You have no control over much of the data about you. This fact will become more palpable as social data are utilized by businesses and governments to improve effectiveness and efficiency. Because social data are so democratic, the questions about how best to handle it touch each and every one of us. Technology is moving fast, and the companies that collect and analyze our data are primarily in the business of creating and coding information, not creating and codifying principles. Many of those questions are being considered on an ad hoc basis, if they’re being considered at all. We should not leave decisions about principles that will deeply influence our future in the hands of the data companies. We can agree to have all of these data collected, combined, aggregated, and analyzed so that we are in a better position to understand the tradeoffs in decision-making. Human judgment is crucial to evaluating the trade-offs intrinsic to any important decision. Our lives should not be driven by data. They should be empowered by data. PRINCIPLES FOR THE POST-PRIVACY AGE As we’ve come to appreciate the increasing role of data in life, there have been several efforts to safeguard citizens’ interests. In the 1970s, the United States and Europe adopted broadly similar principles for the fair use of information. Individuals were told they had a right to know who collected what data about them, and how these data were being used.They could also correct data about themselves that were inaccurate. These protections are perversely both too strong and too weak for the world of new data sources and analytics that is being built today. They’re too strong because they assume it’s possible to keep tabs on all the data collected about you. Amazon might be able to explain in accessible terms exactly how the data the company collects about you are used. It might even be able to do so in a way that helps you make better decisions. But reviewing all this information would require investing a lot of time. How many of us would take the time to trawl through all the relevant data? Would it be useful to you to see how Amazon weighs each data point, or would you prefer to get a summary? At the same time, these protections are too weak, because even if you could check every bit of data you have created and shared about yourself, you will not get a full picture of the data about you, which includes data created and shared by others, such as your family, friends, colleagues, and employers. The businesses you visit online, as well as most of those you visit in the physical world, also create (and sometimes share) data. That goes for strangers on the street and a number of other organizations, public and private, with which you interact. Who decides whether these data are accurate or inaccurate? Because data today come from so many perspectives, having the right to correct data about yourself doesn’t reach nearly far enough. Finally, even accurate data can be used against you.With the massive quantitative and qualitative shifts in data creation, communication, and processing, the right to know and the right to correct are clearly insufficient. Thus far, the attempts to update these guidelines have focused almost entirely on maintaining individual control and privacy. Unfortunately, this approach is borne out of ideals and experiences that are technologically a century out of date. Standards of control and privacy also force individuals to enter an unfair contract with data companies. If you want your decision-making to be improved by data, you usually have to agree to having your data collected on the data collector’s terms. Once you’ve done that, the data company has satisfied the legal requirement to give you individual “control,” regardless of how much choice you really had or the effects on your privacy. I f you want to maintain personal privacy, you can instead withhold your consent to data collection and forfeit your access to relevant data products and services, reducing the value you get from your data. Enjoy your individual control then. Today, what we need are standards that allow us to assess the risks and rewards of sharing and combining data, and provide a means for holding companies accountable. After two decades working with data companies, I believe the principles of transparency and agency hold the most promise for protecting us from the misuse of social data while increasing the value that we are able to reap from them. Transparency encompasses the right of individuals to know about their data: what it is, where it goes, and how it contributes to the result the user gets. Is the company observing you from the “dark” side of a one way mirror, or does it also give you a window with a view to what it does with your data, so that you can judge whether (and when) the company’s interests are aligned with your own? How much data about yourself do you have to share to receive a data product or service that you want? Historically, there has been a strong information asymmetry between institutions and individuals, with institutions having the advantage. Not only do institutions have more capacity to collect data about you, they can interpret your data in comparison to others’ data. The balance between what you give and what you get needs to be clear to you. Consider how transparency is designed into the shopping experience at Amazon compared to the traditional relationship between customers and retailers. When you are about to buy an item, should a retailer remind you that you already bought it, potentially losing a sale in the process? At Amazon, if you try to buy a book you’ve already bought from the site, you’re greeted with the query “Are you sure? You bought this item already, on December 17, 2013.” If you buy a track from an album of music and then decide to buy the rest of it, Amazon will “complete the purchase,” automatically deducting the amount you have already spent on the track from the current price for the album. Amazon surfaces and uses data about your purchasing history in these ways because the company wants to minimize customer regret. Likewise, many airline frequent flyer programs now send you a reminder that your miles are about to expire rather than letting them quietly disappear from the company’s books. Unfortunately, transparency is far from the norm. Consider the far-too-typical experience of calling your favorite customer service center. At the start of the call, you’ll inevitably receive the warning: “This call maybe recorded for quality assurance purposes.” You’ve got no choice: you must accept the company’s conditions if you want to talk to a representative. Okay, but why is that recording accessible only to the business? What, really, does “quality assurance purposes” mean when only one side of the conversation is assured access to the record of what was agreed? The principle of data symmetry would also give you, the paying customer, access to the recording. Whenever I hear that my call might be recorded, I announce to the customer service rep that I might also record the call for quality assurance purposes. Most of the time, the rep plays along. Occasionally, however, the rep hangs up. Of course, I could record the call without asking for the rep’s permission—which, I should note, is against the law in some places. Then, if I don’t get the service I was promised, I could appeal to a manager with my evidence in hand. If that still didn’t work, I could upload the audio file in the hopes that it might go viral and the company feels pressured to fix things quickly—as Comcast did when a customer tried to cancel services but was rebuffed again and again, finally succeeding after his recording started trending on Twitter. You shouldn’t have to break the law to level the playing field in this way. To make transparency the new default, you need more information to be public, not less. But transparency isn’t enough; you also need agency. Agency encompasses the right of individuals to act upon their data. How easy is it for you to identify the data company’s “default” settings, and are you allowed to alter them for whatever reason you like? Are you able to act upon the data company’s outputs in any way you choose, or are you gently nudged (or forcefully pushed!) toward only some options—mostly the options that are best for the company? Can you play with the parameters and explore different scenarios to show a smaller or bigger range of possibilities? Agency is an individual’s power to make free choices based on the preferences and patterns detected by data companies. This includes the ability to ask data companies to provide information to you on your own terms. On a fundamental level, agency involves giving people the ability to create data that are useful to them. Amazon whole heartedly embraced uncensored customer reviews. It didn’t matter to the company if the reviews were good or bad, five stars or one, written out of a desire to gain approval from others or to achieve a lifelong dream of becoming a book critic. What mattered was their relevance to other customers who were trying to figure out what to purchase. Reviews revealed whether a customer regretted a purchase even though she did not return the item for a refund. These data helped customers decide if a recommended product was the best choice for them. Amazon gave customers more agency. Many marketers talk about targeting, segmentation, and conversion. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to be targeted, segmented, or sliced and diced. These aren’t expressions of agency. We can’t assume that the leaders of every company will, on their own, embrace the principles of transparency and agency. We must also go beyond these principles: we need delineated rights that help to spell out how to translate transparency and agency into tangible, hands-on tools. If we can get data companies to agree to a set of meaningful rights and tools, it will lead to what I call “sign flips”—reversals in the traditional relationships between individuals and institutions. Amazon’s decision to let customers write most of the content about products is a sign flip, and the social data revolution will provide many more similar opportunities. As individuals gain more tools to help them make better decisions for themselves, old-fashioned marketing and manipulation are becoming less effective. Gone is the day when a company could tell a powerless customer what to buy. Soon, you will get to tell the company what to make for you. In some places, you already can. Sign flips are an important element in how physicists see the world. They are often associated with phase transitions, where a change in an external condition results in an abrupt alteration in the properties of matter—water changing from a liquid into a gas when it is heated to the boiling point. The effect on society of the increasing amount of data can be compared to the increasing amount of heat on a physical system. Under certain conditions—when data companies provide transparency and agency for users—a sign flip will take place that favors the individual over the institution; that is, it will benefit you, not the company, or the company’s chief marketing officer. We the people all have a stake in the social data revolution. And if you want to benefit from social data, you must share information about yourself. Period. The value you reap from socializing data often comes in the form of better decision-making ability, when negotiating deals, buying products and services, getting a loan, finding a job, obtaining education and health care, and improving your community. The price you pay and the risks you take in sharing data must at least be offset by the benefits you receive. Transparency about what data companies are learning and doing is essential. So, too, is your ability to have some control over data products and services. Otherwise, how could you possibly judge what you give against what you get? BALANCING THE POWER Information is at the center of power. Those who have more information than others almost always stand to benefit, like the proverbial used-car salesman who pushes a lemon on an unwitting customer. As communication and processing have become cheap and ubiquitous, there’s a lot more data—and a lot more risk of substantial information imbalances, since no individual can get a handle on all the data out there. Much of the data being created and shared is about our personal lives: where we live, where we work, where we go; who we love, who we don’t, and who we spend our time with; what we ate for lunch, how much we exercise, and which medicines we take; what appliances we use in our homes and which issues animate our emotions. Our lives are transparent to the data companies, which collect and analyze our data, sometimes engaging in data trafficking and too often holding data hostage for use solely on their terms. We need to have some say in how our data are changed, bartered, and sold, and set more of the terms on the use of our data. Both sides—data creator and data company—must have transparency and agency. This will require a fundamental shift in how we think about our data and ourselves. Excerpted from “Data for the People: How to Make Our Post-Privacy Economy Work for You” by Andreas Weigend. Copyright 2017. Available from Basic Books, an imprint of Perseus Books, a division of PBG Publishing LLC, a subsidiary of Hachette Book Group. Caption Senate overturns privacy rules for Internet providers Democrats worry that Internet service providers are assembling dossiers on their customers without their consent. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Democrats worry that Internet service providers are assembling dossiers on their customers without their consent. (March 22, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Yahoo warns users of malicious activity Yahoo declined to say how many people may have been affected. (Feb. 15, 2017) Yahoo declined to say how many people may have been affected. (Feb. 15, 2017)   Twitter: @grobbins gary.robbins@sduniontribune.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 66°
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Calgary Sun Saturday April 22 2017 Home News In News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Auto Show Flyers This week As Advertised New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Auto Show Flyers This week Shaw Golf Classic Snow Scene Spruce Meadows Must Reads Contests Newsstand Homes Contact Us E-edition Home Recession, renovations, and cage-free eggs: A conversation with Calgary Co-op CEO Ken Keelor By Amanda Stephenson First posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 01:45 PM MDT Ken Keelor has been named CEO of Calgary Co-operative Association effective Nov. 3. HANDOUT PHOTO Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error It has been a difficult couple of years for grocery retailers in Calgary, who have been hit by the double whammy of a tough economy and increased pressure from discount competitors. However, at its recent AGM, Calgary Co-op — which is planning major redevelopments of its Oakridge, Dalhousie, Brentwood, and North Hill locations — reported 2016 sales of $1.18 billion, a decrease from a record $1.24 billion in 2014 but still on par with sales results in 2015 and 2013. The chain also reported the return of $31 million in membership refunds. The following is an excerpt from Calgary Co-op CEO Ken Keelor's conversation with Postmedia's Amanda Stephenson, in which he spoke about what it takes to keep a locally run grocery chain thriving during a recession. (Interview has been condensed and edited for length and clarity). Q: How has Calgary Co-op fared through this past year of economic downturn? I see the total amount of membership refunds has remained relatively consistent over the last few years, despite what is happening with the economy. A: "If you look at what's happened to Alberta since 2015, it has definitely affected us. We've had to deal with less visits in retail stores, those visitors are more cautious with what they put in their basket, they look at our flyers a lot more . . . And you can well imagine, that impacts not just our sales, but how much money we put in the bank at the end of the day. You also have to look at all the things that have happened beyond the economy — things like the minimum wage increase, rising property taxes, the carbon tax. All of these things impact the customer, and they impact the retailer. Those are definitely things that affect all retailers, not just Calgary Co-op. " Q: So how has Calgary Co-op managed to stay competitive? You don't have a reputation for being the cheapest option in town. A: "Here's the thing — we're not going to lead this market on price. That hill in the consumer's mind is already owned by Walmart and Costco. . . . But those retailers also come with crowds, dirty floors, out-of-stock merchandise, no service or poor service, etc., etc. So what we want to do is make sure we include in our offering other things that they don't have. We're a very competitive price for all the bundle of things we give you — everything from a clean store, to the staff, to the quality of product we have, to how we carry your groceries out for you . . . combined with our member rebate program and the coupons you get at our gas bars. We realized that in a tough economy, we need to be talking about these things more. It's worked very well for us. . . We've learned we have license from our customers to differentiate ourselves." Q: Where are you at with your ongoing redevelopment program? I know you've been working to modernize many of your older stores and you've got a few big projects in the works. A: "There are four or five stores we have that are older that we have targeted for redevelopment, including Brentwood, Oakridge, Dalhousie and North Hill. It's going to be a multi-year process and we're working closely with the City of Calgary on all of those sites. They'll involve multi-level buildings, they'll involve mixed use housing on there, they'll involve a store that's much more modern. We've got to think through everything from environmentally friendly lighting to gardens on the roof. Oakridge will probably be first, because clearly the community's ready. We've done a lot of work on it. In Brentwood and Dalhousie, those drawings are already with the city, but we have to work through some things to make sure everybody's happy . . . What we're trying to do is build something we can afford, that is also great. We don't want to spend the members' money on something that, at the end of the day, cannot pay for the cost of building it." Q: At your recent AGM, there were a few concerns raised that Calgary Co-op doesn't listen enough to its grassroots members. We saw, for example, someone who was upset that a 2013 vote by members to move to solely cage-free pork and eggs has not been adopted by management. How does Calgary Co-op balance its cooperative roots with the need to also run a competitive, modern business? A: "We talk about having a financial lens and a Co-op lens, and whenever we look at something we look through both lenses. It's very hard, by the way. . . Just because you're a co-operative doesn't mean you can take your prices through the roof and expect people to still shop with you. It doesn't mean you can ask your suppliers for a massive discount just because you're a co-operative. So we're offering options, but we can't offer every single option for every single member or we wouldn't be financially viable. But I do want to hear what members are saying. Every email a member sends in by way of feedback comes across my email. So I get about 400 emails a day. I have members saying, 'can you please put a bench in my store, because I need somewhere to sit.' And we'll say, 'yeah, let's find a place to put in a bench, because we respect you.' We don't just say, 'yeah, too bad, tough. Bring your own chair.' . . . So we do listen to our customers, we listen to our members."   astephenson@postmedia.com Twitter.com/AmandaMsteph  As Advertised in the Calgary SUN Recession, renovations, and cage-free eggs: A conversation with Calgary Co-op CEO Ken Keelor By Amanda Stephenson First posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 01:45 PM MDT It has been a difficult couple of years for grocery retailers in Calgary, who have been hit by the double whammy of a tough economy and increased pressure from discount competitors. However, at its recent AGM, Calgary Co-op — which is planning major redevelopments of its Oakridge, Dalhousie, Brentwood, and North Hill locations — reported 2016 sales of $1.18 billion, a decrease from a record $1.24 billion in 2014 but still on par with sales results in 2015 and 2013. The chain also reported the return of $31 million in membership refunds. The following is an excerpt from Calgary Co-op CEO Ken Keelor's conversation with Postmedia's Amanda Stephenson, in which he spoke about what it takes to keep a locally run grocery chain thriving during a recession. (Interview has been condensed and edited for length and clarity). Q: How has Calgary Co-op fared through this past year of economic downturn? I see the total amount of membership refunds has remained relative Top stories Popular Latest Videos Calgary city councillors hire pollster to see if Calgarians want taxpayer dough spent on a new arena for the Flames Calgarians get first glimpse at arena plan B proposed for parking lots north of Stampede Park Police investigate toddler death at 155 Avenue and Castle Downs Road Dairy farmers return fire at Trump for swipe at Canadian dairy industry Banff woman stares down grizzly Police investigate toddler death at 155 Avenue and Castle Downs Road U of A researchers receive $3.8 million to study ways to cut agricultural greenhouse gas emissions Calgarians get first glimpse at arena plan B proposed for parking lots north of Stampede Park Early playoff exit still "pretty raw" for Flames GM Treliving Calgary city councillors hire pollster to see if Calgarians want taxpayer dough spent on a new arena for the Flames Fatal Accident on 17th ave SE Caretaker abuse caught on camera Sunshine Girl Karen Former boxing heavyweight supports anti-bullying campaign Teacher charged with sex offences More from Home Police investigate toddler death at 155 Avenue and Castle Downs Road U of A researchers receive $3.8 million to study ways to cut agricultural greenhouse gas emissions Calgarians get first glimpse at arena plan B proposed for parking lots north of Stampede Park Early playoff exit still "pretty raw" for Flames GM Treliving Calgary city councillors hire pollster to see if Calgarians want taxpayer dough spent on a new arena for the Flames Inside Calgary sun.com News Toddler's death deemed suspicious News Researchers receive $3.8 million Sports Unearthing the stats behind line chemistry News First look at arena plan B News Shareholders punish TransAlta CEO's pay Sports What's Lowry saying exactly? News Man allegedly impregnated girl, aborted her baby News Last adventure ahead for NASA’s Cassini Entertainment 'Corner Gas' reinvented as a cartoon News More charges filed in genital mutilation probe Sports Flames' Monahan to undergo surgery News Woman good at lying: Lawyer in rape trial Home Mobile version News Alberta Calgary Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Golf Tips Spruce Meadows myFlames Hitmen Roughnecks Stampeders Hockey Football Baseball Soccer Curling Golf Tennis Motorsports MMA Lacrosse Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Dine Out Fashion Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Mike Drew Adventures with Renato Snow Scene Sunshine Girl Auto Show Flyers This week As Advertised New Homes & Condos Weather Golf E-edition Contests Newsstand Lottery results Subscribe Manage my account Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Calgary Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Subscribe Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Subscribe Native News iStock Oxycodone is the generic name for a range of opoid pain killing tablets. Cherokee Nation Sues Walmart, Drug Companies Over Opioids ‘We have a world class team dedicated to addressing the scourge of opioids on our people,’ Cherokee Nation AG Suzette Brewer • April 21, 2017 Declaring an “opioid epidemic of unprecedented proportions” in Indian country, the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma on Thursday, April 20 filed suit against CVS, Walmart and others alleging that the defendants knowingly created the conditions that amount to little more than legalized drug trafficking to citizens within its jurisdiction. By ignoring red flags and refusing to monitor the supply chain, contributing to what is known as “drug diversion,” the suit alleges that the effects of opioid addiction has had a devastating human toll on the tribe’s citizens and crushing impact on its resources. “For years, we have experienced first-hand the effects of opioid addiction in our nation,” said Cherokee Nation attorney general Todd Hembree. “We’ve had deaths, children have been born addicted, it has impacted our Indian Child welfare because of broken homes, it’s an expense to our courts, to our health services, to our schools, our law enforcement. We get to see all of it up close―and it’s truly devastating and heartbreaking the damage it has caused to our citizens.” Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Citing the fulfillment of suspicious orders and approving high-volume prescriptions that clearly require monitoring and further investigation before dispensing pills, the Cherokee Nation outlines in stark language the effects and outcomes of drugs that easily make their way into the hands of addicts and drug dealers from which all of the defendants have profited in the billions. On the other side of the equation, says Hembree, lies the enormous costs and human tragedy that continue to pile up. “They marketed these drugs and made them easily available to our people and they have made huge profits,” says Hembree. “They know this and they pay tens of millions in fines to the FDA―which are nothing more than parking tickets for them―and they keep going. We can’t put them in jail, but we can hit them where it hurts the most, which is their wallet.” The first of its kind, the suit was filed in the District Court of the Cherokee Nation, and also includes Cardinal Health Inc., McKesson Corporation and AmerisourceBergen. The tribe is seeking injunctive relief, compensatory damages, statutory damages, punitive damages and “any other relief allowed by the law.” According to Hembree, efforts to bring suit in tribal court began several years ago after the state of Oklahoma either could not―or would not―address the issue in its court system. In an unprecedented effort across its government, the Cherokee Nation began gathering research and working with its health system, law enforcement, Indian child welfare and its courts to identify the problem, as well as the economic consequences of opioid addiction and trafficking. The Cherokee Nation also retained powerhouse law firms, including Washington, D.C.-based Sonosky Chambers and Boyce Schiller in Miami, Florida, to send a clear message that it intends to dig in for the duration, says Hembree. “We’re breaking new ground here and we know that jurisdiction is going to be an issue, however, we’re in this for the long haul,” says Hembree. “The Cherokee Nation has a legal system on par with any other court in the country and we have a world class team dedicated to addressing the scourge of opioids on our people. We look forward to showing the world just how sophisticated our court system is.” At press time, only CVS had publicly responded to the litigation. “CVS Health is committed to the highest standards of ethics and business practices, including complying with all federal and state laws governing the dispensing of controlled substance prescriptions, and is dedicated to reducing prescription drug abuse and diversion.” Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Related Articles HDIMT? Alvina Begay Represents in Boston Marathon; Ah-Tah-Thi-Ki Time in Seminole Country Liquor Licenses Denied for Whiteclay Beer Stores Near Pine Ridge Reservation National Indian Gaming Association Honors Rights Warriors NIGA 2017 – ‘Getting Back to Business’ The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, April 16, 2017 Comments are closed. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Native Resorts, Spas and Casinos that Support and Reflect the Spirit of their Communities Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Total: 743 738 5 0 0 0 0 743 Share Tweet +1 Pin LinkedIn Digg Del StumbleUpon Tumblr VKontakte Print Email Flattr Reddit Share Love Weibo Pocket Xing Odnoklassniki ManageWP.org WhatsApp Meneame Blogger Amazon Yahoo Mail Gmail AOL Newsvine HackerNews Evernote MySpace Mail.ru Viadeo Line Flipboard Comments Yummly SMS Viber Telegram Subscribe Skype Facebook Messenger Kakao LiveJournal x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient emailYour message Hi, I thought you might find this interesting: Cherokee Nation Sues Walmart, Drug Companies Over Opioids URL: https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/cherokee-nation-sues-walmart-drug-companies-opioid/ SendCancel
51° Altoona Broken Clouds Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News Opioid Epidemic National News Healthcast Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Pet Patrol Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Concussion Awareness Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing Community Local Events Penn State Health Web Chats Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Contests Go with Joe Obituaries Shredding YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Hooked on Science Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News Opioid Epidemic National News Healthcast Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Pet Patrol Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Concussion Awareness Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing Community Local Events Penn State Health Web Chats Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Contests Go with Joe Obituaries Shredding YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Hooked on Science Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sports Central PA Live Contests Central PA Pros Pope Francis: A Journey of Family Faith and the Future Halloween 2015 Central PA Live Dubs Login Search Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Tad Cummins slipped into remote Calif. community By: JASON HANNA Posted: Apr 21, 2017 03:08 PM EDT Updated: Apr 21, 2017 05:56 PM EDT Missing teen found: Man who helped Related content Timeline: Tennessee missing teen Missing Tennessee student: From kissing allegation to 5-week manhunt What we still don't know about the... CECILVILLE, California (CNN) - Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized, and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who'd just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested -- and the girl was found safe -- Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday, Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Elizabeth was reunited with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. "She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child," family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. "There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning." A suspicious couple Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin -- a one room structure that was in the process of being built, sources told CNN's Sara Sidner. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday, a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, Barry told CNN affiliate KRCR. "He was like, 'We're from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything," Barry told CNN. "He's like, 'This is my last $10." Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins' vehicle. The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn't get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work -- moving rocks to build a wall on the property -- and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins' companion spoke few words for herself. 'That's the guy' As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday night, the other person found Cummins' picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. "I said, 'That's the guy,'" Barry said. He called police Wednesday night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers' instructions Thursday morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Whatley. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to "clear his head." He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. 'Our goal is to seclude (her) with her family' Whatley, the attorney for the girl's family, said her immediate future wasn't clear. "Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family," Whatley said. "We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. "We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them." Gilley described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." Estranged wife speaks out Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Don't Miss Latest News Local National Blue-White Weekend 2017 Night of Mystery & Magic Big Time Wrestling 27th Annual Spring Plow Days A Look to the Future: ASO Benefit Concert Local News National News Army Corp puts resort project on hold Red Flash receive NEC Championship rings Lions see lots of retention from 2016 Teens charged in Gatlinburg wildfires Teacher sketches Syria's civil war House holds moment of silence for Oakland fire victims Stay Connected WTAJ on Facebook WTAJ Weather on Facebook WTAJ News on Twitter WTAJ News iPhone App WTAJ Weather iPhone App WTAJ News Android App WTAJ Weather Android App UP NEXT 'We're not going to be silent': Why scientists are marching this weekend Meet the Team Alerts TV Schedule Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads WTAJ EEO Report WTAJ FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification © 1998 - 2016 WeAreCentralPA.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Site Relevance Date Search
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag Tennessee Teacher Faces Charges of Kidnapping After Being Caught in California with 15-Year-Old Student Madeleine DaviesYesterday 4:28pm Filed to: kidnapping tad cummins crime tennessee 180 8 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image via CNN. Tad Cummins, a 50-year-old high school teacher in Culleoka, Tennessee, has been caught in the mountains of California after allegedly kidnapping his 15-year-old student. Advertisement Cummins and the teenager, Elizabeth Thomas, have been missing since March 13 when the pair fled Culleoka (they were facing an investigation into their supposed sexual relationship after a fellow student claimed they saw them kissing in an empty classroom). Allegedly, Cummins—who is already married, though is now estranged from his wife—had been researching teen marriage on the internet and had exchanged inappropriate emails with Thomas. Cummins and Thomas were seen on security footage at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15, but had not been spotted since, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. It wasn’t until over a month later that a cabin caretaker in Cecilville, California, reported to the TBI tip line that two people he suspected to be Cummins and Thomas had checked into his property. According to the tipster, Cummins told him that he and Thomas were newly married and lied about their ages, saying he was 44 and she was 22. The caretaker reports that Thomas would not get out of the car and would only communicate by whispering in Cummins’ ear. Advertisement With the caretaker’s assistance, the TBI successfully arrested Cummins. According to CNN: ...The caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O’Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. Thomas is in federal custody and could possibly be returned to her family in Tennessee on Friday. Sponsored Upon his arrest, Cummin told police, “I’m glad this is over.” He now faces federal and state charges, including one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse and state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. However, Tennessee allows minors 13 and older to willingly leave their families, so the state must first prove that Thomas was “unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted” when Cummins took her from her home. Advertisement An attorney for Thomas’s family told reporters that “there aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced” by her parents now that she has been found physically unharmed. Madeleine Davies madeleine@jezebel.com @madeleine_rae Senior Writer, Jezebel Reply180 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Jezebel The Comments on Jillian Harris' Blog Post About 'Boss Moms' Are a Wild, Emotional Ride Yesterday 3:15pm Jezebel Wow, Did Henry Kissinger Just Shade the Hell Out of Jared Kushner?  Yesterday 5:10pm The Slot · Emily Lever Marine Le Pen Wants to Make Life Worse For Women Yesterday 1:40pm Recent from Madeleine Davies 3 37 25.8K Jezebel · Madeleine Davies How Real Is The Rock’s Feud with His Fate of the Furious Co-Star Vin Diesel? A Superfan Explores Wednesday 2:00pm 4 170 23.6K Jezebel · Madeleine Davies Part 3 of the Vanderpump Rules Reunion Was a Scheana/Shay Showdown Tuesday 3:30pm 18 231 50.4K Jezebel · Madeleine Davies Harry Styles Is Hot and Good Monday 3:05pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Subscribe Now! 45°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Community Notes Published: Friday, April 21, 2017 3:36 p.m. CDT Believe Foundation fundraiser PRINCETON — Believe ... in the Roaring Twenties, a fundraiser to support the Believe Foundation, will be from 6 to 11 p.m. Saturday, April 29, in the Princeton Art District, 1001 N. Main St., Princeton. The event will include dinner, whiskey tasting, wine/craft beer tasting, make “believe” gambling, swing band/dancing, best costume award, a photo booth and a chocolate tasting. Pre-sale tickets are $30, at door tickets are $40 and dinner tickets are $10. Tickets are available at Sophisticuts and Beetz Me. The Believe Foundation is a local foundation that provides local cancer patients with wigs and other medical needs free of charge. Softball team plans fundraiser SPRING VALLEY — Spring Valley girls softball will have a fundraiser from 5 to 8 p.m. Monday, April 24, at Rip’s in Ladd. Tickets are $8 per person and can also be purchased at the door. Dine-in and carry-out will be available. The price of the ticket includes one-quarter chicken or chicken strips and french fries. There will also be a 50/50, a chance to win a 55-inch smart TV on tip board, various items to be raffled, along with baked goods. All prizes were donated by local merchants and Wal-Mart Distribution Center. Wind Ensemble will present concert OGLESBY — The Illinois Valley Community College Wind Ensemble will present a free concert at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, May 4, in the Cultural Centre. The concert will include the music of Aaron Copland, Arturo Marquez, Gordon Jacob, Edwin Franko Goldman and W. Paris Chambers. Directed by instructor Gene Montgomery, the ensemble includes IVCC students, local and regional music educators, and community members dedicated to the promotion of quality wind and percussion music. Cinco de Mayo event planned PRINCETON — The Princeton Rotary Club will host a Cinco de Mayo event from 6 to 8 p.m. Friday, May 5, at the Bureau County Metro Center in Princeton to raise funds for a college scholarship for a deserving Princeton High School student. The event will include a wine, beer and spirits tasting, and a nacho/taco bar, which are both included in the price of the $25 tickets. Tickets are available from any Princeton Rotary member, at the door or by calling Joanne Sheldon at 815-719-2188. Jazz Festival in Princeton PRINCETON — The fifth annual Princeton Jazz Festival concert — “Swing Sets to Swing Sets” — will take place at 6:30 p.m. Saturday, April 29, at the Bureau County Fairgrounds in Princeton. The evening will include performances by the Logan Junior High School Jazz Band, the Princeton High School Jazz Band and the Princeton Community Jazz Band. Proceeds from the festival concert will support the music programs at LJHS and PHS. Admission to the concert is $5 ($3 for students and seniors), and doors open at the Allen Building at 6 p.m. Desserts will be available for purchase at the venue. PHS Music Boosters’ cookout PRINCETON — The Princeton High School Music Boosters will hold a cookout from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, April 29, in the Sullivan’s parking lot. They will sell ribeye sandwiches, butterfly pork chop sandwiches, brats and hot dogs. Chips and drinks will also be available. Pre-orders and phone orders may be made to 815-878-7645 or 815-866-5465. Free delivery is available within the city of Princeton. The fundraiser will benefit the PHS music program. For more information about the PHS Music Boosters, contact president Ben Atkinson at 815-866-5465, secretary Linnea Campbell at 815-878-1635, a current member or visit the Music Booster Facebook page, Princeton Music Boosters. Preschool screenings announced SPRING VALLEY — John F. Kennedy School in Spring Valley will conduct preschool screenings May 22-24. To make an appointment, call the school office at 815-664-4601. Children must be 3 years old by Sept. 1 to be screened. Festival 56 announces show PRINCETON — Festival 56 will present June’s Got the Cash at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, April 29. This musical show features Jenna Middleton as songbird June Carter Cash and Jonathan Lyons as the Man in Black. The tribute showcases Cash’s collection of hits over five decades, including “Jackson,” “A Boy Named Sue,” “Folsom Prison Blues,” “Walk the Line” and much more. Tickets are $18 in advance and $20 at the door, and seating is reserved. To purchase tickets in advance, call 815-879-5656 or visit www.festival56.com. The theater is located at 316 S. Main St. in Princeton and is completely accessible with ample parking nearby. Jewelry sale on April 28 PRINCETON — The Perry Memorial Hospital Auxiliary will sponsor a $5.99 jewelry sale from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday, April 28, in the north lobby of Perry Memorial Hospital. A selection of watches, rings, chains, etc., and all kinds of accessories will be displayed for sale. The event is open to the public. Proceeds from this event will go toward needed equipment for the hospital. For more information, call 815-879-7431. Spring dance recital announced PRINCETON — Just for Kix - Princeton will present its “Get On Your Feet” spring dance recital on Saturday, April 29. The show kicks off at 5:30 p.m. in Prouty Gymnasium at Princeton High School. Tickets available at the door for $7 for adults, $4 for students and 5 and under are free. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page| Comments Get breaking news and weather sent to your phone. Sign up for bcralerts! More News Auxiliary members hold workshopApril 21, 2017 - 3:37 pm Community NotesApril 21, 2017 - 3:37 pm Princeton Public Library announces programs for Money Smart WeekApril 21, 2017 - 3:37 pm Sondgeroth will retire May 1April 21, 2017 - 3:34 pm Bell choir members attend workshopApril 21, 2017 - 3:35 pm Project Success/Hall Township Food Pantry will host a Rip’s NightApril 21, 2017 - 3:35 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2017 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Charts That Show Why Amazon is Amazing The Everything Store is unique in many ways. Here are just a few. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) Apr 21, 2017 at 4:33PM Longtime Fool readers are no doubt familiar with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). The company revolutionized the book distribution business, then most of retail, then logistics, then corporate infrastructure with its cloud business; it is currently setting its sights on India, TV and film, drones, artificial intelligence, and just about everything else under the sun. Since the company is in so many industries and has a high-profile CEO who now owns a newspaper and a rocket business, it can be easy to get caught up in the daily headlines. Still, with the company at all-time highs, current and prospective investors may want to step back and appreciate the big picture. Here are a few charts that show why Amazon is amazing. Image source: Getty Images. "Your margin is my opportunity" The following chart looks unlike any other company I've come across, except for Netflix. That should terrify any retailer, especially those who have traditionally, you know, delivered profits, buybacks, and dividends to investors. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos once said, "Your margin is my opportunity," and he wasn't kidding: AMZN Revenue (Annual) data by YCharts. As you can see, Amazon has never indulged shareholders with GAAP profits. Therefore, it never has to take them away. This freedom from margins means that Amazon can go into just about any business it wants and disrupt it from below. Given that the company is branching out into basically anything related to retail or technology, it's a wide-open space Amazon can explore, equipped with the fastest horse. It's killing the mall (or, them all) The next chart shows Amazon taking sales from mall-based and other power-center retailers (Wal-Mart is left off since its $450 billion sales would skew the chart). As you can see, competitors' lines are relatively flat: AMZN Revenue (Annual) data by YCharts. Meanwhile, Amazon seems to be soaking up the extra sales, as the undisputed leader in e-commerce. While other stores are also investing in omnichannel and boosting their own online strategies, they're all playing catch-up. Now Amazon is contemplating opening brick-and-mortar stores, taking on legacy retailers on their home turf: the in-store experience. Given Amazon's rabid focus on customer satisfaction, you can bet there will be something interesting about the Amazon bookstore coming to a town near you. It's dominating the cloud despite competition Amazon now has a cash cow, and it's scary: AWS (Amazon Web Services) is a small business relative to the retail segment, but it is growing like wildfire and earns 26% operating margins. In the most recent quarter, AWS grew a whopping 47% and now sports a $14 billion run rate: Data: Synergy Research. Chart by Author. As the chart above shows, AWS is the dominant first-mover in the industry. And while the secret is out that cloud computing is the future, competitors have not made a dent. The industry seems to be coalescing around AWS and services from Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and IBM (NYSE:IBM). While those companies are growing market share, it has not come at the expense of AWS, but rather, from smaller upstarts. This is because, as the Wall Street Journal reported last weekend, building a cloud infrastructure costs huge amounts of money, and only the top dogs can compete. Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet spent a whopping $31.5 billion in capital expenditures in 2016. That's impossible to compete with if you're not already one of the largest companies. This is leading to what is known as an oligopoly with a strong secular tailwind -- a profitable combination indeed. According to Gartner, the IaaS (infrastructure as a service) industry is set to grow 37% this year, and will continue torrid growth for the foreseeable future. If AWS can just maintain its share, Amazon looks like it will have even more cash to deploy into new markets and opportunities. Bottom line: Amazon's unique record of reinvestment and experimentation is a formidable advantage, and it is not slowing down. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors; LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Billy Duberstein owns shares of GOOG, Amazon, IBM, and Microsoft. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, Amazon, Gartner, and Netflix. The Motley Fool recommends Nordstrom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info Apr 21, 2017 at 4:33PM Consumer Goods Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $160.38 down $-1.92 (-1.18%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $66.40 up $0.90 (1.37%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $858.95 down $-1.13 (-0.13%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.94 up $0.14 (0.19%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $898.53 down $-3.53 (-0.39%) Target NYSE:TGT $54.78 up $0.14 (0.26%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $142.87 up $1.69 (1.20%) Macy's NYSE:M $29.48 down $0.53 (-1.77%) Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $13.39 down $0.25 (-1.83%) Best Buy NYSE:BBY $50.64 up $0.11 (0.22%) Nordstrom NYSE:JWN $47.62 down $0.25 (-0.52%) Gartner NYSE:IT $112.58 down $0.38 (-0.34%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $843.19 up $1.54 (0.18%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Amazon's Clothing Success Could Doom Department Stores and Malls Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Charts That Show Why Amazon is Amazing @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $MSFT, $GOOGL, $WMT, $AMZN, $TGT, $NFLX, $M, $SHLD, $BBY, $JWN, $IT, $GOOG
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS What we know about former Tenn. teacher's relationship with student Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1897005" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Timeline of Tennesse student missing with teacher (WPVI) Friday, April 21, 2017 03:53PM After more than a month on the run amid a nationwide manhunt, former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins was found with his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, in far northern California. Cummins was arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. Today, the FBI took custody of Cummins under a federal warrant, which supersedes all local charges. The FBI is expected to take him back to Tennessee. Elizabeth was reunited with her family Friday. S. Jason Whatley, an attorney for her family, issued a statement saying that she is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts, as she has suffered severe emotional trauma. Whatley added a personal note that as he met Elizabeth for the first time he was struck by how young she really appears. He called her a "little girl in every sense of the word" and added that "she could easily pass for 12." His statement says the photo shared around the nation during the search for Elizabeth doesn't accurately represent what an "impressionable, little child" she is. The family thanks everyone for thoughts and prayers, and asks for privacy as Elizabeth recovers. Here's what is known about the days leading up to her alleged abduction, her time spent on the run with Cummins and how authorities finally located them thousands of miles away. Jan. 23 One of Elizabeth's schoolmates reported seeing her and Cummins kiss in his classroom at Culleoka Unit School in Culleoka, Tennessee, on Jan. 23. Both denied the claim, but the school district in Maury County decided to investigate the allegation. Jan. 30 A report from the school district dated Jan. 30 stated that neither Cummins nor Elizabeth "admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other."Cummins said Elizabeth, a student in his forensics class, is "a really good friend" who sees him "when she needs someone to calm her down." He said he loved his wife and would never cheat on her, the report stated. The report concluded that it "could not be confirmed" the alleged kiss happened. However, the report said Elizabeth would be removed from Cummins' class and that "Cummins will be reprimanded in regards to his duty to uphold his professional responsibility and behavior." Feb. 3 The school district wrote a letter to Cummins on Feb. 3, stating that Elizabeth was in the teacher's classroom that day, which the letter said violated a previous order by the school district. Feb. 6 The school district wrote another letter to Cummins on Feb. 6, telling him he is suspended without pay immediately "pending an investigation." An attorney for the Thomas family wrote a letter to the school district superintendent on Feb. 6, claiming that Elizabeth's father was never alerted by the district about the alleged incident and found out about it on Jan. 31, more than a week after the kiss allegedly happened, when sheriff's deputies called to ask him questions. The lawyer's letter also suggested the teen was communicating with the teacher through her cellphone. "Upon inspection of her cellphone the two are also having telephone communications," the attorney's letter stated. March 5 Cummins, a married father and grandfather, researched "teen marriage" online, specifically the age of consent, on March 5, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 10 Cummins conducted an online search about his car "to determine if certain features could be tracked by law enforcement," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 13 Elizabeth urgently woke up her sister Sarah on March 13 and made her promise to call the police if she's not home by 6 p.m. that night. Sarah later told ABC News that Elizabeth sounded "serious," not happy. "She's not a serious person," Sarah said. Elizabeth was seen around 7:30 a.m. or 8 a.m. local time at a Shoney's restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, where she is dropped off by a friend, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. She never returned home that night. Surveillance footage from a gas station near the restaurant appeared to show Cummins at about 8:30 a.m. filling up his silver Nissan Rogue. Later that same afternoon, a cellphone ping placed the pair in Decatur, Alabama, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 14 Cummins was officially fired from his teaching job at Culleoka Unit School. An Amber Alert was issued for Elizabeth. March 15 Surveillance cameras at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, captured Cummins and Elizabeth in the store on the afternoon of March 15. Investigators later obtained and released images from the surveillance footage. The footage showed the pair entering the Walmart together, where Cummins used cash to buy food. He didn't buy "anything else of significance," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. In the video, Cummins has "an altered appearance to darken his hair" and indicated that "Elizabeth may currently have red hair," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 17 Cummins, wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, was added to Tennessee's 10 most wanted list. March 28 Brent Cooper, the district attorney general for Giles, Lawrence, Maury and Wayne counties in Tennessee, asked members of the public to share the Amber Alert for Elizabeth with friends and family members in Mexico and Central America, adding that Mexican law enforcement had been notified and "it's possible that's where they are." Cooper said Cummins "planned this in such a way that he had a 24-hour head start ... easily enough time for him to make it to Mexico." March 31 A lawyer for Cummins' wife, Jill Cummins, said she had filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. "Jill will attempt to move forward with her life," attorney Michael Cox said in a statement provided to ABC News. "Jill continues to pray for the safe return of Elizabeth Thomas and for a peaceful resolution to this ordeal." April 11 Cooper told ABC News that Cummins is on medication to control his blood pressure and should need a refill. Pharmacists were asked to be on alert for customers who look like Cummins or Elizabeth. Cooper also told ABC News that Cummins left a note for his wife the morning he vanished. Cooper didn't provide details on what was in the note, but said it appeared to have been a diversion to throw investigators off the trail. April 18 Griffin Barry, a resident in far northern California, met Cummins and Elizabeth at a gas station in a very rural area of Cecilville. Cummins told Barry, who lives on a property that includes the gas station, their names are John and Joanna and that they need money for gas, food and a place to stay. Barry paid to fuel up their car, gave them an extra $40 in cash and set them up in a nearby cabin on the same property where he resides. Barry didn't talk much with the pair, he said, but became increasingly suspicious the more he interacts with them. "The girl wasn't really looking at me or anything and he was always dominating the conversation. That kind of clues people in," Barry later told ABC News' "Good Morning America." April 19 After realizing who Cummins and Elizabeth really were, Barry called 911 on April 19. "I had a photo of him that was the Amber Alert and I was like, that's definitely the guy, and then we saw the car as well and it matched up. Then we called the police right after that," Barry later told "GMA." Around 11 p.m. local time on April 19, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation received a call to its tip line about a possible sighting of the duo, according to the bureau's public information officer, Josh Devine. The Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department in northern California, received a similar tip, according to Devine. Investigators located a Nissan Rogue and were able to confirm through its VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The car was kept under surveillance for several hours. April 20 Authorities from the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department located Cummins and Elizabeth at a cabin in a rural area in remote Cecilville, nearly 2,500 miles from Elizabeth's home in Tennessee. Authorities were deployed to the location around 2 a.m. local time and deputies set up a perimeter around the cabin. They elected to wait until daylight to arrest Cummins as he exited the residence, according to the sheriff's department. Around 9:30 a.m. local time, Cummins exited the cabin and surrendered without incident. He was subsequently placed under arrest. Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin, according to the sheriff's department. Elizabeth also exited the cabin and was safely recovered by law enforcement officers. "After we placed them into protective custody, she was laughing, she was crying. She was kind of an emotional roller coaster, as you can imagine," Lieutenant Behr Tharsing of the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department later told "GMA." Cummins was charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, according to Cooper. The U.S. State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse against Cummins, according to U.S. attorney Jack Smith. The charge carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years in prison. Cummins also faces charges in California's Siskiyou County for kidnapping and possession of stolen property, according to the sheriff's department. The charges are pending review by Siskiyou County District Attorney Kirk Andrus. Cummins was in the custody of the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department without bond, until today. April 21 FBI officials arrived at the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department around 8:30 a.m. local time on April 21 with a federal warrant to take custody of Cummins, superseding all local charges in Tennessee and possible charges in California.Cummins is in the custody of the FBI and is expected to be taken back to Tennessee. ABC News' Elisabeth Bognar, William Gretsky, Michael Edison Hayden, Katie Kindelan, Dee Morales, Lauren Putrino, Glenn Ruppel, Emily Shapiro, Jason Volack, Kayna Whitworth, Nery Ynclan and Robert Zepeda contributed to this report. Related Topics: newsmissing personteacher arrestedu.s. & worldCalifornia Email share share tweet email Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Surgeon General Vivek Murthy resigns, replaced by deputy VIDEO: Mother allegedly hit by airline employee Caitlyn Jenner on how her relationship with her kids has changed Caitlyn Jenner reflects on how life has changed since transitioning Video shows police moving in on double murder suspect More News Top Stories Brawl breaks out at 99 Cents Only store in Houston Woman to deputies about fatal shooting: 'I shot him' Girl invites mayor for gelato, gets action on bad sidewalk Video shows police moving in on double murder suspect VIDEO: Mother allegedly hit by airline employee Family hopes teen's death is a warning to other drivers Woman last seen on bench near Med Center has vanished Show More Family names driver, Ford in lawsuit for daughter's death Troubled Crestmont Village set to be demolished Diet soda's link to stroke, dementia Man possibly linked to 5 indecent exposure cases President Bush to remain in hospital through weekend More News Top Video VIDEO: Mother allegedly hit by airline employee Brawl breaks out at 99 Cents Only store in Houston Troubled Crestmont Village set to be demolished Family hopes teen's death is a warning to other drivers More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 68° View Live Radar Sun H 63° L 54° Mon H 74° L 53° Tue H 81° L 56° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Kidnapped student and teacher believed to have had sexual relationship Kidnapped student and teacher believed to have had sexual relationship April 21st, 2017 by Associated Press in Local Regional News Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey, right, speaks during a press conference in Yreka, Calif., Thursday, April 20, 2017. A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, April 20, 2017, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. (Danielle Jester/Siskiyou Daily News via AP) Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press. FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) ... Photo by The Associated Press/Times Free Press. COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife's car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. Related Article The Latest: Father of missing teen says she was brainwashed Read more Related Article Missing teen who was allegedly kidnapped by a Tennessee teacher has been found safe [video] Read more After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. Related Article Lawyer: Student saw teacher kissing missing Tennessee girl he's accused of kidnapping Read more "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff's deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end," Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl's family said Thursday evening. "We're anxiously awaiting word on her condition." A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school's investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. More Articles Read previous article Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Read next article Baylor students try their hand at robotic surgery [photos] Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Study: Riverbend pumps $29.6 million into economy [photos] Chattanooga learns from Nashville's special education successes [photos] A day after officers moved him to jail, man shot by police back in hospital Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon Hamilton County school board considering these 14 candidates for superintendent post UPDATE: Dalton police say man's self-inflicted gunshot wound may have been accidental UPDATE: Crews finish emergency repair work on I-24 eastbound Orange Grove officials respond to mystery death of long-time patient Man who snuck out of Atlanta prison caught sneaking back in with Cuervo, smokes Kidnapped student and teacher believed to have had sexual relationship The Latest: Father of missing teen says she was brainwashed UPDATE: Car plunges 100 feet off cliff near E. 26th Street
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Small Business April 16, 2017 12:01 a.m. Updated 04/19/2017 Is this the store of the future? Tom Murn's high-tech vending machine Vicki could compete with Amazon Go Matthew Flamm Comments Email Print × Photo: Buck Ennis Tom Murn sees a wide range of uses for his vending machine, which will have a Siri-like ability to answer questions. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Small Business Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Small Business Alert email newsletter. An essential summary of the week's top headlines selected for small businesses. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest ICYMI: Is this vending machine the store of... ICYMI: For-profit meditation centers are the ... Producer of immersive theater production... Mired in infighting, the Port Authority... Retail contraction has rocked Manhattan. Are ... Most Popular For-profit meditation centers are the new... Is this the store of the future? Second Avenue subway rent boost proves... Tax break for builders might be irrelevant The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Related News Retail contraction has rocked Manhattan. Are the outer boroughs next? Bulletproof will open New York cafe to spread butter-drink craze Commuter ferries to give a local retail startup exposure Manufacturers slow their pace of growth in April Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack TLC hearing After a troubled childhood, a high school dropout gets sweet redemption Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make the Cosmos the kings of New York soccer? Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets players' pay Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Sections Deseret NewsOpinion Opinion Peter Morici: Republicans face a quandary in enacting tax cuts without raising deficit By Peter Morici For the Deseret News Published: April 21, 2017 2:00 p.m. Updated: yesterday 2 Comments View 1 Item DepositPhotos FILE— Capitol building Washington, D.C. Donald Trump won the presidency in significant measure on a promise to deliver more robust growth and better jobs. As things stand, his efforts and GOP prospects for the midterm elections will importantly hinge on accomplishing tax reforms that encourage more investment. Stronger growth could be greatly assisted by reducing health care costs, regulatory burdens and the trade deficit, but the failure of Speaker Paul Ryan’s Obamacare replacement, legal barriers to quickly deconstructing Obama-era regulations and complexity of renegotiating international trade arrangements leave cutting taxes as the most viable path for Republicans to accomplish progress quickly. Unfortunately, Mr. Trump and the Republicans are hung up by conflicting objectives and special interests that make the prospects for success difficult. U.S. corporate taxes are much higher than those imposed by rivals like the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland and China, because other nations rely more on consumption than income taxes — usually, value added taxes (VATs). The U.S. code is riddled with special-interest credits and exemptions whose net effect is to impose very high taxes on some businesses while others pay not much at all. Finding the right K Street lobbyist is too often a better investment than developing a new or better product. Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady is pushing a plan to lower the top corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent by ripping away many special-interest provisions and shifting the basis for business taxation from where products are made to where those are consumed. To yield the same revenue as the current law and be consistent with the latter principle, it would not impose taxes on products made in the United States for export, and collect the 20 percent tax on imports. Retailers like Wal-Mart strongly oppose such border tax adjustments (BTAs) on imports because they allege it would raise prices on imported consumer goods by 20 percent. That may sound plausible but is unlikely, because retailers would also be paying lower taxes on their warehousing, distribution and merchandising activities. Nevertheless, retailers have found many allies among Republicans in the Senate to oppose the Brady plan. If a corporate reform bill — or the combination of corporate and personal tax changes — is not revenue neutral, it cannot be put into law for more than 10 years through budget reconciliation, which requires only a simple majority in the Senate and no votes from Democrats if Republicans maintain solidarity. Tax changes that automatically expire in 10 years or less would do little to instigate more long-term investments in manufacturing, research labs and the like. Republicans in the Senate are not likely to garner much support from Democrats to pass measures that cut corporate or top individual tax rates and increase deficits. Most U.S. businesses — even some large ones like Chrysler and Bechtel — are organized as limited liability corporations and pay taxes through the personal income tax code. Hence, lowering the top marginal tax rates of 39.6 and 35 percent is also essential to stimulating more investment in the United States. Lowering those rates significantly without losing revenue and increasing budget deficits will be tough, because Mr. Trump has promised a middle-class tax cut. And the latter necessarily involves shifting more of the tax burden onto the top quarter of taxpayers, who already pay more than 85 percent of personal income taxes collected. The only way out for Republicans is to impose a new tax to finance lower corporate and personal income taxes — notably, a VAT as applied by most other advanced industrialized countries. 2 comments on this story Those nations impose BTAs. Failing to do so with a U.S. VAT would permit foreign-made products to enter U.S. markets without paying a VAT abroad or here, while U.S.-made products would be subject to the new U.S. levy. That would woefully disadvantage the location of production in the United States and defeat the original purpose of tax reform — to boost U.S. investment and growth. The bottom line is that Mr. Trump and Republicans can only cut taxes to effectively boost growth by embracing a VAT with BTAs and disappointing Wal-Mart and other retailers. My bet is they won’t accomplish much more than marginal changes in the tax code, and 2018 will be a good year for the Democrats. Peter Morici is an economist and business professor at the University of Maryland, and a national columnist. Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Emergency Water LLC 4 life-saving inventions at Preppercon this weekend Opinion yesterday Jay Evensen: Why are you really leaving, Jason Chaffetz? Opinion yesterday In our opinion: State needs to solve teacher pay, retention problem The PopuList 1 Samuel Hislop: As a Christian, what is life calling you to do? 2 In our opinion: Let's hope Jazz run this year is for long haul 3 Boyd Matheson: The echo of the empty Congressional chamber 4 Letter: The real responsibility 5 Letter: Midterms are coming View all for Opinion most Commented 59 In our opinion: State needs to solve teacher pay, retention problem 33 Jay Evensen: Why are you really leaving, Jason Chaffetz? 27 In our opinion: Utahns should put politics aside and thank Chaffetz for his service 26 Letter: Free speech rights 19 Sen. Orrin Hatch: Working with the president to fix monumental messes 18 Letter: The real responsibility 16 Letter: Foul language 14 Richard Davis: When deregulating, the Trump administration should remember history Saturday, April, 22, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
About US Contact US Registration Friday April 21st, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage ICYMI: Brown “Leading Charge” to Bring Down Drug Prices By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 22, 2017  /  Comments Off on ICYMI: Brown “Leading Charge” to Bring Down Drug Prices       Print       Email MIL OSI United States – Source: United States Senator for Ohio Sherrod Brown Headline: ICYMI: Brown “Leading Charge” to Bring Down Drug Prices Huffington Post Article Highlights Bill Brown Introduced Combining “Every Policy Idea Drug Lobbyists Hate” Friday, April 21, 2017 WASHINGTON, D.C. – In case you missed it, the Huffington Post today released a story highlighting U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown’s efforts to bring down the cost of prescription drugs for Ohioans. In March, Brown introduced sweeping prescription drug legislation the Huffington Post notes, “combines every policy idea drug lobbyists hate.” As the article notes, Brown introduced the bill as part of his efforts to hold President Trump accountable to fulfill campaign promises on lowering drug costs. Brown’s bill provides, “a menu of options,” for the President to take action. The Improving Access to Affordable Prescription Drugs Act would help ensure that drug companies put patients before profits and bring some much-needed relief to families and seniors. The bill includes language authored by Brown to increase access to biosimilar drugs, providing additional competition in the marketplace and making them more affordable, and language to tax the windfall profits of drug companies when they drive up the cost of drugs without cause overnight. The legislation follows specific steps Brown outlined to Trump in a December 2016 letter outlining specific steps his Administration should take to help Congress reduce prices for working Americans. The full text of the article is available below. Huffington Post: Bernie Sanders, Al Franken and Sherrod Brown Quietly Owned Trump On High Drug Prices   By Zach Carter WASHINGTON ? The pharmaceutical industry consistently ranks as the most hated sector of the economy. It is also the most profitable. This is not a coincidence: Sick people need medicine to live, and drug companies charge ludicrous prices to extract their margins. This puts Big Pharma in a class by itself, even among deeply unpopular companies. People can’t stand dealing with cable providers, but TV doesn’t keep anyone above ground. At least Walmart has low prices. Drugs are ridiculously expensive for two reasons, both imposed by the federal government. First, the government grants pharmaceutical firms long-term monopolies on prescription medication. Second, the government bans itself from regulating the prices these monopolists choose to charge ? or even allowing Medicare or Medicaid to negotiate with them. No other country in the world does business this way, because it is economically inefficient and bad for public health. President Donald Trump spent much of the 2016 campaign saying as much — vowing to stick it to the drug companies if he was elected. “When it comes time to negotiate the cost of drugs, we are going to negotiate like crazy,” Trump said on the campaign trail. After winning the election, he ratcheted up the rhetoric, telling reporters at a press conference that pharmaceutical companies were “getting away with murder.” Now Democrats are seizing on Trump’s bombast to burnish their own prescription drug credentials. In just a few months, a handful of progressive Senate Democrats have effectively reversed the friendliness with Big Pharma that former Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama had fostered for decades. Two of the usual suspects are leading the charge ? longtime pharma critics Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) ? along with a relative newcomer to power politics, Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.). In December, Franken and Brown rounded up 18 other Democratic Senators to sign a letter to Trump that vowed to help him pass measures to lower drug prices. They were ready to support legislation allowing Medicare to negotiate with Big Pharma, cap price increases and speed up the entrance of generic drugs to the market. Franken and Brown went further last month, when they introduced legislation that combines just about every policy idea drug lobbyists hate. The bill includes old standbys like Medicare negotiations and permitting imports of safe prescription drugs from Canada (where prices are lower, because Canada regulates them). But it also features more radical moves, including expanded federal funding for clinical trials, which would prevent private companies from monopolizing taxpayer-funded research. Typically, the government pays for early drug research, with pharmaceutical firms supporting the final steps in the process. The top prescription drug lobbying organization, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, did not respond to a request to comment for this article. Nobody on Capitol Hill expects the Franken-Brown bill to become law. Democrats are in the minority in both chambers of Congress, and even if they weren’t, legislation specifically targeting an entrenched special interest is usually impossible to pass on its own. But the legislation’s 14 cosponsors demonstrate a shift in party thinking. The list includes Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), a moderate with a checkered record on corporate accountability issues who is rumored to be considering a 2020 presidential bid. It also includes freshmen Sens. Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.) and Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), and newbies rarely poke potential corporate donors in the eye just to make a statement. Franken and Brown’s offices say they hope the bill serves as a “menu” of options for Trump should he decide to actually do something about high drug prices. If the president decides to go after Big Pharma, he could demand a provision or two from the Democratic legislation and truthfully claim to have bipartisan support for the move. Leaders in both parties have been doing favors for Big Pharma for decades. The law prohibiting Medicare from negotiating drug prices was passed by a GOP-controlled Congress and signed by then-President George W. Bush. Bill Clinton tried to use trade policy to help drug companies gouge AIDS and HIV patients in South Africa. Obama pursued longer and stronger drug monopolies through the Trans-Pacific Partnership, backtracked on campaign promises to allow imports of safe prescription drugs from Canada and sicced the State Department on India’s generic drug industry in an effort to elevate prices abroad. In January, 13 Democrats including Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.), the top Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, sided with Big Pharma and 39 Republicans to knock down a bill to allow Canadian prescription drug imports. Progressive Democrats who were unhappy with Obama’s drug platform are using the party’s minority status to reshape its agenda. But as they stand up to Big Pharma, Trump is backing down. After excoriating drug companies in early January, Trump held a meeting with top executives. He left parroting drug lobbyist talking points: tough negotiations with Big Pharma had transmuted into nefarious government “price-fixing.” He’s been quiet about drug prices in the weeks since, ignoring them during the GOP’s disastrous internal negotiations over an Obamacare replacement. But a full flip-flop from Trump would be a political boon for progressive Democrats. Brown and other co-sponsors including Gillibrand and Sens. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) and Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.) are all up for re-election in 2018, with Brown and Baldwin representing states Trump carried in 2016. If Trump doesn’t deliver on drug prices, Democrats will have a simple message: Return us to power and we will. ### Jenny Donohue/Rachel Petri 202-224-3978     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on April 22, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 22, 2017 @ 7:45 am Filed Under: Americas, English, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, United States, United States Government, United States of America, United States Senate, United States Senator for Ohio Sherrod Brown NEXT ARTICLE → Yukon government invites public comment on draft pharmacist and rural permit holder legislation ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE: MONROE COMMUNITY COLLEGE SECURES $550,000 TO MAKE COLLEGE A TOP PHOTONICS TRAINING CENTER; SCHOOL AIMS TO MEET GROWING DEMAND FOR SKILLED WORKERS IN UPSTATE NEW YORK About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Rounds Appointee Accepted to U.S. Military Academy at West Point Shaheen, Senators Question DHS About Revoking Global Entry Status Based on Religion Members of Congress Raise Ethics Concerns about Deputy White House Counsel SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE: MONROE COMMUNITY COLLEGE SECURES $550,000 TO MAKE COLLEGE A TOP PHOTONICS TRAINING CENTER; SCHOOL AIMS TO MEET GROWING DEMAND FOR SKILLED WORKERS IN UPSTATE NEW YORK ICYMI: Brown “Leading Charge” to Bring Down Drug Prices © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak Cossetta's sues St. Paul, saying city blocked plans to expand War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows Prince fans make 'pilgrimages' to Minnesota's purple landmarks Psychologist: Serial rapist obsessed with deviant thoughts, not ready to leave program Vacation's over: Obama will return to public life next week Wild, Blues are resigned to low-scoring series Twins' bats revive in six-run sixth to thump Tigers Copy of Declaration of Independence discovered in Britain brings intrigue, questions Old-school Twin Cities shops defy the trends on Record Store Day 2017 Study links diet pop to higher risk of stroke, dementia next South Metro 420101443 Runaway New Prague teens found safe in Arizona They were last seen at a Wal-Mart in Shakopee on April 15.  By Tim Harlow Star Tribune April 21, 2017 — 3:10pm Text size share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Two runaway teenagers from New Prague have been found alive and safe in Arizona, authorities said. Hailey Ann Delbow, 16, and Terry Dewayne Cook, 17, were last seen around 11 a.m. April 15 at a Wal-Mart in Shakopee. They were believed to have been headed for Texas. The Scott County Sheriff’s Office had asked for the public’s help in finding the teens. On Thursday, the teens were found “unharmed and safe” in Maricopa County and their parents notified, the Scott County Sheriff’s Office said. harlow@startribune.com 612-673-7768 timstrib More from Star Tribune People are checking out of the workforce at growing rates, economist says Cano accused of 'Jim Crow tactics' after challenging Minneapolis caucus results 75,000 ladybugs being released inside Mall of America for Earth Day Mother charged with killing 3-month-old son $10K reward offered in killing of Minneapolis grandmother nearly 3 months ago Medical examiner says blows to the head killed Shakopee couple Man accused of killing 3 to use insanity defense Speeding car with 4 teens rolls over in south-central Minnesota; 1 killed More From Local South Metro 55 minutes ago In fight for MS cure, Shakopee man leads the way in national fundraising Chris Anderson has become an "ambassador" for MS through advocacy and fundraising. West Metro 12:59am Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak Misinformation about the measles shot raised fear in many Somali families. Now health officials are reaching out and redoubling their efforts. Local 12:46am Star Tribune wins eight National Headliner Awards The Star Tribune has won eight awards in the 83rd annual National Headliner Awards, including two first-place honors. The stories, projects, photos and digital content… Local 12:27am Prince fans revel in memory of an artist lost Prince fans from the Twin Cities and across the world bonded over the loss of their common idol. West Metro April 21 Hospital joins watershed district to build flood wall Methodist Hospital so far surviving April rains thanks to 370-foot concrete structure. Top Stories Vaccine misconception plays role in Minn. measles outbreak 12:59am Cossetta's sues St. Paul, saying city blocked plans to expand Apr. 21 War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows Apr. 21 Most Read Utilities square off over serving Minnesota Vikings • South Metro Runaway New Prague teens found safe in Arizona • South Metro First garbage-to-ethanol plant in U.S. proposed for Inver Grove Heights • South Metro In fight for MS cure, Shakopee man leads the way in national fundraising • South Metro MN Zoo director refocused mission on conservation, dealt with budget woes • South Metro World French election could disrupt security Saudi women demand more freedom Nation 'I don't like to be touched': Video shows 10-year-old autistic boy arrested at Florida school Judge orders evidence preserved in Hernandez prison suicide Politics Trump eyes changes to Obama's tax and Wall Street rules War of words over Southwest light-rail transit line grows markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild, Blues are resigned to low-scoring series Reusse: First round shows unpredictability of NHL playoffs Twins Twins' bats revive in six-run sixth to thump Tigers Twins' Opening Day roster remains unchanged Vikings Vikings draft preview: It's not just Treadwell; depth needed at WR, TE Vikings fans concerned and 'optimistic' about 2017 schedule Celebrities Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles President Trump welcomes Sarah Palin to White House Super Bowl LII Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl in Minneapolis poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
DirectoryPhotosAboutContactAdvertise Free TrialSubscribeSign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Home Local Agendas and Notices Church Corrections Court Reports Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Calendar Classifieds Senior Center News, April 21, 2017     Share   Tweet 0 Comments April 21, 2017 North Central Senior Center, April 24-28 Monday —Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m; exercise class at 10 a.m. Tuesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; bingo at1:15 Wednesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; TOPS at 8 a.m.; cards 1 p.m.; mall or Walmart shopping from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Thursday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; cards at 1 p.m.; exercise class at 10 a.m. Friday — Medical transportation is available from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., but people must make a request at least 24 hours in advance. Pinochle — First place, Dick Zinn and Elva Van Dessel — tie; second place, Harold Anderson; third place, Bev Haugen; pinochle: Elva Van Dessel and Giles Majerus Menu by Earlene DeWinter Monday — Cabbage rolls, scalloped potatoes, carrots, fruit Tuesday — Applesauce roast pork, rolls, mashed potatoes with gravy, broccoli Normandy, pineapple upside-down cake Wednesday — Soup, taco bar, blueberry oat bar Thursday — Chicken broccoli casserole, pepper jack cheese bread, salad, dessert Friday — Soup, salad bar, chef’s dhoice, dessert, milk Understanding food allergies Have you noticed food allergy warnings at restaurants? Maybe you’ve heard about peanut-free classrooms and flights. People who have serious reactions to certain foods must be careful about what they eat and what others eat around them. There’s no cure for food allergies. But researchers are learning more about how to prevent and treat this condition. Allergic reaction happen when your immune system – your body’s defense against germs and foreign substances – overreacts to something that’s normally harmless. In the US, most food allergies are caused by peanuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, eggs, milk, wheat, and soy. Allergies show up most often in children, but they can develop at any age. Food allergy symptoms can range from mild to severe. Some people experience a life-threatening reaction called anaphylaxis. Symptoms may include trouble breathing, dizziness, and fainting. When you have a food allergy, there’s no way to predict how your body will react when you’re exposed. You might have a mild reaction one time and a severe reaction the next. There has been a lot of research on peanut allergy because it is often so severe. Researchers are studying a large clinical trial where infants’ chances of developing an allergy were high. They started introducing food containing very small a.m.ounts of peanuts to the infants. They continued this diets until they were 5 years old. Infants who were eating peanut-containing foods beginning early in life had an 81% lower chance of developing a peanut allergy. It is important to understand that these guidelines are about preventing allergies not treating an existing peanut allergy. These new guidelines are based on these results and the clinical knowledge of the expert panel who developed them. If you are want to try this with someone in your family, it must be done under a doctor’s care only. Whether this strategy works for other food allergies isn’t known at this time. Remember, allergies can be life threatening, be aware of your allergies and the reactions of those around you. You might be interested in: For the Record, April 20, 2017 Hill County Justice Court, Nov 2016 Quick Pics - Cultural differences discussed Correction: Vacant properties LIbrary hosting 'Load sixteen tons, and what do you get'   Most Popular Havreite campaigns to...Paul Dragu Panthers heading to Ha...Chris Peterson Ponies face Central A...Chris Peterson Ponies get back on the...Chris Peterson Hi-Line Living - Helpi...Alex Ross Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Sections Local Obituaries Sports Opinion Calendar classifieds Newspaper Contact Subscribe About Photos Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Mobile Browser Advertise Advertise Business Directory Contribute Submit Content Letter to the Editor Connect With Us Havre Daily News 119 2nd Street Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 Email: news@havredailynews.com © 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation © Copyright 2017 Rendered 04/21/2017 13:04
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 58.90% During The Period 2017-2021 Orbis Research Orbis Research has added Report on „Global Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021” to its Database. DALLAS, TX, UNITED STATES, April 21, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Analysts forecast the Global Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 58.90% During The Period 2017-2021. Place Purchase Order for this Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256248 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021 Key vendors • Google • Apple • Here • Micello Enquire about Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/enquiry-before-buying/256248 Other prominent vendors • Beaconinside • bluepath • GiPStech • MazeMap • Nextome • Pinmicro • Pointr • shopkick • Spreo Market driver High penetration of mobile computing devices. Market challenge Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Market trend Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Table of Contents PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Five forces analysis PART 07: Global BLE-based beacons shipment units PART 08: Market segmentation by application PART 09: Market segmentation by geography PART 10: Decision framework PART 11: Drivers and challenges PART 12: Market trends PART 13: Vendor landscape PART 14: Key vendor analysis PART 15: Appendix List of Exhibits Exhibit 01:IPIN solutions: Application verticals Exhibit 02: Types of indoor navigation technologies Exhibit 03: Comparison of time spent on retail app vs. mobile app Exhibit 04: Comparison of audience reached by retail app vs. mobile app Exhibit 05: Global IPIN market 2016-2021 ($ billions) Exhibit 06: Five forces analysis Exhibit 07: Global BLE-based beacons shipment 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 08: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by application 2016-2021 (% share) Exhibit 09: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by application 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 10: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by retail 2016-2021 (millions) Exhibit 11: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by aviation 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 12: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by healthcare 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 13: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by manufacturing and logistics 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 14: Global BLE-based beacons shipment by government organizations and public places 2016-2021 (million units) Exhibit 15: Global IPIN market by geography 2016-2021 (% share) About Us: Orbis Research is a single point aid for all your Market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required Market research study for our clients. Hector Costello Orbis Research +1 (214) 884-6817 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silicon Carbide Fibers Market Size, Share, Trends Analysis and Growth Forecast by Type and Application from 2017-2022 Next PostNext Metal Fabrication Equipment Market Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Latest Trends by Leading Regions, and Manufacturers from 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award WESTMORELAND AREA ROADS AFFECTED BY STORM DEBRIS – Multiple VDOT crews working to remove downed trees and limbs; Route 205 (Ridge Road) is closed at Ninth Street in Colonial Beach Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live earthtv wishes you a happy Earth Day! RADAR: Thunderstorms hit parts of central US Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf from Jacksonville Pier Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch What we know about former Tenn. teacher Tad Cummins' relationship with 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas By Morgan Winsor Close Follow on Twitter More from Morgan Apr 21, 2017, 2:18 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayKDRV WATCH Timeline of events: Tad Cummins' time on the run with student Elizabeth Thomas 0 Shares Email After more than a month on the run amid a nationwide manhunt, former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins was found with his 15-year-old student, Elizabeth Thomas, in far northern California. Cummins was arrested and charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. Today, the FBI took custody of Cummins under a federal warrant, which supersedes all local charges. The FBI is expected to take him back to Tennessee. Elizabeth will be reunited with her family in Tennessee today. Here's what is known about the days leading up to her alleged abduction, her time spent on the run with Cummins and how authorities finally located them thousands of miles away. Jan. 23 One of Elizabeth's schoolmates reported seeing her and Cummins kiss in his classroom at Culleoka Unit School in Culleoka, Tennessee, on Jan. 23. Both denied the claim, but the school district in Maury County decided to investigate the allegation. Jan. 30 A report from the school district dated Jan. 30 stated that neither Cummins nor Elizabeth "admitted to behaving inappropriately towards the other." Cummins said Elizabeth, a student in his forensics class, is "a really good friend" who sees him "when she needs someone to calm her down." He said he loved his wife and would never cheat on her, the report stated. The report concluded that it "could not be confirmed" the alleged kiss happened. However, the report said Elizabeth would be removed from Cummins' class and that "Cummins will be reprimanded in regards to his duty to uphold his professional responsibility and behavior." Feb. 3 The school district wrote a letter to Cummins on Feb. 3, stating that Elizabeth was in the teacher’s classroom that day, which the letter said violated a previous order by the school district. Feb. 6 The school district wrote another letter to Cummins on Feb. 6, telling him he is suspended without pay immediately "pending an investigation." An attorney for the Thomas family wrote a letter to the school district superintendent on Feb. 6, claiming that Elizabeth’s father was never alerted by the district about the alleged incident and found out about it on Jan. 31, more than a week after the kiss allegedly happened, when sheriff's deputies called to ask him questions. The lawyer's letter also suggested the teen was communicating with the teacher through her cellphone. "Upon inspection of her cellphone the two are also having telephone communications," the attorney's letter stated. March 5 Cummins, a married father and grandfather, researched "teen marriage" online, specifically the age of consent, on March 5, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 10 Cummins conducted an online search about his car "to determine if certain features could be tracked by law enforcement," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 13 Elizabeth urgently woke up her sister Sarah on March 13 and made her promise to call the police if she’s not home by 6 p.m. that night. Sarah later told ABC News that Elizabeth sounded "serious," not happy. "She's not a serious person," Sarah said. Elizabeth was seen around 7:30 a.m. or 8 a.m. local time at a Shoney's restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, where she is dropped off by a friend, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. She never returned home that night. Surveillance footage from a gas station near the restaurant appeared to show Cummins at about 8:30 a.m. filling up his silver Nissan Rogue. Later that same afternoon, a cellphone ping placed the pair in Decatur, Alabama, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 14 Cummins was officially fired from his teaching job at Culleoka Unit School. An Amber Alert was issued for Elizabeth. March 15 Surveillance cameras at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, captured Cummins and Elizabeth in the store on the afternoon of March 15. Investigators later obtained and released images from the surveillance footage. The footage showed the pair entering the Walmart together, where Cummins used cash to buy food. He didn’t buy "anything else of significance," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. In the video, Cummins has "an altered appearance to darken his hair" and indicated that "Elizabeth may currently have red hair," according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. March 17 Cummins, wanted on allegations of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, was added to Tennessee’s 10 most wanted list. March 28 Brent Cooper, the district attorney general for Giles, Lawrence, Maury and Wayne counties in Tennessee, asked members of the public to share the Amber Alert for Elizabeth with friends and family members in Mexico and Central America, adding that Mexican law enforcement had been notified and "it's possible that's where they are." Cooper said Cummins "planned this in such a way that he had a 24-hour head start ... easily enough time for him to make it to Mexico." March 31 A lawyer for Cummins' wife, Jill Cummins, said she had filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. "Jill will attempt to move forward with her life," attorney Michael Cox said in a statement provided to ABC News. "Jill continues to pray for the safe return of Elizabeth Thomas and for a peaceful resolution to this ordeal." April 11 Cooper told ABC News that Cummins is on medication to control his blood pressure and should need a refill. Pharmacists were asked to be on alert for customers who look like Cummins or Elizabeth. Cooper also told ABC News that Cummins left a note for his wife the morning he vanished. Cooper didn’t provide details on what was in the note, but said it appeared to have been a diversion to throw investigators off the trail. April 18 Griffin Barry, a resident in far northern California, met Cummins and Elizabeth at a gas station in a very rural area of Cecilville. Cummins told Barry, who lives on a property that includes the gas station, their names are John and Joanna and that they need money for gas, food and a place to stay. Barry paid to fuel up their car, gave them an extra $40 in cash and set them up in a nearby cabin on the same property where he resides. Barry didn't talk much with the pair, he said, but became increasingly suspicious the more he interacts with them. "The girl wasn't really looking at me or anything and he was always dominating the conversation. That kind of clues people in," Barry later told ABC News' "Good Morning America." April 19 After realizing who Cummins and Elizabeth really were, Barry called 911 on April 19. "I had a photo of him that was the Amber Alert and I was like, that’s definitely the guy, and then we saw the car as well and it matched up. Then we called the police right after that," Barry later told "GMA." Around 11 p.m. local time on April 19, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation received a call to its tip line about a possible sighting of the duo, according to the bureau’s public information officer, Josh Devine. The Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department in northern California, received a similar tip, according to Devine. Investigators located a Nissan Rogue and were able to confirm through its VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The car was kept under surveillance for several hours. April 20 Authorities from the Siskiyou County Sheriff's Department located Cummins and Elizabeth at a cabin in a rural area in remote Cecilville, nearly 2,500 miles from Elizabeth’s home in Tennessee. Authorities were deployed to the location around 2 a.m. local time and deputies set up a perimeter around the cabin. They elected to wait until daylight to arrest Cummins as he exited the residence, according to the sheriff’s department. Around 9:30 a.m. local time, Cummins exited the cabin and surrendered without incident. He was subsequently placed under arrest. Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin, according to the sheriff's department. Elizabeth also exited the cabin and was safely recovered by law enforcement officers. "After we placed them into protective custody, she was laughing, she was crying. She was kind of an emotional roller coaster, as you can imagine," Lieutenant Behr Tharsing of the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department later told "GMA." Cummins was charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, according to Cooper. The U.S. State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse against Cummins, according to U.S. attorney Jack Smith. The charge carries a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years in prison. Cummins also faces charges in California’s Siskiyou County for kidnapping and possession of stolen property, according to the sheriff's department. The charges are pending review by Siskiyou County District Attorney Kirk Andrus. Cummins was in the custody of the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department without bond, until today. April 21 FBI officials arrived at the Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Department around 8:30 a.m. local time on April 21 with a federal warrant to take custody of Cummins, superseding all local charges in Tennessee and possible charges in California. Cummins is in the custody of the FBI and is expected to be taken back to Tennessee. ABC News' Elisabeth Bognar, William Gretsky, Michael Edison Hayden, Katie Kindelan, Dee Morales, Lauren Putrino, Glenn Ruppel, Emily Shapiro, Jason Volack, Kayna Whitworth, Nery Ynclan and Robert Zepeda contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " What we know about former Tenn. teacher's relationship with student " Caitlyn Jenner reflects on how life has changed since transitioning " Russian aircraft fly close to Alaska for 4th time in 4 days " Person of interest in Phoenix shootings that killed 7: Police " AG Jeff Sessions stands by his controversial Hawaii comments " Russian man sentenced to 27 years in hacking case " Man who tipped off authorities about missing student describes 'clues' " US pilot ejects from jet near carrier headed for Korean peninsula " Drones used for first time in major search at Grand Canyon " Pence reaffirms US-Australia alliance after Trump spat " Trump had undisclosed meeting with former Colombian presidents " Fresno, California gunman enters court shouting " Treasury denies Exxon waiver to drill in Russia " Afghan official: Army compound attacked by gunmen " Trump says 'no deal' was made for charity worker " Russia denies it is moving troops close to North Korea " Chelsea Clinton: Someday, someone's mother will be president " Volkswagen to pay $2.8 billion in US diesel emission scandal " US Defense Sec'y Mattis: Syria still has chemical weapons " Florida state senator who used racial slur resigns " How the new 'Trumpcare' proposal could affect consumers " Trump signs executive actions to review tax regulations, roll back Dodd-Frank " Future of revamped health care bill remains dubious in House " Prince was 'greatest performer of his generation' " William, Kate and Harry discuss parenthood, grief over Princess Diana " UN panel: Syria evacuees likely to be caught in new fighting " Match for mutts? New website helps people adopt the best dog " 'The Promise' and 'Unforgettable' among this week's new movie releases
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 69 F Smithfield, NC Saturday, April 22, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Police: Shoplifting Suspects Solicited Juvenile To Help Them Steal News Police: Shoplifting Suspects Solicited Juvenile To Help Them Steal April 21, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Two Four Oaks teenagers are facing criminal charges after they were allegedly caught stealing items from Wal-Mart on North Brightleaf Boulevard in Smithfield Wednesday afternoon. Police responded to the business around 3:45pm after the two suspects, 17 year-old Kaci Diane Wood and 19 year-old Kayla Lynn Wilson, both of E. Sanders Street, Four Oaks were caught by store security personnel trying to steal makeup and cell phone accessories valued at $102.25. Smithfield Police Captain J. Grady said the two teens had a 15 year-old with them who they reportedly enlisted to help them shoplift the merchandise. Wood and Wilson were charged with larceny and contributing to the delinquency of a minor.  Police are consulting with juvenile authorities to see if the 15 year-old will face any charges. Wood was given a $5,000 bond. Wilson was held under a $20,000 bond. Court dates for both of them was set for June 8th, according to a police report. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTown Of Selma Decreases Customers Rates, Town Of Smithfield Does Not Next articleFour Oaks Fincorp, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Editor JoCoReport.com RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Severe Weather, Heavy Rains Possible This Weekend News Johnston County First Responder Recognized News Thief Steals HVAC System From Retired Couples Home Follow Us Most Popular This Week 4 Men Linked To 2016 Crime Spree April 19, 2017 Archer Lodge Fire Department Receives New Rating After Inspection April 19, 2017 18 Graduate From Crisis intervention Training April 16, 2017 Recent Posts Severe Weather, Heavy Rains Possible This Weekend Johnston County First Responder Recognized Thief Steals HVAC System From Retired Couples Home High School Cheerleaders Arrested ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 Severe Weather, Heavy Rains Possible This Weekend April 21, 2017 1 Johnston County First Responder Recognized April 21, 2017
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 61° Low 52° High 66° Fayetteville 53° Low 45° High 58° Bentonville 52° Low 46° High 55° See complete forecast Mary J. Blige Added To Summer AMP Lineup Posted 12:39 pm, April 21, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 12:40PM, April 21, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email ROGERS (KFSM) — Mary J. Blige will be coming to the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion this summer.  Blige will take the stage on Saturday, June 3. The performance will start at 7:30 p.m., but the doors will open at 6 p.m. Tickets to see Blige, who has sold 50 million albums and won nine Grammy Awards, will begin at $30 and go up to $95. Sales will start at noon on Thursday (April 27). People can purchase tickets for her performance online, by calling 479-443-5600 or by stopping by the Walmart AMP or Walton Arts Center box offices.   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Two Rescued After Being Trapped Under Fallen Tree At Barling Park FOUND: Amber Alert Cancelled After Two Oklahoma Babies Found In Arkansas Couple Accused Of Assaulting, Robbing 70-Year-Old Man Arrested In Pennsylvania Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Humane Society Races Against Clock To Save Eight Local Dogs Medal Of Honor Hero Shares War Story With Students Auburn Shells Arkansas In Series Opener ATV Accident Survivor To See Top Doctors News Matchbox Twenty And Counting Crows Add Summer Tour Stop At Walmart AMP News Train Performing At Walmart AMP In May News Lady Antebellum To Perform At Walmart AMP With Kelsea Ballerini And Brett Young News ZZ Top Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Third Eye Blind Coming To AMP News Blink-182 Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Steve Miller Band Added To Walmart AMP’s Summer Lineup News Brad Paisley Added To Summer AMP Lineup News Bush Added To Walmart AMP Lineup News Boston Coming To Walmart AMP News Willie Nelson, Sheryl Crow And Craft Beer Heading To AMP For Outlaw Music Festival News The Harlem Globetrotters Bring 2017 World Tour To Fayetteville News Super Bowl Halftime Show: Lady Gaga Addresses Beyonce Rumor, Has Drone Plans? Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Top Local Stories Woman attacked during home invasion in Mount Clemens News Owner of medical clinic in Livonia, wife charged with participating in female genital mutilation News Getting sunnier, remaining cool Saturday News Ranking the Tigers' starting pitchers through 3 starts Sports Video that appeared to show waterspout over Detroit River is actually something else Weather The rise of Olympian snowboarder Karly Shorr News 'Camp No Counselors' adult summer camp coming to Michigan in June Lifestyle Michigan State football's Auston Robertson charged in sexual assault case Sports Let Them Eat Steak! Dishes in the D In The D National Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Tad Cummins slipped into remote Calif. community By JASON HANNA , SARA SIDNER AND EMANUELLA GRINBERG , CNN Posted: 11:53 AM, April 21, 2017 Updated: 5:41 PM, April 21, 2017 Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via CNN More National Headlines Timeline: Tennessee missing teen Missing Tennessee student: From kissing allegation to 5-week manhunt A month later: What we know (and don't) about the Tennessee abduction CECILVILLE, California (CNN) - Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized, and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who'd just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested -- and the girl was found safe -- Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin -- a one room structure that was in the process of being built. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday, a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday, Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Elizabeth was reunited with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. "She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child," family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. "There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning." A suspicious couple The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, according to the cabin's owner. "He was like, 'We're from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything," Barry told CNN. "He's like, 'This is my last $10." Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins' vehicle. The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn't get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work -- moving rocks to build a wall on the property -- and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins' companion spoke few words for herself. 'That's the guy' As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday night, the other person found Cummins' picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. "I said, 'That's the guy,'" Barry said. He called police Wednesday night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers' instructions Thursday morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Whatley. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to "clear his head." He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. 'Our goal is to seclude (her) with her family' Whatley, the attorney for the girl's family, said her immediate future wasn't clear. "Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family," Whatley said. "We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. "We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them." Gilley described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." Estranged wife speaks out Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air All Staff Schedule Bill Keeler Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Ronenelli Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Submit An Event World’s Largest Yard Sale VIP Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Submit a Birthday Local Expert Contests Cash Code MOM Of The Month Lovin Moments Nikon Coolpix L340 Digital Camera Coolest Cooler Dewalt Cordless Compact Drill Driver Kit Kindle Paperwhite E-Reader $200 Visa Gift Card $100 Target Gift Card Breville Juice Fountain Cold Juicer GoPro HERO5 Vacation Bundle Weather School Closings Keeler Tees for Tots Show Notes/Audio Keeler Cow Shirt Keeler Hobika Free Money Contest Contact Help & Contact Info Website Feedback Submit an Event Advertise With Us Careers Be An Event Vendor Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us TRENDING: Cash Code WIBX950 APP Utica’s Best Tomato Pie CNY Scoreboard This Week In The Mohawk Valley AutoTalk School Closings & Delays Utica Comets News Lottery Results Three Members Of Alleged Shoplifting Ring Arrested By Jim Rondenelli April 21, 2017 1:16 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Image of The Oneida County Sheriff’s Office says they’ve arrested three members of an alleged shoplifting ring. 32-year old Wyzettta Henderson and 29-year old Terrell Brody of Utica and 50-year old Robert Newton of Blossvale are charged criminal possession of stolen property. The three were wanted for a larceny in progress at the Walmart in Rome. Following a traffic stop, deputies say they found over $500 worth of meat and other items in the suspects’ vehicle. An investigation revealed the trio abandoned the Rome larceny attempt.  However, deputies say the items had been just been stolen from Riverside Center Walmart in Utica. Henderson, Brody and Newton were turned over to Utica Police, where they face more charges. The investigation is ongoing and authorities say the trio is suspected of additional larcenies in Rome and Utica. Oneida County Sheriff's Investigate Menacing Incident In Verona   Filed Under: oneida county sheriff's office Category: Utica-Rome News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best Of WIBX950 Three Members Of Alleged Shoplifting Ring Arrested Empire Recycling Hosts Sculpture Space Artists For Earth Day Event Teen Admits to the Brutal Killing of Aunt’s Little Dog 25 Years for Ex-Saint’s Killer in ‘Profoundly Sad’ Case Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts and Reporters Keeler in the Morning Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Rondenelli All Hosts and Reporters WIBX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from WIBX NY Giants 2017 Schedule Includes Thanksgiving Night Matchup in Washington April 21, 2017 Ohio Family Members Plead For Tips To Solve Massacre Of 8 April 21, 2017 2017 Earth Day Freebies, Deals and Sales For CNY April 21, 2017 State Police Warn Of Computer Virus Scam April 21, 2017 WIBX's Daily Deal $15 Certificate Toward Services With Danielle at Roots Salon Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Utica Business Listings Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wibx950.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB Register Now Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive IBX INCENTIVE CLUB contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: WIBX 950 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 244/7 (81) - PAK (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News World HIGHLIGHTS-The Trump presidency on April 21 at 13:00 p.m. EDT/1700 GMT Shares1 Fri, 21 Apr 2017-10:36pm , Reuters South Korea plans to raise the issue of U. S. restrictions on steel imports at World Trade Organization committee meetings next week, its trade ministry says. Highlights for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Friday: GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN Trump and his fellow Republicans who control Congress face their first major budget test next week, with the threat of a government shutdown potentially hinging on his proposed Mexican border wall as well as Obamacare funding. RUSSIA The House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russia's involvement in the 2016 U.S. election, says it has invited the directors of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency to appear at a closed hearing on May 2. FINANCIAL REGULATION Trump will order the Treasury Department on Friday to examine two powers given to regulators after the 2008 financial crisis to police large financial firms, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says. TAXES Trump on Friday will order the Treasury Department to review Obama-era rules written to discourage U.S. companies from moving their headquarters overseas to cut their tax bills, Mnuchin says. Target Corp , Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax. FREED CHARITY WORKER Trump welcomes back to the United States an Egyptian-American charity worker whose release from jail in Egypt was sought by Trump when he met Egypt's president early this month. TRADE Trump's first shot across China's bow over its steel exports escalates a years-long brawl over trade between the world's top two economies. South Korea plans to raise the issue of U.S. restrictions on steel imports at World Trade Organization committee meetings next week, its trade ministry says. Germany's finance minister is optimistic about reaching a "non-confrontational solution" on trade with Trump's administration at a summit this summer, he says after meeting his U.S. counterpart in Washington. A free trade deal between Britain and the United States would be "relatively straightforward" to negotiate because the two countries are similar, high-wage economies with floating exchange rates, British Finance Minister Philip Hammond says. Indonesia and the United States agree to find ways to reduce barriers to U.S. companies operating in Southeast Asia's largest economy, visiting Vice President Mike Pence and Jakarta's investment chief say. PENCE IN AUSTRALIA Pence is expected to discuss trade and regional security when he meets Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Saturday, Australian and U.S. officials say. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Mike Pence says US will honour refugee deal with Australia; Trump had earlier called it 'dumb' World Russia expresses 'regret' to US over exclusion from Syria chemical attack probe World US forces kill ISIS militant linked to Turkey nightclub attack World Venezuela: Eight electrocuted in Caracas looting amid violent protests World Pakistan's former army chief Raheel Sharif leaves for Saudi to lead Islamic military alliance World Taliban kill dozens of soldiers at army HQ in northern Afghanistan Live Cricket Score Live WI 244/7 (81) PAK (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Rising Pune Supergiant vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Sat, 22 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Russia tried to use Trump advisors to infiltrate presidential campaign: US officials Young immigrant 'dreamers' not to be deportation targets: Donald Trump Paris shooting: Donald Trump says attack will have 'big effect' on French presidential election Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Donald Trump United States Australia Egypt Steven Mnuchin Malcolm Turnbull Mike Pence Philip Hammond Russia China Congress Federal Bureau of Investigation Germany Indonesia Jakarta National Security Agency South Korea Southeast Asia Washington World Trade Organization U. S. Treasury Department Britain Federal Bureau House of Representatives Intelligence Committee Intelligence Committee Target Corp Wal-Mart Stores Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence American Airlines' employee suspended after row with passengers WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence WRAPUP 2-Peaceful outcome for Korean peninsula still possible - Pence Indian-American Surgeon Gen asked to step down by Trump admin Sport Battle of batsmen as upbeat Gujarat Lions take on KXIP Cricket-Test Series West Indies v Pakistan scoreboard Younis Khan may reconsider retirement on Pakistan Cricket Board request FA Cup: 'Tottenham Hotspur no longer the underdogs,' says Chelsea manager Antonio Conte Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic faces long injury layoff Entertainment Sanjay Dutt's 'Bhoomi' gets a NEW release date for THIS reason! Not Thor-like at all: Chris Hemsworth hasn't kept his promise with wife Elsa Pataky 'Captain America' Chris Evans headed to Broadway Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE on taking Kriti Sanon for a ride in his new car! Here's what it's like to go on a date night with 'Star Wars' actor John Boyega Money Top leaders discuss India at 11th Hero Enterprise Mindmine Summit Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on India encouraging global defence companies to set up units: India becoming hub of international arbitration: CJI JS Khehar Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Posted on Friday, April 21, 2017 by CNN in National News Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized, and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who’d just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested — and the girl was found safe — Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin — a one room structure that was in the process of being built. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday, a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday, Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Elizabeth was reunited with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. “She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child,” family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. “There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning.” A suspicious couple The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, according to the cabin’s owner. “He was like, ‘We’re from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything,” Barry told CNN. “He’s like, ‘This is my last $10.” Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins’ vehicle. The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn’t get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work — moving rocks to build a wall on the property — and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins’ companion spoke few words for herself. ‘That’s the guy’ As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday night, the other person found Cummins’ picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. “I said, ‘That’s the guy,'” Barry said. He called police Wednesday night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers’ instructions Thursday morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Whatley. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to “clear his head.” He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. ‘Our goal is to seclude (her) with her family’ Whatley, the attorney for the girl’s family, said her immediate future wasn’t clear. “Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family,” Whatley said. “We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. “We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them.” Gilley described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” Fresno shooting suspect to undergo mental exam Florida state senator resigns over racial slurs in front of black lawmakers Related Posts Lawsuit: Childhood trauma ‘disables’ students The taste of salt, the smell of nitro: Going for broke at Bonneville Former addict helps ‘invisible people’ break the cycle of homelessness Reps. Thompson and Dent Call for Full Restoration of Penn State Scholarships Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
null
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Tad Cummings Fleeing with student: Teacher took guns, cash and wife's car Associated Press • Yesterday at 12:46 PM COLUMBIA, Tenn. — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife’s car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife’s white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. “It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity,” the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff’s deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. “The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end,” Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl’s family said Thursday evening. “We’re anxiously awaiting word on her condition.” A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school’s investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher’s wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in news Pence says US will honor refugee deal with Australia Woman facing jail time after being convicted of slashing... Trump looking to close out first 100 days with a bang Man dies after riding Disney’s Thunder Mountain Boy crushed to death by large TV in freak accident Trump administration denies Exxon request to drill in Russia Grocery worker busted for swiping $34K in winning lotto tickets 20-year-old McDonald’s sauce packet sells for nearly $15K Tiny ‘hobbits’ were actually a separate species: study Aaron Hernandez estate mulls negligence suit against correction... Firefighter may have plunged to his death when ladder bucket... Dentist accused of pulling tooth while on hoverboard Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Teacher filled Cialis scrip before ‘kidnapping’ teen student By Lia Eustachewich View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 21, 2017 | 12:30pm | Updated April 21, 2017 | 2:06pm Modal Trigger Tad Cummins Reuters SEE ALSO Missing teen found safe with teacher who ‘kidnapped’ her 0:0 A Tennessee teacher and the 15-year-old student he’s accused of... The Tennessee teacher charged with abducting his 15-year-old student skipped town with Cialis pills and went shopping for KY Jelly and chocolate while on the lam for more than a month, according to new court papers. Tad Cummins, 50, filled a prescription for Cialis at a Columbia, Tenn., pharmacy on March 10 — three days before allegedly blowing town with student Elizabeth Thomas, the federal complaint filed Thursday says. His wife, Jill, told investigators that he was prescribed the drug, which treats erectile dysfunction and prolongs sexual performance. Three days later, the pair was spotted at a Walmart in Guymon, Okla., where he used cash to purchase items including “women’s razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly,” court papers say. Cummins and Thomas were spotted on store surveillance video in the only sighting of the two during their nearly six-week disappearance. The day the pair went missing, Cummins borrowed his wife’s 2015 Nissan Rogue and lied that he had a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. “Subsequent investigation revealed that Cummins had no scheduled interview,” the complaint says. That night, Jill came home to a note written by her husband, saying he went to Virginia Beach or the DC area to “clear his head” but that he’d be back, court papers say. Elizabeth Thomas in an undated photoAP He urged his wife not to call the cops and denied doing anything wrong — but he asked that she forgive him, according to the complaint. Investigators said Tad fudged information to obtain a $4,500 loan to “meet their financial needs during his suspension from work without pay,” court papers say. “[Jill] reported that the money was missing, along with two handguns, clothes and toiletry items,” the complaint says. Tad was busted Thursday morning on state and federal charges after a tipster called cops to report that he and Thomas had been living in a cabin in a rural part of Northern California for a week-and-a-half. Thomas was also found safe and unharmed, authorities said. “I’m glad this is over,” Cummins said after his arrest, according to CNN.  Thomas is set to be reunited with her family Friday. “We’re very happy that we’re going to see her again,” her dad said on “Good Morning America.” He added that he believed his daughter was brainwashed. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor and federal charges of transporting a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse. He could get a minimum of 10 years in the slammer on the federal charges alone. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amber alert ,  missing children ,  teachers ,  teens ,  tennessee Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Obama expected to stay silent on Trump in first public spe... Read Next Obama expected to stay silent on Trump in first public spe... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 94,668 Aaron Hernandez may have committed murder to cover up secret 31,084 Angry Muslim-American flashes guns, warns Christians to be 'terrified' 20,533 Hernandez planned suicide for weeks, left notes Now On Hillary picks LGBT honor over ‘Hello, Dolly!’ tickets La La, Carmelo putting son first amid mistress allegations Elisabeth Moss talks awkward sex scenes in ‘Handmaid’s Tale’ SEE ALL Video 1:01 Angry Muslim-American flashes guns, warns Christians to be 'terrified' Now On Real Sex, Real People: The Top 10 Documentaries About Sex SEE ALL More Stories page six Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress revealed Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost Aaron Hernandez may have committed murder to cover up secret New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
    Sign In Subscribe Experts Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Where to Buy Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Experts Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Find an Advisor Ask MoneySense Portfolio Builder Where to Buy Save Banking Budgeting Debt Credit Card Selector Annual Credit Card Rankings Financial Planning MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Investing TFSAs RRSPs RESPs Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Index Funds GICs Bonds Retirement Annuities Pensions Taxes Spend Credit Cards Insurance Real Estate Where to Buy Now Best Places to Live Buying Selling Renting Mortgages Renovations Vacation Homes Income Properties Shopping Auto Tech Travel Home & Décor Style Earn Careers Benefits Self Employment Learn RRSP Guide Glossary of Investing Terms Guide for New Canadians Guide to Insurance Couch Potato Portfolio Guide Books Invest Homes Tools & Rankings MoneySense Approved Financial Advisors Credit Card Finder RESP Calculator Mortgage Calculator Canada’s Best Credit Cards Canada’s Best Places to Live Where to Buy Now Top 200 Canadian Stocks Top 500 American Stocks Top 100 Dividend Stocks ETF All-Stars Best Mutual Funds Best Discount Brokerages Charity 100 Newsletters Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Bruce Sellery Jonathan Chevreau Dan Bortolotti David Aston Romana King Robert R. Brown Norm Rothery Jason Heath Barry Choi Home Real Estate Buying Halton region neighbourhoods: Full ranking Halton region neighbourhoods: Full ranking See where your neighbourhood ranks   0 by Mark Brown and Romana King April 11th, 2017 Online only.   0 Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Overview Vancouver Victoria Calgary Edmonton Winnipeg Toronto (GTA) Ottawa Hamilton Montreal Top Cities Real estate deals across the GTA Toronto’s top neighbourhoods Durham’s top neighbourhoods Peel’s top neighbourhoods York region’s top neighbourhoods Halton’s top neighbourhoods Search to filter by neighbourhood or area Rank Neighbourhood Area Average price Average price vs. area Average price vs. metro district Average price vs. greater city area Value 1-year price change 3-year price change 5-year price change Momentum Realtor grade 1 College Park Oakville $754,500 73.7% 86.3% 90.0%     23.5% 46.8% 69.8%     ★★★★ 2 Iroquois Ridge South Oakville $885,000 86.4% 101.3% 105.6%     24.1% 49.6% 71.3%     ★★★★ 3 Freeman Burlington $497,100 64.8% 56.9% 59.3%     21.9% 43.9% 61.3%     ★★★★ 4 Uptown Burlington $558,200 72.8% 63.9% 66.6%     18.8% 41.8% 61.4%     ★★★★½ 5 West Oak Trails Oakville $922,500 90.1% 105.6% 110.0%     26.0% 49.3% 68.0%     ★★★★ 6 Uptown Core Oakville $765,800 74.8% 87.6% 91.3%     24.6% 44.8% 62.6%     ★★★★ 7 Bronte West Oakville $901,000 88.0% 103.1% 107.5%     23.2% 46.2% 65.7%     ★★★★½ 8 Appleby Burlington $676,600 88.2% 77.4% 80.7%     20.2% 45.5% 64.4%     ★★★★ 9 Bronte East Oakville $979,700 95.6% 112.1% 116.9%     23.1% 49.3% 72.6%     ★★★★½ 10 Tansley Burlington $619,500 80.8% 70.9% 73.9%     18.2% 41.1% 60.0%     ★★★★ 11 Shoreacres Burlington $757,300 98.8% 86.7% 90.3%     21.2% 48.1% 67.8%     ★★★★½ 12 Palmer Burlington $655,300 85.5% 75.0% 78.2%     20.8% 43.6% 59.8%     ★★★★ 13 LaSalle Burlington $720,500 94.0% 82.5% 85.9%     22.6% 47.7% 64.4%     ★★★★ 14 Clearview Oakville $1,004,200 98.0% 114.9% 119.8%     25.2% 50.2% 72.6%     ★★★★ 15 Mountainside Burlington $588,800 76.8% 67.4% 70.2%     19.9% 38.2% 54.2%     ★★★★ 16 Glen Abbey Oakville $1,066,500 104.1% 122.1% 127.2%     24.9% 49.4% 71.3%     ★★★★½ 17 Bronte Meadows Milton $630,400 89.5% 72.1% 75.2%     20.3% 40.6% 54.9%     ★★★★ 18 Brant Hills Burlington $666,800 87.0% 76.3% 79.5%     21.1% 42.2% 58.7%     ★★★★ 19 Timberlea Milton $676,400 96.1% 77.4% 80.7%     22.1% 42.6% 58.7%     ★★★★ 20 River Oaks Oakville $1,040,200 101.5% 119.0% 124.1%     26.3% 50.3% 69.7%     ★★★★ 21 Dorset Park Milton $668,000 94.9% 76.4% 79.7%     21.0% 41.5% 55.3%     ★★★★½ 22 Clarke Milton $690,500 98.1% 79.0% 82.4%     21.1% 42.4% 57.5%     ★★★★ 23 Dempsey Milton $684,100 97.2% 78.3% 81.6%     20.6% 41.5% 56.3%     ★★★★½ 24 Palermo West Oakville $894,400 87.3% 102.4% 106.7%     18.2% 40.0% 58.5%     ★★★★ 25 Beaty Milton $705,400 100.2% 80.7% 84.1%     21.6% 42.9% 57.6%     ★★★★ 26 Headon Burlington $772,800 100.8% 88.4% 92.2%     20.2% 42.3% 58.7%     ★★★★ 27 Harrison Milton $717,500 101.9% 82.1% 85.6%     21.0% 42.1% 57.0%     ★★★★ 28 Brant Burlington $847,700 110.6% 97.0% 101.1%     21.0% 47.2% 68.4%     ★★★★ 29 Orchard Burlington $756,200 98.6% 86.5% 90.2%     18.4% 40.0% 58.0%     ★★★★ 30 Coates Milton $729,900 103.7% 83.5% 87.1%     21.0% 42.0% 56.8%     ★★★★ 31 Old Milton Milton $695,400 98.8% 79.6% 82.9%     21.4% 41.3% 57.1%     ★★★★ 32 Willmont Milton $730,600 103.8% 83.6% 87.1%     21.0% 41.6% 55.9%     ★★★★ 33 Georgetown Halton Hills $755,300 100.1% 86.4% 90.1%     22.2% 42.7% 56.4%     ★★★★ 34 Iroquois Ridge North Oakville $1,214,600 118.6% 139.0% 144.9%     25.5% 48.0% 67.7%     ★★★★ 35 Alton Burlington $781,700 101.9% 89.5% 93.2%     18.2% 23.5% 38.8%     ★★★★ 36 Scott Milton $841,400 119.5% 96.3% 100.4%     21.5% 42.1% 56.6%     ★★★★ 37 Roseland Burlington $897,000 117.0% 102.7% 107.0%     18.8% 38.1% 56.4%     ★★★★ 38 Glen Williams Halton Hills $726,600 96.3% 83.2% 86.7%     18.8% 39.5% 51.4%     ★★★ 39 Eastlake Oakville $1,745,100 170.4% 199.7% 208.1%     21.4% 45.2% 59.0%     ★★★★ 40 Tyandaga Burlington $951,100 124.0% 108.8% 113.4%     19.4% 38.0% 56.7%     ★★★★ 41 Rose Burlington $952,300 124.2% 109.0% 113.6%     18.8% 40.4% 57.5%     ★★★★ 42 Old Oakville Oakville $1,314,400 128.3% 150.4% 156.8%     18.7% 35.4% 49.9%     ★★★★   Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Share LinkedIn Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn RSS Resources Contact Us Advertising Site Map © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 22, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
News Sports Columnists Ex-Factor The Ken Collums Show Opinion Columns Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Features Voices from the Hill Life ArtsBlog FoodBlog Multimedia Videos Panoramics Photo Galleries Police Log Print Edition Senior Ads You are here: Home / Police Log: April 11-18, 2017 Police Log: April 11-18, 2017 April 21, 2017 by Staff Leave a Comment Weekly Highlight Report: 04/12/2017 10:30 a.m. A caller reported a person acting suspiciously on the Lunsford Trail; officers found the person engaged in a spirited conversation with himself as he walked to Walmart. 04/13/2017 10:14 p.m. ResLife notified officers of a suspicious woman sitting on the curb between Gardner and Nelson halls. The woman left the area prior to officers’ arrival. 04/16/2017 11:59 a.m. A visiting parent reported a suspicious male who appeared dirty and was asking inappropriate questions. The male walked east on EN 16th and officers were unable to locate him. 04/17/2017 3:41 p.m. ACUPD & APD responded to an emergency welfare check in the 1300 block of Cedar. The victim had left Hendrick MC prior to receiving treatment, but officers convince them to return to the hospital. 04/17/2017 8:38 p.m. Officers responded to neighbors’ complaints of a loud party near Rountree & Campus Court. Two ternants –both ACU students- were given a warning to quieten down; many revelers left while officers were on scene; tenants otherwise complied. 04/18/2017 ACUPD responded to an apartment complex in the 700 block of EN10th to assist CPS on an emergency removal of a child. ACUPD stood by to assist CPS Weekly Statistics: 911 CALL 1 ACCIDENT 2 ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITY 16 ADVICE 1 ALARM 5 ANIMAL CALL 2 ASSIST 1 BARRICADES 4 BUILDING LOCK/UNLOCK 6 CHECK BUILDING 360 DATING VIOLENCE 1 DIRECT TRAFFIC 1 ESCORT 1 FOOT PATROL 23 FOUND PROPERTY 2 HIT & RUN 1 INFORMATION REPORT 1 INVESTIGATION FOLLOW UP 7 LOST PROPERTY 3 MAINTENANCE UNIV ASSETS: CCTV 3   MAINTENANCE: UNIVERSITY ASSETS 2 MEDICAL EMERGENCY 1 MONITOR FACILITY/LOT 1 MOTORIST ASSIST: JUMPSTART 1 MOTORIST ASSIST: OTHER 1 MOTORIST ASSIST: UNLOCK 8 NOISE VIOLATION 2 PARKING LOT PATROL 39 PATROL VEHICLE: MAINTENANCE 2 PATROL VEHICLE: REFUEL 10 PROWLER 1 PUBLIC SERVICE 2 RANDOM PATROL 24 REPORT WRITING 12 SPECIAL ASSIGNMENT 1 SUSPICIOUS PERSON 3 SUSPICIOUS VEHICLE 1 TRAFFIC STOP 3 TRAINING 1 WELFARE CHECK 2 Total: 558 Police Chief Tip of the Week: April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month: Everyone needs to understand consent. Yes means yes, No means NO-PERIOD. Filed Under: Uncategorized Other : Theatre explores Peter Pan’s origins in last show of semester Gallery: Peter and The Starcatcher Nature trail to open Saturday for Earth Day About Staff Leave a Comment: Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. You are here: Home / Police Log: April 11-18, 2017 Other : Theatre explores Peter Pan’s origins in last show of semester Gallery: Peter and The Starcatcher Nature trail to open Saturday for Earth Day Latest Photos Videos Theatre explores Peter Pan’s origins in last show of semester The last show of the semester by the Theatre Department opened April 21 in Fulks … [Read More...] Jazz Ensemble completes semester with final concert Students rope their way through annual rodeo competition Nashville, NYC indie pop bands perform on campus More Videos Follow us online Facebook Flickr Instagram Twitter YouTube Home About Advertise Rate Sheet Media Kit Classifieds Policies Letters to the Editor & Reader Comments Staff Contacts Projects Jobs © 2017 ACU Optimist · All Rights Reserved
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search The Latest: Rescued teen back home in Tennessee By Associated Press • 15 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — A California sheriff says a Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student got the idea to go to a commune after visiting Berkeley, a city long known as a counterculture hotbed. Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon E. Lopey said teacher Tad Cummins took the girl to the commune at Black Bear Ranch in northern California but "didn't get along" with the residents and wound up leaving. Police say the teacher kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. He was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to them at a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer for the family of a 15-year-old girl who was allegedly kidnapped by her teacher says the teen is back home in Tennessee and being evaluated and treated by mental health experts. Attorney Jason Whatley said in a press release that the girl is in a safe location with family and friends. Police say teacher Tad Cummins kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. Cummins was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer said there is no doubt the girl suffered severe emotional trauma and the process of recovery is only beginning. He thanked people across the country for their thoughts and prayers and asked that the family have privacy. Tenn. (AP) — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife's car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff's deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end," Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl's family said Thursday evening. "We're anxiously awaiting word on her condition." A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school's investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Ultra Foods laying off 174 workers in Gary, Merrillville Close 1 of 2 Danielle Jester Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey, right, speaks during a press conference in Yreka, Calif., Thursday, April 20, 2017. A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, April 20, 2017, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. (Danielle Jester/Siskiyou Daily News via AP) HOGP FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) AP Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee By SHEILA BURKE Associated Press Apr 21, 2017 Updated 31 min ago Danielle Jester Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey, right, speaks during a press conference in Yreka, Calif., Thursday, April 20, 2017. A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, April 20, 2017, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. (Danielle Jester/Siskiyou Daily News via AP) HOGP FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — A 15-year-old Tennessee student who was allegedly kidnapped by her teacher and taken to California is back home, a lawyer for the girl's family said Friday. The girl is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma, lawyer Jason Whatley said in a press release. "There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning," Whatley said. He said the girl is in a safe location with friends and family and is now resting. Authorities credit the caretaker of a remote northern California property for helping police find her and arrest her alleged abductor, fired teacher Tad Cummins. After Griffin Barry became suspicious of two people he initially thought were in distress, his tip led police to the teacher accused of kidnapping his student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey. Barry said the pair told him their names were John and Joanna and they needed money for food, gas and a place to stay, ABC News Good Morning America reported Friday (http://abcn.ws/2pKHq16). But Barry, 29, said he became suspicious when the older man tried to keep the teen away. "The girl wasn't really looking at me or anything and he was always dominating the conversation. That kind of clues people in," Barry said. After seeing a photo of Cummins in an Amber Alert, Barry said he made the connection and called authorities. The Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office sent a tactical unit to the cabin Thursday morning. Cummins was arrested after he came out the cabin with the girl walking behind him, the sheriff's office said. Cummins was cooperative with law enforcement, Siskiyou Sheriff Jon E. Lopey told the Associated Press. He said the girl was at times "laughing, crying and acting stoic" after police found her at the remote cabin. "These two had a relationship to the extent where she didn't exhibit any anger toward him. I didn't observe any emotional distress," he said. "She didn't act like a rescued person would act," showing no signs of elation, he said. She appeared fine physically, Lopey said, and there were no signs of trauma. The girl was wearing pants, a blouse and shoes when Cummins was arrested. In the cabin, he said, was a single sleeping pad and clothing along with the two loaded guns — a 9mm and a .380 compact pistol. Lopey said the two had previously been at a commune called Black Bear Ranch, but "didn't get along" with commune residents and ended up leaving. The sheriff said the two had stopped in Berkeley first and that's how they found out about the commune. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Cummins faces federal and state charges. Before leaving with the girl, Cummins had been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's silver Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, triggering a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The girl's father has told news media he believes his daughter was brainwashed. Cummins also faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Before disappearing, Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. __ Associated Press writer Kristin J. Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire General News Missing Persons Kidnapping Crime Violent Crime Latest in section United CEO won't add chairman title in 2018 as was planned Charges dropped for all but 2 arrested in DC pot giveaway Muslim teen wins right to box competitively in hijab Global finance officials argue benefits of free trade Trump says Paris attack will help Le Pen in election More on this topic United CEO won't add chairman title in 2018 as was planned Charges dropped for all but 2 arrested in DC pot giveaway Muslim teen wins right to box competitively in hijab Global finance officials argue benefits of free trade Trump says Paris attack will help Le Pen in election Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til being sold, nine Ultra stores to close UPDATE: Police ID woman stabbed in Chesterton homicide UPDATE: Accused claims he was delivering drugs to homicide victim UPDATE: No explanation for door left ajar at Valpo school Indiana cancels nearly half a million voter registrations Currents +28 National News Photos: Scenes from the 121st Boston Marathon Pets The 52 trendiest dog breeds Music Remembering Prince: Ranking Prince's greatest contributions to entertainment Today’s top pics: Another deadly Paris shooting and more Your daily 6: A flying car, the Teacher of the Year, the X-Files Today's Birthdays, April 21: Queen Elizabeth II Today In History, April 21: Prince Ailing Mets put 1B Duda, INF Flores on DL; deGrom scratched Madison Bumgarner lands on DL after dirt bike accident Coyle, Wild aim to keep pressure on Blues with 3-1 deficit Experts: Texas peach crop challenged by lack of cold weather Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses ANGELOS PRIME GRILL 1542 US 41, SCHERERVILLE, IN 46375 REGIONAL FEDERAL CREDIT UNION 2801 BOILERMAKER CT, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 Munster Parks & Recreation 1005 Ridge Road, Munster, IN 46321 CASA BLANCA RESTAURENT 4616 INDIANAPOLIS BLVD, EAST CHICAGO, IN 46312 Business Directory Latest Local Offers K's Construction & Roofing Inc You Don't Pay Until the Job Is Done & You're Satisfied. Call K's Construction & Roofing 219-405-5146 Updated Apr 20, 2017 United Starter & Alternator, LLC Starter, alternator & generator repairs! United Starter & Alternator can help you! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated Apr 20, 2017 Hot Yoga Highland Intro Offer from Hot Yoga Highland! Click here for more information! Apr 13, 2017 Bednar Auction Service Looking for an Estate Sale in the Northwest Indiana area? Bednar Auction Service is Northwest Indiana's premier Auction Service. Call us at 312-805-1809 Updated Apr 20, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Share 127 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-21 ‘DaddyOFive’ Controversy: YouTube Video Shows Mike Martin Forcing Son To Slap His Young Sister, Making Her Cry Entertainment 2017-04-21 Stephen King’s ‘Gwendy’s Button Box’ Has Finally Been Read And Reviewed Entertainment 2017-04-20 Angelina Jolie’s Mon Guerlain Beauty Campaign: A Tribute To Her Mother Marcheline, A Legacy For Her Children Entertainment, Movies 2017-04-20 Will Ridley Scott Get His Desired ‘Alien: Covenant’ Rating? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-22 Aaron Hernandez’s Sex Life Linked To Murder As Rumors Of Gay Prison Lover Continue News 2017-04-22 How Much Money Is America Spending On President Trump? News 2017-04-21 Bernie Sanders Must Have Forgotten About His Three Houses When He Wrote This Tweet News 2017-04-21 How Accurate Is The North Korean Propaganda Video, Could Their Missiles Hit The U.S.? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-22 TNA News: Former WWE Tag Team Champion Returns Tonight At ‘Impact Wrestling’ Taping Basketball 2017-04-21 NBA Trade Rumors: Blake Griffin To Pacers, Paul George To Los Angeles Clippers In NBA Superstar Swap Wrestling 2017-04-21 WWE News: Is Braun Strowman Set To Be The Next Great WWE Superstar? Football 2017-04-21 2017 NFL Week 1 Odds: Early Odds For Each Game — Steelers, Cowboys, And Patriots Biggest Favorites Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-15 What’s Open Easter Sunday? Walmart, Target, Restaurants, Banks Open Or Closed April 16? Here’s The List Lifestyle 2017-04-12 Easter 2017: Personalized Easter Baskets With Names, Ideas, Photos And Video Tutorials To Create Your Own Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-21 SARMS For Sale: Bodybuilding Trend Beyond Protein Helping Gym Rats Build Muscles, Cut Fat With No Side Effects Health 2017-04-21 Sweetened Drinks Linked With Brain Shrinkage, Loss Of Memory Function, Stroke And Dementia, New Study Claims Health 2017-04-21 FDA Warns Against Medicine That Can Be Fatal To Kids Health 2017-04-19 Aaron Hernandez Found Dead: Odin Lloyd’s Killer Did Not Show Suicide Signs, Do You Know Somebody Who Does? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-04-21 Neil deGrasse Tyson Tweets, Reminds His Fans About The Time He Took Down Bill O’Reilly [Video] Gaming 2017-04-21 ‘EVE: Online’s’ Project Discovery Hands The Players The Tools To Help Scientists Discover Exoplanets Gaming 2017-04-21 Update 1.3 For Nintendo Switch’s ‘Super Bomberman R’ Described As ‘Ridiculously Good,’ Find Out Why Here Gaming 2017-04-21 Tired Of Waiting For Season 3? Check Out This ‘Rick And Morty’ VR Game In The Meantime BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-21 Starbucks Unicorn Frappuccino: Was The Idea Borrowed From Another Business? BuzzWorthy 2017-04-21 Before David Dao: Air Canada Overbooks Flights, Bumps Off Woman And 10-Year-Old BuzzWorthy 2017-04-21 Animal Adventure Park Delivers Parting Words As Live Cam Of April The Giraffe Shuts Down BuzzWorthy 2017-04-21 Rob Lowe Gets Finger Lickin’ Good Gig: Why The Actor Signed On As KFC’s New Colonel Sanders SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins: Arrest Affidavit Reveals Disturbing Details About Their Relationship Crime 127 0 0 April 21, 2017 Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins: Arrest Affidavit Reveals Disturbing Details About Their Relationship Aaron Homer Elizabeth Thomas, the missing 15-year-old teenager who had been missing for two months, and Tad Cummins, her alleged abductor, were found safe and sound Thursday in a remote part of northern California. Now an arrest warrant has been made public, revealing disturbing details about the pair’s relationship, and giving some glimpse into their life on the run. The Beginnings Of The Relationship As The Birmingham News reported, as far back as January, Thomas’ fellow students at Culleoka Unit School began to suspect that something inappropriate was going on between Cummins, 50, and Thomas, 15. #LIVE: 1,500 tips received since March 13th disappearance of Elizabeth Thomas. pic.twitter.com/GK8KhqIcyx — NewsChannel 5 (@NC5) April 20, 2017 On January 23, a 12-year-old student reported to school officials that he or she witnessed Cummins give Thomas a “romantic peck.” When school officials investigated the incident, it emerged that Cummins viewed himself as something of a father figure to Thomas. Cummins apparently viewed Thomas as a troubled girl in need of help. He had taken her to church with him, he claimed. An investigation of Elizabeth’s phone revealed that the two had had telephone contact. School officials didn’t see things that way, however and forbade the two from having any contact. That didn’t last: on February 3, they were caught in a classroom together, leading to Cummins’ suspension. Going On The Run Thomas was last seen by her family on the morning of Monday, March 13, at about 7:45 a.m., when a friend dropped her off at a Shoney’s restaurant. Hours later, security camera footage from a Decatur, Alabama, gas station showed the pair about 80 miles away. Meanwhile, Cummins’ wife, Jill, came home from work to find that Cummins had taken her vehicle, a Nissan Rogue, as well as about $5,000 in cash, a couple of guns, clothes, and toiletries. He also left a note – a note that investigators would later say was a red herring designed to mislead police – saying that he was going to Virginia Beach to “clear his head.” “He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call police. Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him. At the time, the wife did not contact police.” In fact, Cummins and Thomas went west, not east, as investigators would later determine. As Amber Alerts went up across the country, Cummins and Thomas were not heard from for two solid weeks. Then, on March 29, employees of an Oklahoma City motel told the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that a patron matching Cummins’ description had checked into a room. Further, the employee said that Cummins had asked directions to WalMart. Security camera footage from an Oklahoma City WalMart conclusively placed the pair in that location. .@TBInvestigation @Jason @jack BREAKING: #AmberAlert PLZ RT Missing Tennessee student #ElizabethThomas spotted with teacher in Oklahoma City. https://t.co/MRnnLEUpuz pic.twitter.com/4Nnu96ggYm — CHARITY.com™ (@CHARITY__com) April 1, 2017 The two purchased women’s razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly (a sexual lubricant), according to the criminal affidavit. Captured In California Authorities had suspected that Cummins, who had watched survival shows on TV before allegedly taking off with Thomas, would take the girl to a rural area, away from prying eyes of the general public. Specifically, they asked people in campgrounds and other rural areas to be particularly vigilant in keeping an eye out for the pair. Not surprisingly, when Cummins was finally captured on Thursday morning, he and Thomas were in a remote cabin in northern California, some two hours away from the nearest police station. Further, authorities had a difficult time getting to the location on the narrow roads, some of which were covered with snow. As of this writing, it is not clear how Cummins’ and Thomas’ location was made known to investigators. Authorities had said last week that Cummins was on blood pressure medication that was about to run out, and told pharmacists and emergency rooms to be on the lookout for him. However, it is not known, for now, whether or not that played a role in his capture. This is a developing story. More information about the capture and rescue of Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas will be provided as it becomes available. [Featured Image by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] Share 127 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Aaron Homer Tags: Elizabeth Thomas, kidnapping, Tad Cummins, Tennessee April 19, 2017 Aaron Hernandez Found With Bible Verse ‘John 3:16’ Written On Forehead In ‘Blood Red Marker’ [Report] April 19, 2017 Aaron Hernandez Had ‘Little Money Left’ Says Attorney, Twitter Reacts To Ex-Patriots Star’s Death Comments LATEST HEADLINES Aaron Hernandez’s Sex Life Linked To Murder As Rumors Of Gay Prison Lover Continue Lucy Hale Teases Multiple ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Weddings And More On Dark Aria ‘American Horror Story’ Season 7 Prepares For Jessica Lange Appearance TNA News: Former WWE Tag Team Champion Returns Tonight At ‘Impact Wrestling’ Taping Earth Day Tips 2017: 7 Easy Tips To Save Money And The Environment How Much Money Is America Spending On President Trump? HTC U 11 Release Date Looms, As Fans Air Reservations About Lack Of Headphone Jack, Huge Top And Bottom Bezels Death By Killer Asteroid: If The Impact Itself Doesn’t Get You, These Effects Just Might Bernie Sanders Must Have Forgotten About His Three Houses When He Wrote This Tweet ‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’ Exposes Eating Disorders And Body Shaming In The Transgender Community Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Bernie Sanders Supporters Are Not Going To Unite Behind Perez And Corporate Democrats 10.2k 0 0 WWE Rumors: The Real Reason For Jinder Mahal’s Sudden Mega-Push Into WWE Title Picture 6.4k 0 0 North Korea Drops Nuclear Bomb On US City In Propaganda Video Of WW3 Simulation 6.6k 0 0 Break-Up At Walt Disney World Goes Viral As Guy Adds Insult To Disney Injury With Final Words 2.4k 0 0 Donald Trump Has ‘Dangerous Mental Illness’ And Is Unfit To Be President, Group Of Mental Health Experts Warn 3.3k 0 0 World War 3: Mystic Who Predicted Trump Victory Now Gives Exact Date For WW3, Claims Trump Will Start The War 2.2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Strategy BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 3 steps to improving self-awareness, the powerful workplace tool you're probably lacking Lindsay Dodgson Apr. 21, 2017, 10:59 AM 1,110 facebook linkedin twitter email print Dr Tasha Eurich says she's a business woman first, and a psychologist second. YouTube / TEDx Talks About 95% of people think they have good self-awareness, whereas only about 10-15% of us actually possess this skill. It's a bit like how research has shown how 80% of participants in a study think of themselves as an "above average driver" — it's just not the case. This finding is the result of over three years of research by organisational psychologist Dr Tasha Eurich. She is an internationally recognised coach, speaker, and author, who has dedicated her career to turning people into better leaders. In her new book Insight, Eurich discusses how we are generally very bad judges of ourselves. And that's a shame because it can be a potent workplace tool, she thinks. People who know what drives them, know what their passions are, and understand the impacts they have on the people around them, are more effective. They also seem to be promoted more quickly and have more financially successful businesses. She worked with many of the Fortune 500 companies, including Microsoft, T-Mobile and Walmart, and conducted her own three-year study to understand what self-awareness really is. Business Insider spoke to Eurich to learn why self-awareness is so important and what her tips are for someone who wants to be better at it. It's a very complex and nuanced topic, but this is what she recommended for someone looking to "start their journey." Why you're probably not self-aware About four years ago, Eurich noticed how most people who think they have self-awareness actually don't, and this was hurting their businesses. She found from her own studies and previous research that a common theme is the more power you get and the higher you ascend, the less self-aware you become. This is why she saw a lack of self-awareness quite a lot in unicorn companies which took off suddenly and exponentially. She found from her own studies and previous research that a common theme is the more power you get and the higher you ascend, the less self-aware you become. "The power literally goes to our heads and it makes it difficult for us to understand the impact we're having on other people to take their perspectives," she said. "The power literally goes to our heads and it makes it difficult for us to understand the impact we're having on other people to take their perspectives," she said. One example she gave was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. "He's driven out his president, he's driven out his chief marketing officer, that is like a classic case of a lack of self-awareness," she said. Travis Kalanick experienced a string of high-profile leadership departures at Uber. Reuters Staff Eurich explained that if a CEO is smart, even brilliant, but they have no idea how other people perceive them, eventually they will derail. She said that's she is often brought into companies because the CEO is "not behaving." "At the very least they are going to be ineffective because they can't get people to want to follow them," she said. "A lot of times, un-self-aware leaders at the top that I see who suffer from that problem. They're not respected, they're not effective because they can't get people to jump on board." Also if a CEO isn't clear about what drives them, it's a missed opportunity, and this can become problematic when they have to explain their vision. "A lot of times they blindly chase shareholder returns, and it's just so short sighted and it doesn't ultimately help them be effective," Eurich said. Why self-awareness matters In many cases, Eurich's clients were successful in spite of their behaviour, or lack of self-awareness. In these cases, they might not see any reason to change how they act — after all, they're very powerful the way they are. But Eurich says there will always come a time when you learn how important it is to understand those around you. "Ultimately there's a crisis or a moment of opportunity where you need to listen to the people around you," she said. "Or you make a giant mistake and you've got to eat crow and come clean, and sort of be vulnerable and courageous." Often when Eurich explains to those in charge how people really perceive them, they are shocked. She jokes that she gets paid to tell really powerful people the truth when everyone else is afraid to. But when she starts to see a change in their management styles, it's quite remarkable. "The higher up you go, a dramatic turn around in self-awareness from one person literally has a ripple effect all the way to the customers and the shareholders," she said. 3 steps to improving self-awareness Self-awareness is impossible to achieve overnight, but these are the three steps Eurich recommended as a good place to start: 1. Commit to learning the truth about yourself. Even if the truth is scary or intimidating, choose to face up to yourself. Stop trying to see yourself through rose-tinted spectacles, and question the assumption that just because nobody is challenging you on your decisions, that everything you're doing is right. Being open-minded, Eurich says, makes you braver and wiser. 2. Find a "loving critic." This is someone who you trust and who you know wants you to be successful. However, it has to be someone who will also be completely honest and direct with you. You could find a board member or someone on your level who knows you really well, ideally who sees you every day. Ask them what you're doing well and what you're not, and you might be surprised how insightful it is. 3. Think about getting a coach. There are many amazing executive coaches, Eurich says, but there are also a lot of really terrible ones. If you find someone who can help you evaluate the perceptions of yourself in your company, and help you plan a couple of things to work on, you might see some dramatic improvements. NOW WATCH: After listening to 74 books on Audible I am convinced it is a better way to 'read' Loading video... More: Careers Jobs Psychology Sociology Management People self-awareness Success Work Workplace facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 3 steps to improving self-awareness, the powerful workplace tool you're probably lacking 3 steps to improving self-awareness, the powerful workplace tool you're probably lacking About 95% of people think they have good... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Strategy Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions April 21, 2017 73° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Mainly clear. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 21, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 2 HOGP FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) Danielle Jester Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey, right, speaks during a press conference in Yreka, Calif., Thursday, April 20, 2017. A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, April 20, 2017, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. (Danielle Jester/Siskiyou Daily News via AP) AP Lawyer: Kidnapped 15-year-old girl back home in Tennessee By SHEILA BURKE Associated Press Apr 21, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago (…) HOGP FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) Danielle Jester Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon Lopey, right, speaks during a press conference in Yreka, Calif., Thursday, April 20, 2017. A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, April 20, 2017, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. (Danielle Jester/Siskiyou Daily News via AP) COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — A 15-year-old Tennessee student who was allegedly kidnapped by her teacher and taken to California is back home, a lawyer for the girl's family said Friday. The girl is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma, lawyer Jason Whatley said in a press release. "There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning," Whatley said. He said the girl is in a safe location with friends and family and is now resting. Authorities credit the caretaker of a remote northern California property for helping police find her and arrest her alleged abductor, fired teacher Tad Cummins. After Griffin Barry became suspicious of two people he initially thought were in distress, his tip led police to the teacher accused of kidnapping his student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey. Barry said the pair told him their names were John and Joanna and they needed money for food, gas and a place to stay, ABC News Good Morning America reported Friday (http://abcn.ws/2pKHq16). But Barry, 29, said he became suspicious when the older man tried to keep the teen away. "The girl wasn't really looking at me or anything and he was always dominating the conversation. That kind of clues people in," Barry said. After seeing a photo of Cummins in an Amber Alert, Barry said he made the connection and called authorities. The Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office sent a tactical unit to the cabin Thursday morning. Cummins was arrested after he came out the cabin with the girl walking behind him, the sheriff's office said. Cummins was cooperative with law enforcement, Siskiyou Sheriff Jon E. Lopey told the Associated Press. He said the girl was at times "laughing, crying and acting stoic" after police found her at the remote cabin. "These two had a relationship to the extent where she didn't exhibit any anger toward him. I didn't observe any emotional distress," he said. "She didn't act like a rescued person would act," showing no signs of elation, he said. She appeared fine physically, Lopey said, and there were no signs of trauma. In the cabin, he said, was a single sleeping pad and clothing along with the two loaded guns — a 9mm and a .380 compact pistol. Lopey said the two had previously been at a commune called Black Bear Ranch, but "didn't get along" with commune residents and ended up leaving. The sheriff said the two had stopped in Berkeley first and that's how they found out about the commune. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Cummins faces federal and state charges. Before leaving with the girl, Cummins had been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's silver Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, triggering a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The girl's father has told news media he believes his daughter was brainwashed. Cummins also faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Before disappearing, Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. __ Associated Press writer Kristin J. Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Missing Persons Kidnapping Crime Violent Crime Arrests Law And Order Locations Tennessee United States North America California Columbia Guymon Oklahoma Oklahoma City Popular Dothan attorney Mike Gamble dead at age 65 Dothan's Tent City celebrates Good Friday Maddox home a contemporary dream of light and art Updated: fourth suspect in Eufaula Winn-Dixie shooting charged with attempted murder Barbour County Sheriff on audit report: 'I'm not taking money' Schools locked down as armed robbery suspect flees Eufaula Econo Lodge Two arrested in connection with local burglaries Cottonwood man to serve probation in child pornography case City awarded custody of animals found at alleged puppy mill in Dothan Dothan bail bondsman faces drug charge Contests Salute to Nurses 2017 Water World Season Passes Giveaway The Miracle Worker Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close Cummins featured Fleeing with student, teacher took guns, cash and wife's car Apr 21, 2017 Updated 15 hrs ago 0 Cummins COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife's car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators.  The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff's deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end," Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl's family said Thursday evening. "We're anxiously awaiting word on her condition." A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school's investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Cummins × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Religion Calendar Local briefs Law and Order 4-22-17 Fire Rescue 4-22-17 St. Joseph School wins clean school award Weeden Elementary seeking shoe donation City, lawmakers discuss ag center again Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Should WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange be charged for acquiring and leaking classified information to the media? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Target Takes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe For Nintendo Switch Launch Seriously Posted: Apr 21 2017, 10:01am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 21 2017, 10:04am CDT, in News | Technology News   Gallery 3 images   Starting today you can shop in Mario Kart themed shopping carts in Target Stores. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch will be released on April 28. Today, Target stores start to celebrate the new Mario Kart game in over 650 stores. Don't Miss: The best Deal on a new Samsung Galaxy S8 Shoppers can grab one of the specially designed Super Target Karts featuring Mario, Luigi and Princess Peach. Prepare to get in a fight to drive one of these on your next shopping trip. Better leave your kids at home, else you have to wait hours until that Princess Peach kart is finally free. The Target Mario Kart fun starts outside with bollards disguised as Mario and Luigi. Walking through Target doors will trigger motion sensors that fire up flashing lights and play Mario’s catchy theme song. Target has advertised the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in the new weekly ad, valid starting Sunday, April 23. While hunting down a Nintendo Switch on Sunday, shoppers also get treated to whole Nintendo experience at Target.  The Nintendo Switch continues to be a hard to find item. The supply has slowed down in past days. Walmart stores seem to be the best option today to find a Nintendo Switch in stock. Amazon Prime members can still save 20% on Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. Nintendo announced to have sold over 900,000 Switch consoles in March. The Switch is the fastest selling console in Nintendo's history. To find a Nintendo Switch in stock on Easter, read our updated Nintendo Switch Easter Shopping Guide. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Nintendo Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017. Sony and Microsoft will have a hard time to battle the Switch in Holiday sales. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rests in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region is playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system includes the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two versions of the system are available: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con.  Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  Gallery 3 images This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Have Google Play Music as its Default Music App 7 hours ago, 6:20pm CDT ToysRUs Restocks Nintendo Switch on April 28 15 hours ago, 10:26am CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores 16 hours ago, 9:28am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now Daily 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Earth Through the Rings of Saturn 2 hours ago Qoros K-EV Concept Debuts at 2017 Shanghai Auto Show 6 hours ago 2018 Maserati Ghibli Spied 6 hours ago 2018 Genesis G80 Sport Trim Price is $55250 6 hours ago Tesla Mobile App Adds New Powerwall and Solar Integration 6 hours ago World’s First Electric Flying Car Successfully Completes its First Test Flight 6 hours ago, 6:58pm CDT 11 American Actors Among the Times 100 Most Influential People of 2017 7 hours ago, 6:38pm CDT Hobbits Evolved from an Ancestor in Africa Not from a Modern Human 7 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT X Files Season 11 Confirmed: 5 Facts to Know Before Watching on Fox 11 hours ago, 2:25pm CDT Snapchat and Instagram are Most Popular Social Media Networks Among American Teens 11 hours ago, 2:15pm CDT Game of Thrones Season 7 Photos: 10 Things To Know 13 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores Target Takes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch Launch Seriously   Naked Mole-Rats Can Survive Without Oxygen NES Classic Stock Pops Up at Walmart Stores Technology News Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Have Google Play Music as its Default Music App 7 hours ago, 6:20pm CDT ToysRUs Restocks Nintendo Switch on April 28 15 hours ago, 10:26am CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores 16 hours ago, 9:28am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now Daily 16 hours ago, 9:12am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Earth Through the Rings of Saturn 2 hours ago Qoros K-EV Concept Debuts at 2017 Shanghai Auto Show 6 hours ago 2018 Maserati Ghibli Spied 6 hours ago 2018 Genesis G80 Sport Trim Price is $55250 6 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     ToysRUs Restocks Nintendo Switch On April 28 Posted: Apr 21 2017, 10:26am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   In time of the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe release, ToysRUs stores are said to restock the Nintendo Switch. The launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28 is also bringing a new wave of Nintendo Switch inventory. ToysRUs is restocking the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles on the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe release day. The information comes from a verified TRU contact on reddit. April 28 is a Friday, which is a bit unusual restocking day for ToysRUs. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock There is still a week time until the Nintendo Switch gets restocked at ToysRUs stores, if the information is correct. We received in the past announcements directly from ToysRUs about upcoming Switch sales events.  This Sunday Target is restocking the Nintendo Switch console. Target has advertised the $299.99 Nintendo Switch in the new weekly ad, valid starting Sunday, April 23.  The Nintendo Switch continues to be a hard to find item. The supply has slowed down in past days. Walmart stores seem to be the best option today to find a Nintendo Switch in stock. Amazon Prime members can still save 20% on Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. Nintendo announced to have sold over 900,000 Switch consoles in March. The Switch is the fastest selling console in Nintendo's history. To find a Nintendo Switch in stock on Easter, read our updated Nintendo Switch Easter Shopping Guide. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Nintendo Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017. Sony and Microsoft will have a hard time to battle the Switch in Holiday sales. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rests in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region is playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system includes the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two versions of the system are available: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con.  Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Have Google Play Music as its Default Music App 6 hours ago, 6:20pm CDT Target Takes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch Launch Seriously 15 hours ago, 10:01am CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores 15 hours ago, 9:28am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now Daily 15 hours ago, 9:12am CDT Earth Through the Rings of Saturn 2 hours ago Qoros K-EV Concept Debuts at 2017 Shanghai Auto Show 5 hours ago 2018 Maserati Ghibli Spied 5 hours ago 2018 Genesis G80 Sport Trim Price is $55250 5 hours ago Tesla Mobile App Adds New Powerwall and Solar Integration 5 hours ago World’s First Electric Flying Car Successfully Completes its First Test Flight 6 hours ago, 6:58pm CDT 11 American Actors Among the Times 100 Most Influential People of 2017 6 hours ago, 6:38pm CDT Hobbits Evolved from an Ancestor in Africa Not from a Modern Human 6 hours ago, 6:06pm CDT X Files Season 11 Confirmed: 5 Facts to Know Before Watching on Fox 10 hours ago, 2:25pm CDT Snapchat and Instagram are Most Popular Social Media Networks Among American Teens 10 hours ago, 2:15pm CDT Game of Thrones Season 7 Photos: 10 Things To Know 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores Target Takes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch Launch Seriously   Naked Mole-Rats Can Survive Without Oxygen NES Classic Stock Pops Up at Walmart Stores Technology News Samsung Galaxy S8 Will Have Google Play Music as its Default Music App 6 hours ago, 6:20pm CDT Target Takes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for Nintendo Switch Launch Seriously 15 hours ago, 10:01am CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Spotted at Walmart Stores 15 hours ago, 9:28am CDT NES Classic Edition in Stock at Amazon Prime Now Daily 15 hours ago, 9:12am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Earth Through the Rings of Saturn 2 hours ago Qoros K-EV Concept Debuts at 2017 Shanghai Auto Show 5 hours ago 2018 Maserati Ghibli Spied 5 hours ago 2018 Genesis G80 Sport Trim Price is $55250 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Contact Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register April 22nd, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Local News Provincial News National News World News Fleeing with student, teacher took guns, cash and wife’s car Poll Do you support TransAlta’s plan to phase out coal-fired power plants ahead of the gov’t deadline? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Sheila Burke, The Associated Press on April 21, 2017. FILE - In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) COLUMBIA, Tenn. – Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife’s car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife’s white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. “It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and travelled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity,” the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff’s deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. “The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end,” Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl’s family said Thursday evening. “We’re anxiously awaiting word on her condition.” A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometres) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school’s investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended – a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher’s wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. __ Associated Press writer Kristin Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: This Category Fuels Costco's Success The company prices one item well below other warehouse clubs. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 21, 2017 at 10:20AM For Costco (NASDAQ:COST), success or failure comes down to driving membership sales. Since the chain makes about 75% of its profit from membership fees, it can afford to price its merchandise and services below rival retailers. That's a huge advantage that drives traffic to its stores while reinforcing the value of being a member. If a customer regularly buys an item from the retailer, whether it's breakfast cereal, aspirin, single-serve coffee pods, or even something needed less often like a hearing aid, car tires, or eyeglasses, they become more likely to renew their membership. The biggest driver of that loyalty may be Costco's gas stations, where the chain prices its gasoline dramatically cheaper than its direct competition. In fact, according to new research from CSP Daily News, which partnered with Oil Price Information Service (OPIS), Costco not only has cheaper gas than stations it directly competes with, but it's also less expensive than other warehouse club chains. Low gas prices are a major part of the fuel that powers Costco's engine and likely a key factor in both attracting members and keeping people renewing their memberships. Costco offers cheaper gas than its rivals. Image source: Getty Images. How much cheaper is Costco? OPIS uses the term "price differential" to show how gas at a brand's typical store is priced relative to its direct competition, according to CSP. That differential is then measured in cents per gallon (CPG) and the three major warehouse clubs -- Costco, Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) Sam's Club, and BJ's -- ranked Nos. 1, 3, and 4, respectively, in terms of having the biggest price differential. BJ's came in fourth place on CSP's Fuels 50: 10 Low-Price Leaders list, scoring a 10.91 CPG price differential while Sam's Club took second place at 11.47 CPG. Costco blew its two rivals out of the water, delivering a 20.88 CPG differential, a large enough difference that consumers likely notice and it may be the deciding factor to go with one chain over the other. OPIS Global Head of Energy Analysis Tom Kloza explained that Costco has "the greatest ability to buy cheap and smart." He added that the company's 500 gas stations made over $9 billion in 2016 fuel sales in 2016. "We all know if there was a market-efficiency rating for Costco, it would be off the charts," Kloza was quoted as saying. "Fuel serves as a lure to sell memberships, where the real money is made. Gas is the magic elixir for that company. It really props up the frequency -- and for Costco, it's all about the frequency." Why is frequency important? The more a shopper visits Costco (or any other warehouse club), the more likely he or she is to see value in being a member. Gas is a recurring purchase that brings people to Costco and once they are there, in at least some cases, a member will park, enter the store, and make other purchases. Costco has made a strategic decision to use gasoline as a lure, a perk designed to attract and retain members. It's doing so more aggressively than even BJ's or Sam's Club -- a smart decision since consumers cannot gas up their cars on the internet. Cheap gas on its own likely keeps some people renewing their membership year after year while it's an important piece of the puzzle for others. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 21, 2017 at 10:20AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.94 up $0.14 (0.19%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $170.77 up $0.62 (0.36%) Read More Costco May Have Nothing to Fear From Amazon 3 Things Costco Management Wants Investors to Know What to Watch for When Costco Reports Q2 Results Costco Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know Costco Boosts Membership Fees, Hoping to Reverse Sliding Profits Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current This Category Fuels Costco's Success @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $COST
ADVERTISEMENT Menu Donate Membership Search for: Donate Membership News Articles Business Career Commentary Culture Ethics Fact-Checking Local Innovation Leadership Legal Safety Storytelling/Reporting Tips/Training Tips/Training: How to fly drones for journalism in the U.S. About six months ago, we bought a drone to help us cover stories at the Yakima Herald-Republic, a daily newspaper in Yakima, Washington. We’d seen other people’s drone footage … Read More Image courtesy of Pabak Sarkar Online Learning: Tools for Mobile Journalism Discover the best apps, tips and tricks for 2016 in our webinar on May 25. Enroll Now > Home News (MediaWire) Training Events Support Poynter Careers About Contact Photo by Tom Cawthon, The Poynter Institute. Tips/Training One last lesson from Don Murray, America’s greatest writing coach By Roy Peter Clark • April 21, 2017 Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) There were five huge boxes sitting at the loading dock of The Poynter Institute yesterday, waiting for the FedEx truck to pick them up. They are filled with more than 125 file boxes containing the literary effects of Donald M. Murray, in my opinion the most influential writing teacher America has ever known. The precious content of those boxes — including 100 of Murray’s experimental daybooks — are now headed home where they belong: to the University of New Hampshire. Our hope is that students, teachers, scholars, and journalists will now be able to get their eyes and hands on those documents. When they do, they will see a writer and a teacher hard at work, trying to make sense of the English language and the writing process, and trying to help all of us get better as writers. Good writing may look like magic, Murray argued time and again, but the magic is produced by a rational process, a set of steps. Part of Murray’s genius was his ability to make that argument, to demonstrate it, without making writing feel robotic. Creative acts will still be filled with mystery, and Murray tapped into that energy as well. He was always waiting to learn what surprises were ahead of him as he sat down early each morning to write. Murray. Photo via University of New Hampshire. Murray had a profound influence on those of us who taught writing at Poynter. If I was Arthur, he was Merlin. If I was Frodo, he was Gandalf. If I was Luke Skywalker, he was Yoda — only a very big Yoda with a round face, a Santa beard, and a wardrobe — with suspenders — purchased at Walmart. Don and I arrived at common ground from opposite directions, like two trains in an algebra equation. He flunked out of high school twice, experienced World War II as a paratrooper, got an English degree from UNH in 1948 and headed for a Boston newspaper. In 1954, at the age of 29, he won the Pulitzer Prize for editorial writing for a long series of opinions on military preparedness. He was the youngest writer ever to win this prize. A decade later, he returned to UNH as a writing teacher and became one of the founding parents of an approach to composition teaching that emphasized process as well as product. His approach to writing helped changed the way it was taught at every educational level. At professional conferences, he held, but did not desire, a kind of papal status, and his disciples, including me, maintained a zealous appreciation of him as a kind of tribal leader of the word. I came to journalism from the opposite direction, as a teacher of literature and composition, hired to coach writers at the St. Petersburg Times in 1977. He was hired to coach at The Boston Globe, developed a popular column there, and continued to write almost every day until his death in 2006 at the age of 82. In 1995, Poynter published an essay by Murray titled “Writer in the Newsroom.” We still distribute it, in monograph form, on special occasions. Like Elvis in Las Vegas, the Don Murray papers have left the Poynter building. In honor of their odyssey back home to New Hampshire, we publish here some of the highlights of Murray’s essay. Writer in the newsroom: A lifetime apprenticeship By Don Murray Sixty-one years ago Miss Chapman looked down at me and said, “Donald, you are the class editor.” So much for career planning. Forty-seven years ago, after having survived infantry combat, college, and a first marriage, I found myself in the city room of the old Boston Herald, determined to learn the newspaper craft and get back to writing great poems. Now, at 70, I return each morning to my writing desk apprenticed to the writer’s craft. Monday morning I write my column for the Boston Globe; Tuesday through Sunday I draft yet another book on writing, a novel, a poem. Unemployed, I am blessed by not having to take weekends and holidays off, do not suffer any vacations. “Nulla dies sine linea” [Never a day without a line]: Horace, Pliny, Trollope, Updike. Chaucer said, “The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.” I now know he did not speak with complaint but with gratitude. The Japanese artist Hokusai testified: “I have drawn things since I was six. All that I made before the age of 65 is not worth counting. At 73, I began to understand the true construction of animals, plants, trees, birds, fishes, and insects. At 90, I will enter into the secret of things. At 110, everything — every dot, every dash — will live.” My bones may creak, I may live on a diet of pills, I may forget names, but when I shuffle down to my computer I see Miss Chapman standing in the corner of the room, nodding encouragement. A lapsed Baptist, I bear witness to the salvation of a writing life. I do not testify for all writers, just this apprentice to a craft I can never learn. The sculptor Henry Moore said: “The secret of life is to have a task, something you devote your whole life to, something you bring everything to, every minute of the day for your whole life. And the most important thing is — it must be something you cannot possibly do!” I evangelize. I wish you failure. I hope you have not yet learned to write but are still learning. If you are confident of your craft and are writing without terror and failure, I hope you will learn how to escape your craft and write so badly you will surprise yourself with what you say and how your are saying it…. I do not consciously seek; I lie in wait, accepting the lines and images that float through my mind, sometimes making mental notes, sometimes scribbled ones. I live in a curious and delightful state of intense awareness and casual reflection that is difficult to describe. Perhaps it is like those moments in combat when the shooting and the shelling stop and you can hunker down behind a rock wall and rest. In a poem I wrote a few weeks ago, I found myself saying that I was “Among the dead, the dying,/ more alive than I have ever been.” At that moment in combat I celebrated life, noticing the way a blade of grass recovers from a boot, studying how the sky is reflected in a puddle in the mud, even enjoying the perfume of the horse manure the farmer will use to nurture the spring planting — if there is a spring…. Readers create their own drafts as they read mine, they read the family history of their own blood. Reporters and writers — indeed all artists — set up shop where there is birth and death, success and defeat, love and loneliness, joy and despair. After I leave my writing desk, I lead a double life. I am a mole, living an ordinary life of errands, chores, conversations with friends, reading, watching TV, eating and — at the same time — I am a spy to my life, maintaining an alertness to the commonplace, the ordinary, the routine where the really important stories appear. I am never bored. I overhear what is said and not said, delight in irony and contradiction, relish answers without questions and questions without answers, take note of what is and what should be, what was and what may be. I imagine, speculate, make believe, remember, reflect. I am always traitor to the predictable, always welcoming to the unexpected…. I write easily, and that is no accident. I remind myself that John Jerome said, “Perfect is the enemy of good” and follow William Stafford’s advice that “one should lower his standards.” I write fast to outrace the censor and cause the instructive failures that are essential to effective writing. I write to say I do not know. That is my terror and my joy. I start a column with a line or an image, an island at the edge of the horizon that has not been mapped. And I do not finish the column unless I write what I do not expect to write 40 or 60 percent of the way through. My drafts tell me what I have to say. That is true of my nonfiction books, my fiction, my poetry. I follow the evolving draft. … I look back at that thin – no longer skinny – young man in the Boston Herald city room so long ago and realize that I did with dumb instinct what I do by design today. After walking on my first byline when the cleaning women put the first edition down to protect a scrubbed floor, I developed a healthy disinterest in what I had published. I felt no loyalty to what I had said and how I had said it. When I learned how to write a story the way the editor wanted it, I experienced a playful desire to unlearn it, to see if I could do it differently. I kept saying I wonder what would happen if … And today each draft is an experiment. I try short leads and long leads, telling the story all in dialogue or with no dialogue, starting at the end and moving backward, using a voice that I have not tried before, making up words when the dictionary fails. I sought mentors, asking people at other desks how they were able to write a story I admired. I asked the best reporters if I could go along on my own as they reported a story. They were surprised and said yes; but when the union got wind of it, I was told to knock it off. I looked at the assignment book and freelanced stories that were not scheduled to be covered. I tried features on my own and surprised editors with stories they did not expect — and often did not want. I wrote weddings and fashions for a suburban weekly, volunteered to review books, freelanced on Saturday for the sports department, took graduate writing courses at Boston University and wrote stories so experimental I could not even figure out what they meant. I drove Eddie Devin, the best editor on the city desk, home at 1 a.m., put a fifth of whiskey on the kitchen table, handed him a week’s carbons of my stories, and was taught how I could improve. I read compulsively to see what others writers can do and I still do today; I hunted down craft interviews such as the Paris Review Writers at Work series and copied down the lessons I learned about my craft, and I still do that today… I wish you a craft you can never learn — but can keep learning as long as you live. What to read next AUTHOR INFORMATION Roy Peter Clark Senior Scholar Roy Peter Clark has taught writing at Poynter to students of all ages since 1979. He has served the Institute as its first full-time faculty member, dean, vice-president, and senior scholar. He contributes regularly to Poynter.org on topics such as writing, reporting, editing, coaching writers, reading, language and politics, American culture, ethics, and the standards and practices of journalism. He is the author or editor of eighteen books. His most recent include Writing Tools, The Glamour of Grammar, Help! For Writers, How to Write Short, and The Art of X-ray Reading. Comments View/Add Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Jobs Video Editor - Mellville, NY Radio Editor - Boston Executive Producer of Television - Boston Communications Coordinator - DC Director/Journalism - Miami, FL (' - 33131) Regional Reporter Western Slope - Grand Junction, CO Editor/Producer Community Content - Denver Metro, CO Full Stack Developer - Washington, DC (' - 20007) Enterprise CMS Developer - DC Assistant Professor, Emerging Design & Development - Muncie Find A Job   Post A Job   ADVERTISEMENT Contact Us Email Directory Advertising Information General Information Seminars & Events E-learning & NewsU Accounting & Billing Faculty & Staff The Poynter Institute 801 Third Street South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 (727) 821—9494 © Copyright 2017 Follow Us Links Support Poynter Advertise Guidelines About Jobs Newsletters Sign up Poynter offers range of newsletters to keep you informed and up-to-date. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
St George News 59 82/56 Sun 89/58 Mon 83/59 Mesquite police offer VIN inspection, OHV registration Written by Julie Applegate April 21, 2017 Stock image, St. George News MESQUITE, Nev. – Officers from the Mesquite Police Department will be available to perform vehicle identification number, or VIN, inspections for off-highway and motor vehicles at Wal-Mart in Mesquite this Saturday and again May 13, from 7:30-10:30 a.m. Officers will provide all of the necessary paperwork. The department will mail the registration paperwork to the Department of Motor Vehicles for those residents who bring a check for the registration fee. Checks should be made out payable to the DMV. Overtime wages and ads for this event were paid for by a grant through the Nevada Commission on Off-Highway Vehicles. Look for more information soon on the newly designed commission website offroadnevada.org Off-highway vehicle registration in Nevada was implemented in 2012, Nevada Off-Highway Vehicle program director Jennifer Scanland said in a written statement. “But the first year was voluntary to give folks time to get used to the registration,” she said. In Utah, every off-highway vehicle operated or transported within the state must be registered. Vehicles that were made in or after 1998 must also have a title. Each off-highway vehicle owner must pay a registration fee at the time of initial registration and annually after that. Details What: VIN inspections and registration for Nevada off-highway and motor vehicles. When: Saturday, April 22 and Saturday, May 13, 7:30-10:30 a.m. Where: Wal-Mart, 1120 West Pioneer Blvd, Mesquite, Nevada. More information: Mesquite Police Department’s Facebook page. Email: japplegate@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved. Related Stories Hatch, Stewart propose transfer of Sand Mountain OHV area to county management 1 Polaris recalls nearly 13,500 OHVs over fire concerns 2 OHV damaged as trailer spins on SR-18 Mesquite police offer VIN inspection, OHV registration Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Julie Applegate is a long-time resident and fan of Southern Utah. She brings a strong background in news writing and editing to the St. George News team. Julie is excited to be back in the news business after spending several years in the software industry. Julie believes strongly in the role of responsible news media in society, especially at the local level. In her spare time, Julie can be found exploring Southern Utah on foot and by four wheel drive, or spending time with her family. Posted in Local, NewsTagged all-terrain vehicles, atv, Mesquite Police Department, Off-highway vehicles, ohv, registration, VIN Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Home News Local News Regional News World News Politics Crime Court Business Mining Health The Piper Opinion Letters Sports Search 24 C Georgetown, Guyana Saturday, April 22, 2017 Home Entertainment Environment Advertise Contact Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. INews Guyana Home News Local News Regional News World News Politics Crime Court Business Mining Health The Piper Opinion Letters Sports Home Regional Venezuela state oil company gave cash to Trump inauguration Regional Venezuela state oil company gave cash to Trump inauguration April 21, 2017 0 104 (Getty Images) (BBC) Venezuela has donated $500,000 to US President Donald Trump’s inauguration, newly released records show. Citgo Petroleum, a US-based subsidiary of the Venezuelan state-owned oil company, is named in papers filed with the Federal Election Commission. The revelation comes as the Venezuelan economy appears to be crippled by food shortages, violent crime and inflation. Three people were killed in protests on Wednesday as tens of thousands took to the streets to demand new elections Other major corporations named in the documents include Pepsi and Walmart, which gave $250,000 and $150,000 respectively, while owners of NFL teams or their companies gave more than $5m. Casino owner and billionaire Sheldon Adelson also gave $5m. Business as usual – Analysis by Luis Fajardo, BBC Mundo Venezuela is in the middle of a major economic crisis, which has the oil-rich country flirting with hyperinflation. This Wednesday, street protests demanding the resignation of President Nicolas Maduro resulted in at least two persons shot dead. In this chaotic context, it is perhaps less surprising that Venezuelan media did not seem to dedicate much time to cover the news that their government gave, through a state-owned oil company, a US$500,000 contribution to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Still, some analysts in Venezuela are expressing anger at the news. “We have been experiencing four consecutive years of recession, we have the highest inflation in the world and are facing scarcity in many basic goods. It is scandalous that Venezuela, facing such a crisis, would make those donations to the inauguration of a US president, who at least in theory, is ideologically confronted with the revolution,” Jose Manuel Puente, a professor of public policy at IESA university in Caracas, tells the BBC. The payment was reportedly made through Citgo, a US subsidiary of Venezuelan state-owned oil company PDVSA. It is not the first time Citgo has been involved in politically controversial activities in the US. President Maduro’s predecessor, Hugo Chavez, used the company a few years ago to provide subsidised fuel to low-income citizens in several major US cities. His critics said then it was a propaganda ploy designed to annoy his ideological rivals at the White House. But now the Maduro administration would seem to be in a less confrontational mode towards Washington. The Venezuelan president has recently been quoted saying that Trump has been the target of a “brutal hate campaign” and added that he “won’t be worse than Obama”. “The (Bolivarian) revolution is pragmatic,” Puente tells the BBC. “Eighteen years after the beginning of the revolution, the US is still their main trading partner. It is business as usual”. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related TAGS Venezuela state oil company gave cash to Trump inauguration SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleTwo of former President Donald Ramotar’s children sent on admin leave Next articleEconomy still in a slump, Govt working on reversing slowdown- Harmon INEWS RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR latest news U.S./Jamaica World Relays showdown starts tomorrow latest news WICB ‘frustrated’ by Bravo damages claim latest news Pakistan win toss, send Windies in to bat in first Test latest news T&T businessman selected as UWI Chancellor latest news “Happy child” accidentally hangs self from rope swing in Trinidad Regional Venezuela crisis: Three killed at anti-government protests LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Articles Doctors begin training to detect microcephaly in expectant mothers Health INews - April 21, 2017 0 The Ministry of Public Health in collaboration with the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC) and RAD-AID International today, hosted a training workshop for Government... Sister charged, remanded for alleged murder of brother Court INEWS - April 21, 2017 0 The young woman who allegedly murdered her brother was on Friday morning remanded to prison when she appeared before Chief Magistrate, Ann McLennan to... Venezuela death toll soars to 20 in weeks of protests latest news INews - April 21, 2017 0 (AFP) The number of people killed in three weeks of street protests against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro soared to 20 on Friday after one... U.S./Jamaica World Relays showdown starts tomorrow latest news INews - April 21, 2017 0 (Jamaica Observer) With Jamaica currently holding two of the eight world relay records in the men’s 4x100m and 4x200m, members of Jamaica’s team arrived... Raina assault too hot for Knight Riders latest news INews - April 21, 2017 0 Suresh Raina displayed all the elements that have made him a T20 stalwart - strong bottom hand, powerful wrists, tactful strike-rotation, fierce ball-striking and... Ed Ahmad gets reduced 2 years sentence for mortgage fraud Court INEWS - April 21, 2017 0 Popular New York based Guyanese businessman Edul Ahmad, was  earlier on Friday sentenced to two years in prison for running a $US 3 million... Cabinet extends deadline for education COI report latest news INews - April 21, 2017 0 The deadline for the report on the Commission of Inquiry (COI) into the state of the education system has been extended by a month. Technical... Mazaruni shallow grave murder: Implicated employer, worker to be charged- Budhram Crime INEWS - April 21, 2017 0 The employer and a colleague of the miner whose decomposed body was found in a shallow grave at Karrau Backdam, Mazaruni, Region Seven, on... Citizens have a duty to protect the earth’s resources to ensure sustenance – President... Environment INews - April 21, 2017 0 In recognition of International Earth Day, which will be observed tomorrow (22 April), the Ministry of the Presidency, Department of Environment, held a  special ceremony ... South Africa bus crash kills 20 children latest news INews - April 21, 2017 0 (AFP) At least 20 children were killed in a bus crash outside the South African capital Pretoria on Friday, emergency services said, as paramedics... Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 4,395 other subscribers Email Address ABOUT USINEWS GUYANA is your #1 news, current events and entertainment website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from Guyana. Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US © 2017 INEWS Guyana. Website Solution/Maintenance by GxMedia. MORE STORIES Doctors begin training to detect microcephaly in expectant mothers April 21, 2017 Sister charged, remanded for alleged murder of brother April 21, 2017 Venezuela death toll soars to 20 in weeks of protests April 21, 2017
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows Program Schedule Rob Snyder Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Insane Inflatable 5K Calendar Game Schedule Sports News Hotties Babe Of The Day Contact Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter subscribe via RSS Trending Now RIP Spike Dykes TTU Football Coverage TTU Baseball 2017 Schedule Patrick Mahomes All Sports News Fan Game Schedule This Time, There’s a Recall That Could Affect Your Kids By Boleo April 21, 2017 8:50 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter CREDIT: US CPSC Not a day goes by that we don’t hear of another recall, but this one is troubling since it involves a popular children’s toy. The Consumer Product Safety Commission has announced that the Razor Ripstick motorized caster boards have been recalled due to a fall hazard. This recall affects 158,000 boards, and according to the CPSC, the following injuries have occurred: Razor has received more than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. The boards were sold at: “Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017 for about $180.” If you have one of these boards you are encouraged to contact Razor by visiting their website and requesting a repair kit that should take care of the problem. But until you do that, do not let anyone use the boards. MORE RECALLS HERE Get Our Newsletter for More Recalls, Local News & More BONUS P.F. Chang’s Construction Underway in Lubbock       MORE New Chick-fil-A Coming to Lubbock       Category: Lubbock News | News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 The Fan Laying the Smackdown on ESPN’s Jemele Hill for Mixing Sports & Politics Lubbock 4-Year-Old’s Adorable Horned Toad Video Goes Viral Lubbock Police Release Dashcam Footage of Officer’s Crash [Video] Ric Flair ‘The Nature Boy’ Will Be in Lubbock Meeting Fans May 12th [VIDEO] Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Rob Snyder Rob Breaux Meet The Staff Find Us on Facebook The Latest From 1340 The Fan Laying the Smackdown on ESPN’s Jemele Hill for Mixing Sports & Politics April 21, 2017 5:49 PM Lubbock 4-Year-Old’s Adorable Horned Toad Video Goes Viral April 21, 2017 4:53 PM Lubbock Police Release Dashcam Footage of Officer’s Crash [Video] April 21, 2017 3:55 PM Juli Annee – Babe of the Day April 21, 2017 2:42 PM See All Latest News 1340 The Fan's Daily Deal $25 Gift Card to Power House Nutrition Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lubbock Business Listings Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://1340thefan.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Register Now Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Never Miss the Latest News from SportsRadio 1340 The Fan. Like Us on Facebook SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Government Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Government Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton City Council Carter County Mayor asks Elizabethton Council for increased funding for animal shelter John Thompson • Apr 19, 2017 at 11:08 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — Carter County Mayor Leon Humphrey laid out his case Wednesday for Elizabethton City Council to increase city funding for the Elizabethton/Carter County Animal Shelter next year. The county mayor's appearance at the second of two council budget workshops came two days after Elizabethton City Manager Jerome Kitchens presented his proposed budget, a proposal that would keep the city's funding for the joint city and county facility at last year's level. Several council members expressed concern that Elizabethton has no input into the increased operating expenses for the shelter this year, although the council did honor its pledge in a memorandum of understanding for the city to provide funds for half the cost, with the county providing the other half. Councilman Richard Tester said the city should have input in setting the shelter's budget if it is going to split the costs with the county. There were also conflicting stances between Humphrey and the City Council on the legal aspects of the city-county agreement to operate the shelter. There was some discussion, but most of the talk was deferred because the city's attorney, Roger Day, was not present. In his presentation, Humphrey told the Council that until last year, the shelter's operating budget was seriously underfunded in several areas, including food, cleaning supplies and medicine. The mayor said that even though the shelter had received donations of food and supplies from such organizations as Walmart, the animals did not get enough food. He said the shelter was being cleaned with only water and bleach, and that the shelter was using sawdust instead of cat litter, which added to respiratory infections. Humphrey said the result was an epidemic, which killed many cats last summer. He said he did not begin to understand the needs of the shelter until he started getting phone calls from residents who were worried about the operation of the shelter. It was then that he began to read the recommended protocols for operating a healthy shelter. After Humphrey's presentation, the council focused on the two largest enterprise funds of the city: the Electric Department and the Water Resources Division. Kitchens and Water Resource Division General Manager Johann Coetzee said the city continues to play catch up on fixing the many water leaks in the system while keeping water affordable for customers. If the city remains on schedule for meeting its targets, Kitchens said the water loss program would still take 15 to 20 years to complete. One part of the loss reduction program is funded by Community Development Block Grants. Coetzee said $185,000 remains on the current grant. Work is scheduled in the East Side area, Hatcher Lane, Bob Little Road, Earl Avenue and Golf Course Acres, until the grant is used up. Coetzee said the city cannot obtain another Community Development Block Grant until the current one has been used up. Rob Toney, general manager of the Electric Department, said he has presented a very conservative estimate of sales for next year. He said plans call for replacing a 60-foot bucket truck and a digger derrick truck this year. He said there are no large capital projects scheduled for next year. Council members also discussed employee pay. Several department heads said they were losing workers to higher-paying cities and departments. There is currently only a $500 one-time bonus for each full-time employee and a $250 bonus for each part-time employee in the proposed budget. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Gaming Think Twice Before Getting Excited for Nintendo’s Upcoming SNES Think Twice Before Getting Excited for Nintendo’s Upcoming SNES By Joel Hruska on April 21, 2017 at 9:00 am Comment In July 2016, we first covered the Mini Classic NES, later officially called the NES Classic Edition. It was a tiny Nintendo with original controllers, 30 preloaded games, and an original controller. As information leaked out, it became clear this thing was really going to be something special, with excellent game reproduction and multiple graphics modes, plus some saved game options that didn’t exist when the NES first launched. My significant other is a fan of classic Nintendo and I never got to play most of the games from the NES generation, since my family didn’t think that was an appropriate use of time when I was growing up. So when Nintendo announced the platform, I planned to snap one up immediately. Once the Classic NES launched, I parked myself on websites like BrickSeek and NowInStock, visited local stores, and promised to get a console in time for Christmas. Once it became clear that wasn’t going to happen, I promised to snag one after the holiday, when I was certain demand would fall. I was still waiting earlier this week, when Nintendo announced they wouldn’t stock anymore. Having consistently watched trackers and stores, I can confidently say that yes, I missed a few ordering windows — windows that were typically open for less than an hour as supplies of the Classic NES sold out as quickly as the device could hit store shelves. Some people had more success with Amazon Prime Now, but since I don’t live in a major metropolitan area where that service is offered, I couldn’t take advantage of it. This is not what availability looks like. 19 minutes on April 5. Twelve minutes at Walmart on March 31, eight of which occurred from 3:00 – 3:08 AM. Best Buy having stock from 1:08 – 1:51 PM on March 29 is practically a record. There is no indication demand for the NES Classic had slumped. As NowInStock records show, the console continued to sell out nearly instantly, every single time stock hit store shelves. But Nintendo, in its infinite wisdom, has decided to pull the product altogether. Consumers always like to talk about how companies artificially restrict scarcity to drive up demand for their hardware, as if any company ever made money by not manufacturing products. I don’t blame Nintendo for building a limited inventory for an uncertain product, but I do blame them for leaving those of us who wanted one waiting for months while a few dozen units trickled into stores, only to leap off the shelves within seconds as soon as they were available to buy. Now, don’t mistake me. Not being able to buy a $60 recreation of a nostalgia-fueled childhood toy is definitionally a first-world problem. Nintendo, of course, has the right to manufacture or cease manufacturing anything they want, for any reason, at any time. But while I don’t normally buy into the false scarcity argument, I also don’t really care, at this point, whether the company was manipulating availability or just didn’t make enough consoles. I’ve spent a non-trivial amount of time searching for a product that Nintendo ostensibly wanted to sell me, and I’m not going to play that game two years in a row. As far as I’m concerned, the NES Classic Edition was either a marketing attempt to drum up excitement around Nintendo products before the Switch could launch, or a cynical attempt to create buzz around a product Nintendo never intended to manufacture in volume. Neither is acceptable and I won’t participate in whatever buzz Nintendo thinks it’s going to build around next Christmas’ console. There are alternatives to an NES or SNES “classic edition” that range from rolling your own solution with a Raspberry Pi, to buying some PC peripherals and using emulation (emulators are legal but ROMs themselves aren’t, and Nintendo has made it clear it views such projects as IP theft). There’s also dedicated retro consoles, like the Retron 5. None of these are perfect solutions, but if Nintendo isn’t going to sell its own hardware, other companies or individuals will step into the gap. As for me, the old adage “Once burned, twice shy,” definitely applies. Tagged In gaming nintendo NES snes NES Classic Mini Classic Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Juicero CEO Offers Full Refunds on $400 DRMed Bagjuice Squeezer Apr 21 ARM-based Windows 10 Devices Expected to Launch in Late 2017 Apr 21 Apple Refuses to Allow iPhone, Mac Recycling Apr 21 ET deals: Try Amazon Music Unlimited for free, get a $10 Amazon Music credit Apr 21 Run Android Apps on Your Windows PC Apr 21 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Engaging Employers: Three Lessons from Impact Hiring SOURCE: FSG DESCRIPTION: A couple of weeks ago, influential employers—including T-Mobile, Gap Inc., and McDonalds*—came to New Orleans for an unprecedented gathering on jobs in the United States. Each had expressed enthusiasm for impact hiring—an approach that creates business value through hiring and investing in individuals who face barriers to economic opportunity. Through a cohort-based program designed and led by FSG, and supported by The Rockefeller Foundation and Walmart, employers began putting this enthusiasm into action in new ways. The inaugural impact hiring cohort brings together HR, Operations, and corporate social responsibility leaders from diverse employers to design new ways for their companies to support entry-level talent, including opportunity youth—16- to 24-year-olds who are neither working nor in school. Over the course of 9 months, participants will collaborate in design thinking workshops, engage with youth and community leaders, and develop and evaluate pilot projects at their companies to provide greater opportunity and improve retention for this target audience. Amidst the sights, sounds, and culture of New Orleans, employers began their journey and started to create their own “jazz” around social change and business value. This cohort-based approach, designed to accelerate adoption of impact hiring practices, is an important catalyst to create more inclusive economies by engaging employers in developing new ideas and solutions. Over the past decade, The Rockefeller Foundation has worked with the private sector to unlock the solutions to some of society’s biggest problems—particularly relating to livelihoods – in the United States and around the world. FSG has seen the importance of finding business opportunities that help solve social problems through both our stewardship of the Shared Value Initiative and our consulting work. Supporting a cohort of pioneering companies focused on impact hiring, in partnership with other funders and experts, is an investment both of our organizations believe in. In working together, we have learned 3 key lessons about employer engagement that we are applying to this cohort learning model. Learn about the 3 key lessons on FSG.org > Tweet me: New blog from @FSGtweets & @RockefellerFdn Engaging Employers: 3 Lessons from Impact Hiring #oppyouth http://bit.ly/2pd25KL KEYWORDS: Responsible Business & Employee Engagement, Diversity & Inclusion, hiring, Retention, opportunity youth, entry-level employees, Employee Engagement, philanthropy, Rockefeller Foundation, FSG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sands Bethlehem Starts Prom Dress Drive Benefitting Local YWCA Next PostNext Ingersoll Rand Ranks on Corporate Responsibility Magazine 100 Best Corporate Citizens List for Fourth Consecutive Year Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feeding America Launches MealConnect™ Technology Platform to Help Reduce Food Waste and End Hunger SOURCE: General Mills DESCRIPTION: CHICAGO, April 21, 2017 /3BL Media/ – For Earth Day 2017, Feeding America® is announcing the launch of MealConnectTM, an innovative technology platform that makes food donation as simple as a click. The new and free platform was developed to help reduce food waste, benefit the environment and put more food on the tables of families and individuals facing hunger in America. Feeding America is already the largest food rescue and domestic hunger-relief organization, helping to provide food to 46 million people in need each year, and now with MealConnect is poised to play an even bigger role in reducing food waste. MealConnect helps to save food that previously might have gone to waste—such as a small load of meat from a local butcher or a box of tomatoes from a farmers market. The platform then directs that rescued food immediately to Feeding America food banks’ food pantries and meal programs that serve people in need. MealConnect allows food businesses of all sizes, from local mom-and-pop restaurants to large chain grocery retailers, to post surplus food on the MealConnect platform. An algorithm determines the best-suited local pantry or food program to quickly pick up and distribute the donation. MealConnect is available to donors from any smartphone, tablet or computer to make an immediate impact in the communities where they operate. MealConnect is free for all users and all donations are tax-deductible. The technology leverages the Feeding America network of 200 food banks and 60,000 pantries and feeding programs across the country. In addition, Feeding America maintains stringent food-safety standards to ensure that all food distributed is safe for consumption. This new technology enhancement has been made possible with a $1 million grant from General Mills. This funding also will help support efforts to scale MealConnect to communities nationwide. “We are extremely grateful to General Mills for their incredible support of this major initiative. This donation is not only beneficial to our environment but also helps meet the needs of hardworking families throughout the country,” Feeding America CEO Diana Aviv said. “For nearly 40 years, we’ve partnered with Feeding America to help rescue more food to help families facing hunger,” said Shawn O’Grady, group president of Convenience & Foodservice, and senior vice president of Global Revenue Development at General Mills. “We are encouraged that the new MealConnect technology will help food retailers and foodservice operators nationwide donate food safely and efficiently.” O’Grady has served on the Feeding America board of directors since 2013. Starbucks, which announced a partnership with Feeding America in 2016, will use MealConnect to help achieve its goal to rescue 100 percent of unsold food from its U.S. company-operated stores. “In 2016, we pledged to bring the excess food in our stores, that otherwise would have been thrown away, to families in need,” said Jane Maly, Program Manager at Starbucks. “By using MealConnect, we’re able to track our donations in real time, allowing for more streamlined reporting by store and food bank.” Feeding America is the leading food recovery partner across the food industry, currently rescuing 2.8 billion pounds of good food from going to waste and providing it to families in need. New information from ReFED, a collaboration of business, nonprofit, foundation and government leaders committed to reducing food waste in the United States, indicates that 72 billion pounds of good, safe food is wasted every year in the U.S. MealConnect aims to close that gap to reduce food waste and end hunger. “Working with valued companies, including General Mills, Walmart and Starbucks, Feeding America has been able to distribute more than four billion pounds of food annually to people facing hunger,” Aviv said. “Now, MealConnect will allow us to supplement these great national efforts with donations captured from regional and local donors who may not have a consistent donation stream.” MealConnect was initially funded and designed with support from Google.org with additional funding from the Walmart Foundation. Google.org strives to identify and support innovations that improve our world, and MealConnect’s enhanced platform does just that. We are thrilled to support Feeding America and its network, which will allow MealConnect to scale across the country,” said Andrew Dunckelman of Google.org. “Since 2005 Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have invested over $100 million in Feeding America,” Karrie Denniston said. “We made the investment in MealConnect because we saw an opportunity to strengthen capacity for the organization and its network of food banks.  This platform is a prime example of how innovative technology is being used to improve food recovery and address hunger.” By connecting more donors with the Feeding America network of food banks, food pantries and meal programs, MealConnect will prevent more food waste, benefit the environment and help end the hunger crisis for millions of people in America. For more information on MealConnect, visit MealConnect.org. About Feeding America Feeding America is the nationwide network of 200 food banks that leads the fight against hunger in the United States. Together, we provide food to more than 46 million people through 60,000 food pantries and meal programs in communities across America. Feeding America also supports programs that improve food security among the people we serve; educates the public about the problem of hunger; and advocates for legislation that protects people from going hungry. Individuals, charities, businesses and government all have a role in ending hunger. Donate. Volunteer. Advocate. Educate. Together we can solve hunger. Visit www.feedingamerica.org, find us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter. About General Mills General Mills is a leading global food company that serves the world by making food people love. Its brands include Cheerios, Annie’s, Yoplait, Nature Valley, Fiber One, Haagen-Dazs, Betty Crocker, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Wanchai Ferry, Yoki and more. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, General Mills had fiscal 2016 worldwide sales of US $17.6 billion, including the company’s US $1.0 billion proportionate share of joint-venture net sales. For more information about General Mills, visit http://www.generalmills.com. Contact Ross Fraser Feeding America 312.641.6422 General Mills Media.Line@genmills.com 763.764.6364 Tweet me: .@FeedingAmerica launches #MealConnect #technology platform to help reduce #foodwaste and end #hunger http://bit.ly/2o7zslo @GeneralMills KEYWORDS: Innovation & Technology, Philanthropy & Cause Initiatives, General Mills, Feeding America, MealConnect, Starbucks, Google.org, The Walmart Foundation CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GOJO Blog: Celebrating What Matters Most Next PostNext World Financial Services Security Software Market by Product Type, Market, Players and Regions-Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award WESTMORELAND AREA ROADS AFFECTED BY STORM DEBRIS – Multiple VDOT crews working to remove downed trees and limbs; Route 205 (Ridge Road) is closed at Ninth Street in Colonial Beach Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Saturday, April 22, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 46°F Clear Saturday, April 22, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Cannon Place already a success story for veterans share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Danville elections chief leaving for private sector Man gets probation for theft of TV from apartment Another shooting in Danville puts 3 schools on lockdown MTD altering routes for marathon × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Cannon Place already a success story for veterans Fri, 04/21/2017 - 7:00am | Noelle McGee Photo by: Rick Danzl/The News-Gazette Veteran Michael Gibson gives his toy poodle Stella a treat in his apartment Thursday at Cannon Place at Veterans Affairs Illiana Health Care System in Danville. Image Image DANVILLE — Army veteran Sena Legg and her husband, a Marine Vietnam vet, moved to Danville in 2009 so that Robert, who had diabetes, would be close to Veterans Affairs Illiana Health Care System. After Robert passed away in 2015, Legg, who is disabled, couldn't afford to stay in their apartment. So she either stayed with a friend or lived in her car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. After about a year of being homeless, Legg was ready to give up. In desperation, she called a VA hotline. Last September, she connected with a counselor and enrolled in a residential rehabilitation treatment program for former military servicemen and -women who are struggling with mental illness, substance abuse and homelessness, which was launched several years ago to give vets the care and skills they need to get healthy and get their lives back on track. And in March, she moved into Cannon Place, a new, 65-unit affordable, supportive housing complex on the medical center's grounds — another key piece to ending homelessness among veterans. "This is my forever home" Legg said at Thursday's ribbon-cutting ceremony for the $17.5 million complex, which drew about 150 people, many of whom helped make it happen. In July 2015, developer Mercy Housing Lakefront broke ground on the facility, named for Joseph "Uncle Joe" Cannon, who served as a U.S. Congressman from 1873 to 1923 and who, in 1898, helped establish the Danville Soldiers' Home that would become the veterans hospital. Veterans and their family members, including a few children, began moving into the one-, two- and three-bedroom furnished apartments last September. Amenities include a spacious community room, fitness center, computer center, six residential lounges, on-site laundry facilities, a gazebo, picnic area and raised vegetable garden beds, built and donated by Home Depot. Residents pay a third of their income toward rent, and the rest is covered with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development vouchers. "One hundred and one people have found hope here," said Stephanie Young, who became the permanent director of the Illiana facility last June, about five years after the project was first conceptualized. Danville Mayor Scott Eisenhauer recalled that several years ago, medical center staff and other community members hosted an event at the David S. Palmer Arena to provide veterans with a range of services and resources. "That started the ball rolling for what we have today," he said, adding there were many challenges to getting it approved and financed and even times when it looked as though it would fall through. But everyone worked together to make it happen for "our nation's heroes." Mark Angelini, Mercy Housing Lakefront president, said he's eager to kick off Phase II, which calls for building another 65-unit complex south of Cannon Place. "There's clearly a demand for it," he said, adding those residents would also be close to medical and mental health services; Danville Area Community College, where they can continue their education or training; and other supportive services. "We have to start working up the numbers. Once the financing is put together, it can come together in about 18 months," said Angelini, who hopes to see the next one open in three to five years. Resident Michael Gibson also spoke at the dedication. The Navy veteran said his life was turned upside down when his best friend — Lt. Sean Christopher Snyder, a Navy pilot and father of four — was killed when his helicopter exploded off the coast of Norfolk, Va., during a training exercise. The former Bloomington-Normal resident isolated himself and stopped taking medication for PTSD and anxiety. Last July, he called his sister for help, and she brought him to the veteran's hospital, where he began his recovery process. Gibson, who was close to becoming homeless, moved into the complex in November. He told the crowd that being among fellow veterans has played a big part in his progress. Now he works in the VA library, volunteers at the Vermilion County Animal Shelter and is on track to become a peer support specialist. When Legg first moved in, she was terrified of losing her new home. Now she feels more relaxed, thanks to the property manager and social worker, whom she has gotten to know. She enjoys volunteering with seniors, and she's looking forward to start a gardening class next week. "I would encourage any veteran who needs help to please go to the VA," she said. "They do care about you and will help you. You just have to muster up the courage to ask for help." Sections (2):News, Local Topics (2):Health Care, Social Services More Local Danville elections chief leaving for private sector Man gets probation for theft of TV from apartment Another shooting in Danville puts 3 schools on lockdown MTD altering routes for marathon More Local Danville elections chief leaving for private sector Man gets probation for theft of TV from apartment Another shooting in Danville puts 3 schools on lockdown MTD altering routes for marathon Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Another shooting in Danville puts 3 schools on lockdown Danville elections chief leaving for private sector Man gets probation for theft of TV from apartment MTD altering routes for marathon 2017 Illinois Marathon 5K Pyongyang drivers scramble as gas stations limit services ComEd to spend $33 million on Rockford library GM to launch 10 electric cars in China by 2020 Appeals court denies Blagojevich request for resentencing China tries to drive away planes carrying Filipino officials More Local News Most Viewed News Coroner: Death at Krannert an apparent suicide Coroner IDs UI student who apparently set himself on fire at Krannert Traffic stop leads to drug, gun charges UPDATE: No seat belts worn in Monday rollover UPDATED: Harden troubled by board's decision Most Commented News Letter-writer, EIU professor has questions for Rauner UPDATED: Harden troubled by board's decision Can Illinois handle truth? Progressive rates flatten taxpayers Parkland professor, trustee doesn't plan to give up either role Trending Now Coroner IDs UI student who apparently set himself on fire at Krannert Coroner: Death at Krannert an apparent suicide Social media buzzing for Illini basketball Reasons why 4-star Smith could pick Illini Urbana woman's son, grandkids will fulfill bucket list Top of the Morning, April 21, 2017 Illini offer 2017 forward UPDATE: SWAT unit aids in Urbana arrest on gun charge Traffic stop leads to drug, gun charges UPDATED: Man, woman killed early Wednesday in Danville UI's commencement-speaker tease fuels Obama speculation Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Wendy Lynn Ruckman, 51 April 21, 2017 Wendy Lynn Ruckman, 51, of Lothian, MD passed away April 15, 2017 at Georgetown University Hospital.She was born in Washington, DC October 23, 1965 to Aubrey B. and Dolores Ann (Burrows) Breeden. Wendy was raised in Arlington and graduated from Washington Lee High School. She was employed at Sears and Roebuck in Arlington. Wendy moved to Southern Maryland in 1993 and has been employed at the Prince Frederick Walmart. She was a member of the Calvert Ward of Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Wendy enjoyed going out to eat, sightseeing, music and spending time with her family. She was preceded in death by her father Aubrey B. Breeden, sister April Marie Davis, brothers Newton William Davis and John Leonard Davis. Surviving are her mother Dolores Breeden of Owings, sons Travis Lawrence and Kyle Anthony Ruckman both of Lothian, sisters Deborah Ann Irving of Chesapeake Beach and Dolores Marie Harrell of Owings and fiancée Russell Quade of Lothian. This entry was posted on April 21, 2017 at 8:41 am and is filed under All News, Obituaries, z 600X120 Top Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives April 2017 (194) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman U.S. Acting Ambassador to China at 2017 APCAC Business Summit GUANGZHOU, China, April 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Today marks the third day of 2017 APCAC Business Summit. As the host city, Guangzhou continues to witness the grand event. In the morning, Mr. David H. Rank, Charge d’affaires ad interim of U.S. Embassy Beijing, H E. Ambassador Sameeh Essa Johar Hayat of Embassy of the State of Kuwait, Beijing, and Dr. Harley Seyedin, 2017 APCAC Host & President of AmCham South China made opening speeches for the Plenary Session. After opening speeches, Mr. Cai Chaolin, Vice Mayor of Guangzhou City, Ms. Yujin, Vice Mayor of Foshan City, and Ms. Sarah Delude, Representative of Boston Mayor introduced economic development of their cities respectively. Guests attended discussion panels covered various topics, such as FDI, smart cities, IPR, education, Internet, as well as human resource. Plenary Session of 2017 APCAC Asia Pacific Business Summit U.S. Acting Ambassador to China, Mr. David H. Rank Yesterday morning, Department of Commerce of Guangdong Province and AmCham South China jointly held U.S.-China Investment Cooperation Summit in White Swan Hotel. Mr. Yu Jianhua, Vice Minister of Commerce of PRC and Deputy China International Trade Representative, Mr. Ma Xingrui, Governor of Guangdong Province and Deputy Secretary of Guangdong Provincial Party Committee, Mr. Myron Brilliant, Executive Vice President and Head of International Affairs, Mr. Charles Bennett, U.S. Consul General in Guangzhou, Dr. Harley Seyedin, 2017 APCAC host & President of AmCham South China, Mr. Scott Price, Walmart Executive Vice President and Global CAO, Mr. Bruce Quinn, Rockwell Automation, Global VP Government Affairs delivered speeches respectively. Mr. Hu Chunhua, Party Secretary of Guangdong Province and Mr. Ren Xuefeng, Deputy Secretary of Guangdong Provincial Party Committee and Secretary of Guangzhou Municipal Party Committee also attended the summit. In the afternoon, with the convening of the Plenary Session themed on Areas of Opportunity in Asia Pacific, 2017 APCAC Business Summit officially started. Many huge figures attended and made presentations and speeches, speakers included Mr. Charles Bennett, U.S. Consul General in Guangzhou, Dr. Harley Seyedin, 2017 APCAC Host & President of AmCham South China, Mr. Jackson Cox, APCAC Chair, Mr. Chee Eng Gan, Greater China President of Amway, Mr. Jeoven Wong, Deputy Director of Liaison & Operation Department of CIFIT Organizing Committee, Mr. Matthew Rous, Consul General of British Consulate General in Guangzhou, Mr. Doron Bard, Chief of Consular Section of U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou delivered speeches. Afterwards, discussion panels covered various fields were held. The Honorable Eddie Baza Calvo, Governor of Guam, Ambassador Kurt Tong, U.S. Consul General in Hong Kong and Macau and other speakers exchanged their opinions on finance, tourism, immigration, as well as the new U.S. administration. Guests reaped tremendous benefits from those discussion panels. About APCAC Established in 1968, the Asia Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce (APCAC) is the association of 29 American Chambers of Commerce in the Asia-Pacific region. APCAC’s collective membership represents over 20,000 businesses, over 50,000 overseas American workers and over 10 million employees. American enterprises provided over $620 billion USD in investment and $1 trillion USD in annual trade in the APCAC region. The APCAC Business Summit is hosted each spring by an APCAC member AmCham. The annual summit attracts corporate and government leaders from across the region and provides a valuable platform for dialogue on key issues, networking and business development. About The American Chamber of Commerce in South China The American Chamber of Commerce in South China (AmCham South China) is a non-partisan, non-profit organization dedicated to facilitating bilateral trade between the United States and the People’s Republic of China. Certified in 1995 by its parent organization, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., AmCham South China represents more than 2,300 corporate and individual members, is governed by a fully-independent Board of Governors elected from its membership, and provides dynamic, on-the-ground support for American and International companies doing business in South China. In 2016, AmCham South China hosted nearly 10,000 business executives, government leaders and journalists from around the world at its briefings, seminars, committee meetings and social gatherings. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-acting-ambassador-to-china-at-2017-apcac-business-summit-300443383.html SOURCE AmCham South China CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Over-the-Counter Diagnostics Market Study on Expected Growth 2025 Next PostNext United States Motorcycle Apparel Market Share, Size, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!' Aaron Hernandez 'murdered his friend Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to charge Assange Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old student he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furniture-less cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different skin tones  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine years but was put back inside when he was caught Harvard students are handed university-sponsored flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for the first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweats and slippers before going shoe shopping  United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill O'Reilly's primetime slot on Monday Navy SEAL who made a cell phone 'video of him sexually touching a young girl' is arrested for child pornography Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing three white people at random' The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how eyesight differs across many species How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals when triggered to decompose their prey I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil his reform plan for businesses and individuals next week before his 100th day in office Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Previous Next 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Griffin Barry helped police arrest Tad Cummins, 50, who had been on the run for more than a month after kidnapping former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15 The 29-year-old man is originally from Tennessee but now works as a cabin caretaker in northern California  He says that Cummins and the girl, who were going by the names John and Joanna, came through the area two weeks ago looking for a commune  They came back on Tuesday, when the commune turned them down   Barry says he let the two stay in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work  Wednesday night, a neighbor showed Barry a picture of the missing couple and he immediately recognized them  He then called 911 and police arrested Cummins in a raid the next morning  Criminal complaint released Friday shows Cummins refilled his Cialis prescription before leaving town  Thomas' father says he believes his daughter was brainwashed  By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com Published: 08:33 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 17:13 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail 145 shares 370 View comments A northern California caretaker is speaking out to detail how he helped police arrest the Tennessee teacher who had been on the run for more than a month with his 15-year-old student.  Tad Cummins, 50, was taken into custody Thursday morning by a SWAT team who surrounded the unfinished cabin in Cecilville, California where he was staying with missing teen Elizabeth Thomas. Police got a tip about Cummins' whereabouts the previous night from the caretaker of the cabin, 29-year-old Griffin Barry.  Barry, who is originally from Nashville, said he let the couple stay in the cabin in exchange for work and realized who the two were when a neighbor showed him a picture of Thomas' missing person poster.  That's when it all came together for Barry and he called to tip off police. Looking back, he said there was something suspicious about the couple.  Scroll down for video  Griffin Barry, 29 (pictured), helped police arrest Tad Cummins, the 50-year-old Tennessee teacher who had been on the run for more than a month with one of his 15-year-old students  Cummins continued to drive his Nissan Rogue the whole time, but removed the license plates 'She spoke very few words and he would try and like, talk for her a lot,' Barry told KRCR. 'He was likely clearly keeping her separate.'  Barry says the two first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune, and were going by the names John and Joanna.  The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune.   'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you you, know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN.  Cummins and Thomas did in fact make it to the commune, but the members there sensed something was off with the two and decided against letting them into the group.  Cummins (left) said he was 'glad' that his month-and-a-half flight from justice was over when he was arrested for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) Thursday Found: The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after the shack's caretaker recognized Cummins' car. He called police on Wednesday Barry let the couple stay in one of the unfinished cabins after they were turned down from a commune in the area  Above, investigators at the scene of the cabin on Friday  'I feel a little funny because there were all kinds of indications that there was something a little funny going on never occurred to me that she was 15 year old, they said she was 22, I thought…yeah,' member Peter LaughingWolf said. LaughingWolf said that after telling Cummins that they wouldn't be a good fit, he stormed off with Thomas.  'What really should have been a clue that something was wrong was that he got so angry when that was shared with them,' added LaughingWolf.  After getting kicked out of the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on Tuesday, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work. 'In my head I'm thinking he had a house fire and lost everything,' Barry said. 'I came out here on a prayer and people helped me out and got me on my feet and hopefully I can pass it on.' Fled: The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Barry, right, appeared on Good Morning America Friday morning to detail how he helped police nab Cummins  Thomas' family appeared on Good Morning America on Friday, saying they had not yet been able to talk to her. Pictured bottom left is Elizabeth's father Anthony  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Barry said he rarely interacted with Thomas during the couple's 36-hour stay at the property.  'He would talk for her a lot and kept her separate, you know,' Barry told WBIR. 'And a couple of times he always kept her in the car and he would be like 'she's asleep,' you know, and I'm like okay. I was kind of telling some people , you know, she never really looks at me and she's always talking for her. I was like, whatever, they're on hard times or something." It wasn't until Wednesday night that he finally recognized Cummins and the girl, when a neighbor showed him a missing persons picture.  'Someone was showing me a picture, I was telling them you know and said 'That's the guy,"' he said. 'So we called 911 last night and we were calling that Tennessee Bureau of Investigation line or whatever so I guess the first sheriff got out here at about 2am.' The neighbor reportedly got suspicious about the couple's car, a silver Nissan Rogue. It was the same car the couple went missing in, and the plate's had been removed.  After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, SWAT teams formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to walk out around 4am. After a while, they brought in Barry to help speed up the process.  'I was driving by trying to flush him out. [Sheriff's deputies] were like, "honk the horn!"' Barry said. 'I'm glad I got to help.' As Cummins was taken into custody, he reportedly remarked 'I'm glad this is over'.  Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed' according to police, and had a mixed emotional reaction. 'It was an intense situation,' Lt Behr Tharsing, of the Siskiyou County Police, told Good Morning America on Friday. 'She was laughing, she was crying, she was kind of an emotional rollercoaster as you can imagine.' Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. Last sighting: The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture Jason Whately, the attorney representing the Thomas family, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest. Maps were found in Cummins' car for both San Francisco and Baltimore.  Both remain in Siskiyou County as of Friday morning. After an interview with police, Thomas is expected to be sent home to her family in Tennessee Friday morning. Her father, Anthony, told Good Morning America on Friday that the family still hasn't been able to speak to Elizabeth yet and that he believes she may have been brainwashed.  Cummins was set to appear in Siskiyou County court on Friday, but that appearance was cancelled. Instead, he has been put in federal custody and is being moved to Sacramento where a new hearing is scheduled for Monday. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Two Tennessee men try to run each other over in insane brawl Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee... 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who kidnapped... School teacher, 56, tried to seduce a 16-year-old student Share this article Share 145 shares He has been charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor in Lawrence County, Tennessee. The aggravated kidnapping charge carries an eight to 12 year sentence.  In Siskiyou County, California, where the cabin is located, he may be charged with kidnapping and possession of stolen property, pending review by the county's district attorney. And the US State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse. A criminal complaint released Friday has also revealed new details about Cummins.  It says that before leaving town, he refilled his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction. He also picked up KY Jelly, a personal lubricant, during a stop at Walmart in Oklahoma with Thomas.   That charge alone has a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years in prison. It could take several weeks for Cummins to be extradited to Tennessee, said US attorney Jack Smith. Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. 'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.' Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court. However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak. 'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added. Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away. 'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT GIVES DETAILED TIMELINE OF COUPLE'S MONTH ON THE RUN  New details are being released about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas, the Tennessee teacher and student who were found hiding out in a remote California cabin on Thursday after more than a month on the run. On Friday, a copy of the FBI's criminal complaint against Cummins was released, detailing the events leading up to the alleged couple's March 13 disappearance and what authorities know so far about their weeks on the lam.  Maury County Police first learned about the couple's illicit relationship on January 30, from the school resource officer assigned to the Culleoka Unit School. The officer relayed that a 12-year-old student told him he or she walked into a classroom and witnessed Cummins kissing Thomas on January 23. 'The student described the kiss as a romantic peck rather than a father-daughter type kiss,' Detective Jonthan R. Hardison wrote in the complaint. The student said that he or she went to confront Cummins with another student after school. 'The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife, but indicated that [Thomas] sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that [she] had a troubled past,' the report says. On January 31, detectives interviewed Thomas about the allegations, and she said the two never kissed. She told officers that she went into Cummins classroom after getting into an altercation with another teacher about using the bathroom and that he comforted her. Thomas 'advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down'. That same day, Thomas' father let officers look at his daughter's cellphone, and they saw that she had been in 'brief contact' with Cummins that day. Officers interviewed Cummins the next day, and he too denied that they had kissed, saying that instead he was like a 'father figure' to the girl. Cummins was allowed to keep teaching at the school while the district investigated the claims, but just two days after his interview with police, he got in trouble again for being with Thomas in a classroom. A school official called police on February 3, saying that the two had been alone in a classroom for 30 minutes, despite Cummins' orders to stay away from the girl. Detectives reviewed surveillance footage and found that the two had indeed been in a classroom together, and that other students were present. The school suspended Cummins on February 6 for the matter. It's still unclear when exactly Cummins started plotting his escape with Thomas, but he did refill his Cialis prescription - a drug that treats erectile dysfunction - three days before leaving, his wife Jill revealed. He also took out a $4,500 loan a week before his disappearance, which was supposed to help him and his wife get by while he was out of the job. His wife said that she noticed the money missing after her husband left. Police believe Cummins and Thomas met up at Shoney's Restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee the morning of March 13. A friend reportedly picked up Thomas from her house and dropped her off at the restaurant around 8am. Meanwhile, surveillance footage showed Cummins filling his wife's Nissan Rogue up with gas at a Shell station next to the restaurant around 8:30am. He was seen leaving the station five minutes later in the direction of Shoney's. The morning that Cummins went missing, he lied to his wife about going to a job interview at the Williamson County Medical Center. When she returned home, she found a note from her husband saying he was 'travelling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind'. 'He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call the police,' the complaint says. 'Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him.' Mrs Cummins followed the letter and did not call police that night. But Thomas' father immediately got police involved, calling to report his daughter missing around 10:30pm that night. Mr Thomas told officers that he feared his daughter might be missing with Cummins. The following morning, around 7:30am, Mrs Cummins finally called to report her husband missing. She told police about the letter he left behind and the missing money. She also added that two handguns, clothes and some toiletry items were also missing from the home. After an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, tips started streaming into the FBI hotline. One of the early reports came from a Motel 8 employee who found Tad Cummins' name in the national database.  Police learned that Cummins stayed at a location in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on March 15 and 16, renting a room with a single queen-sized bed. Employees at the location said that Cummins asked for directions to a Walmart. Police later obtained surveillance footage showing the two shopping at a Oklahoma City Walmart on March 15, in which they bought hair dye to alter their appearance. After checking out of that Motel 8 on March 16, the couple moved west to Guymon, Oklahoma - about a five hour's drive away - where they checked into another Motel 8. Again, they rented a room with only one bed, and stayed there for a night - checking out on March 17.  They also shopped at another Walmart, this time picking up women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly - a personal lubricant used for sex. Police reportedly obtained surveillance footage of this March 16 trip but have not released it to the public. Cummins was finally taken into custody on Thursday, after police received a tip from a caretaker in northern California, who said the two were staying in an unfinished cabin on his property.  FULL CRIMINAL COMPLAINT:     Read more: Cabin caretaker called in tip about Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas | WBIR.com 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in Calif. - CNN.com Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California - ABC News Man who lent cabin to kidnapper says he called authorities - KRCR Nashville native helped lead police to Tad Cummins, Elizabeth Thomas | WKRN News 2 Share or comment on this article e-mail 145 shares Most watched News videos GRAPHIC: Horrifying moment pit bull attacks toddler in street Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Attempted rapist runs from police moments before being arrested Crewman jumps from cargo ship to save whale tangled in net Mom sobs after AA flight attendant 'violently took her stroller' Hilarious footage of a screaming man experiencing labour pains Film makers expose 'major new developments' in McCann case Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police Robert Irwin and Jimmy play with baby bears on The Tonight Show Man punches woman as she tries to intervene in street fight Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten... Australian TV company claim to have 'major breakthrough'... Bisexual female teacher, 45, who had a four-in-a-bed orgy... EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his... 'It felt like my face was eating itself': Nightclub acid... Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of... 'I'd expect a smack if I started it - but I didn't':... 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon... Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive... Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for... Dramatic moment police chase and catch would-be rapist... American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with... 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped... Landlady, 47, who crammed FOUR bedsits into a garden shed... Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his... Is Ferne fleeing the country? Reality star 'spotted at an... Fraudster spent £100,000 of stolen taxpayers' cash on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 370 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My tube is on YouTube!' John Cena and Nikki Bella bare all as they strip down to celebrate having 500,000 video subscribers  Red hot! Leggy Khloe Kardashian flashes the flesh in skimpy lingerie couture as she steps out in LA The reality star looked ravishing in red Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in sheer black dress to support husband Channing Tatum at opening of Magic Mike Live in Vegas Sheer brilliance! Gisele Bundchen flaunts her famous figure in a VERY revealing black lace jumpsuit World's reigning top model for 20 years KK Undercover! Kourtney Kardashian sports blonde wig as she interviews strangers in Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel Live! Recognizable celebrity So money can buy love? Tyga seen purchasing an almost $4,000 Chanel bag... just a day after cozying up with Kylie look-a-like Jordan Ozuna 'I call people like they are': Kim Zolciak slams co-stars who 'haven't grown in five years' as she prepares for RHOA comeback She left in 2013 Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off washboard abs in white bikini as she enjoys pool time fun with husband Channing She slipped into a teeny tiny white bikini 'It's awful, but it's not fatal': Patton Oswalt pens a touching tribute to his late wife, Michelle McNamara on the first anniversary of her sudden death Actor Edgar Ramirez plays a gored Gianni Versace as cameras roll on American Crime Story in LA Bloodstains and missing flesh Legs eleven! Emily Ratajkowski shimmers in red dress at Marie Claire Fresh Faces event in LA The 25-year-old stunner looked amazing I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID vote for him in new interview with Diane Sawyer 'We're fine with each other': Caitlyn Jenner talks Kris Jenner as she reveals she's become distant with some of her children in 20/20 interview Heidi Klum bares her body as she gets bronzer applied to her cleavage for racy lingerie shoot She donned a skimpy number for a shoot Star in stripes! Kelly Rowland flaunts her physique in figure-hugging black outfit as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills Back in America 'I was not supposed to die that day': The Biggest Loser's Bob Harper opens up on heart attack that nearly killed him Says fate intervened Amy Adams keeps it casual as she cuddles up to husband Darren Le Gallo on Beverly Hills stroll She enjoyed the day off in Beverly Hills on Friday Surrogate for hire! Kim Kardashian shows flat post-baby tummy as fellow reality star Shawna Craig offers to carry her child (and yes, she's serious) EXCLUSIVE: Meet Tyga's new squeeze: Jordan Ozuna's 'obsessed' with Kim Kardashian, modeled for Kanye, and went on a date with Justin Bieber It ain't easy being green! Sofia Richie looks serious as she color coordinates her athleisure  The 18-year-old did not seem her happy self Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death That looks familiar! Katy Perry channels Kim Kardashian as she rocks platinum blonde braids and plunging one piece  Inspired EXCLUSIVE: Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers A dream in green! Eva Longoria flaunts toned torso in jade bikini as she hits the beach on vacation in Hawaii with hubby José Bastón Looking good at 42 In the name of fashion! Olivia Culpo flashes her legs during photo shoot in West Hollywood Back to business for the 24-year-old who was seen posing for a shoot What a bag, lady! Jessica Simpson carries a big blue tote as she rocks the boho chic look on outing with hubby Eric Johnson in New York City Bringing the glam! Reese Witherspoon dazzles in ultra chic emerald green gown as she flashes hint of cleavage at Tiffany & Co. bash Frill seeker! Jennifer Hudson stands out in bold yellow mini-dress as she joins fellow A-listers for Tiffany & Co. event in NYC Star-studded event Pajama party! Doutzen Kroes is effortlessly cool as she wears loose-fitting pantsuit at Tiffany & Co event in New York Comfort and fashion Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles claims she was seduced into group sex by singer and Stephen Belafonte She is suing her for defamation 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the White House Her oldest child Nicole Scherzinger is 'in talks for starring role as Elphaba in the movie adaptation of Wicked'... after impressing with stellar West End performances Dressed to impress! Elisabeth Moss and Alexis Bledel step out in two stylish looks at premiere of their series The Handmaid's Tale They looked stunning Leggy day out! Yolanda Hadid highlights her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a knitted sweater for solo outing in NYC Former model William and Kate's life behind palace doors: Royals open up about watching Homeland with a curry, partying with rapper Tinie Tempah and texting radio DJs  They could be sisters! Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in ripped denim with gorgeous daughter Stella, 20 Good genes Looking sharp! Scarlett Johansson suits up in polka dot blouse to interview director John Favreau for Tribeca Talks series She means business FIRST LOOK: New images from fifth season of House of Cards hint at a reinvigorated Frank Underwood Sneak peak Pretty in pattern! Dakota Johnson cuts a relaxed figure in colorful midi and mules for Santa Monica shopping trip with pup Zeppelin Looked summer ready Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host selects Caitlyn Jenner for first interview as network superstar moves into Bill O'Reilly's primetime perch Kennedy Summers posts texts from Jeff Withey she claims show him admitting to abuse along with photo of a large bruise on her leg  Sent out Thursday night Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected overdose' Set of his new film Out of this world! Rob Lowe dons astronaut suit with white wig and facial hair for new gig as KFC's colonel He met the chicken pioneer as a child Charlotte McKinney oozes elegance in floor-length coat and sparkly stilettos as she climbs the Empire State Building to promote new film 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt 'shaken' Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film  Katherine Heigl's troubled career takes ANOTHER hit as Unforgettable projected to bomb at box office She plays demented divorcée Tessa Her majesty! Margot Robbie set to star as Queen Elizabeth opposite Saoirse Ronan in new Mary Queen of Scots movie New role Clowning around! Madonna shares silly selfies with twin daughters Stella and Esther Adopted twin girls from Malawi in February EXCLUSIVE: Kelly Osbourne reveals how a guy threw a Subway foot-long at her head calling her 'a fat b***h' and her horror at seeing her parents flatline  Mel B is using our divorce to alienate me from our daughters, claims her ex: Singer's estranged husband says armed cop could keep him in line on visits  PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Kate risks ridicule by playing the victim as she bares her soul on being lonely as a new mother 'You do feel isolated,' she admitted SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Pippa Middleton recruits Kate's celebrity crimper for her intimate wedding  Less than a month away Twinkle, twinkle! Lena Dunham dazzles in silver mini-dress at Variety's  Power Of Women luncheon in New York City Showed unique style Wizards Of Waverly Place's David Henrie marries former beauty queen Maria Cahill with co-star and friend Selena Gomez watching on How will Kate counter Markle's sparkle? They're both beauties but Meghan has copied the Duchess's curls with a cooler twist  Are they really so alike? 'I always wondered why you peed sitting down': Kris Jenner reflects on marriage in chat with Caitlyn... but talk of ex's final surgery turns awkward  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Hail that 'flu' diet! Kim Kardashian swaps Virgin Mary look for racy underwear on the sidewalk after losing 6lbs Christina Ricci stuns in sheer number as Dianna Agron is elegant in pink coat for Chanel gala at Tribeca Film Festival in New York Pair looked perfect  She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles as she models a floral frock while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon Emily Ratajkowski plays the girl next door in cute blue gingham dress on rare outing with boyfriend Jeff Magid Covered up Liv Tyler discovers a biracial relative and a Civil War ancestor as she appears with Aerosmith rocker dad Steven on Who Do You Think You Are? Revealed: Miley Cyrus 'has secret role' in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 It's one of the most eagerly anticipated movies of the year Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell takes fans inside 'overwhelming' Coachella experience, complete with glam squad, lavish mansion and lots of VIP parties My biggest fans! Chris Pratt shares a kiss with proud wife and adorable son Jack cheers him on while receiving star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame  Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' Died on Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left three handwritten notes before killing himself - to his fiancée,  his young daughter... and to his gay jailhouse LOVER NFL Network reporter says Aaron Hernandez had threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes REVEALED: Carmelo Anthony's alleged pregnant mistress who works for a nonprofit (and not as a stripper)... as La La 'gets primary custody of son' Surf's up! Helen Hunt, 53, flaunts her fit physique while catching waves in Hawaii Oscar-winner and Mad About You star loves to go surfing Who's that girl? As Gigi Hadid turns 22, FEMAIL rounds up the model's most surprising beauty moments, from a faux PIXIE CUT to unicorn make-up Simon Cowell spends $640,000 on in-house security including a panic room and baseball bat after a serial burglar raided his home  Terrifying raid Amanda Bynes looks healthy as she goes on hike with gal pal in LA after troubled times The 31-year-old actress need psychiatric treatment in 2014 'Would you ask a man that?' Blake Lively scolds reporter for asking her about her outfit at star-studded Power Of Women lunch  Won't talk fashion 'Your daddy been talking s**t all night!' Married at First Sight couple instantly connects after meeting at altar - but their dads  feud at reception SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Great-grandad dancing by Jagger, 73, as he throws some moves at a music festival  Moves like Jagger Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip  Style Swoon: From Shay Mitchell's spring trench coat to Kourtney Kardashian's figure-flattering jeans, FEMAIL rounds up the fashions that caught our attention As Emma Watson and Anne Hathaway continue to step out sporting sustainable fashions, FEMAIL highlights seven eco-friendly brands for YOU to shop She's made the cut! Make-up free Cara Delevingne shows off new cropped hairstyle after shortening her trademark locks for latest film role EXCLUSIVE: How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed as a woman and was crushed when Kim discovered his secret then refused to engage with her as Caitlyn Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve evidence so they can investigate his death independently They want his murder conviction thrown out too It's a cinch! Ashley Graham wears corset belt over nude dress at Power Of Women luncheon in NYC Made stylish appearance at bash at Cipriani  How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still find the Germans beastly'  New insight Revealed: Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, died from 'accidental drug overdose' Body found in bedroom of Philadelphia home 'It has everything you need to forget about life for six minutes!' Jimmy Kimmel spoofs Unicorn Frappuccino craze with a vile 'F***-it-ccino' creation in parody Paris Jackson the bunny girl cuddles godfather Macaulay Culkin while sitting on his lap in Instagram snap Pair got very playful Anne Hathaway says she 'disliked herself intensely' while growing up and thought she'd never be happy, as she admits to an 'unhealthy' relationship with alcohol Blue belle Reese Witherspoon looks picture perfect as she steps out in stylish in coat and matching dress in New York City Just turned 41 EXCLUSIVE: The pictures that will break Kylie's heart! Tyga embraces Jenner lookalike after split Curvy brunette is a former Hooter's waitress Lady Gaga locks lips with Bradley Cooper (again) as it's revealed she'll sing live in A Star is Born Remake of 1976 flick set for release in 2018 Katherine Heigl looks pretty as a petal in floral dress while promoting her new film Unforgettable in New York City With Rosario Dawson Lobster salad, lamb chops and Trump's best Elvis impression: Behind scenes of 'S***kicker' evening president spent with Ted Nugent, Kid Rock and Sarah Palin Ivanka Trump fails to raise a smile as she leaves her D.C. home after White House released details about official trip to Germany as 'First Daughter' ''I don't starve myself': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe hits back after fans claim tiny waist snaps send bad message to young girls  Deadly in denim! Bella Hadid is a vision in frayed statement jacket as she makes the picturesque streets of Paris her catwalk Headed to photo studio  'She's the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals he warned former Fox News boss Roger Ailes that Megyn Kelly  would betray him 'I Skyped him in space yesterday!' Julia Roberts' reveals her 'coolest' high school classmate became an astronaut Pals with spaceman  A 13th-century castle, A-list guests and a performance from Stevie Wonder: Inside the lavish wedding of Rory McIlroy and Florida blonde Erica Stoll  George Lopez and D.L. Hughley get matching tattoos in memory of the late Charlie Murphy The 57-year-old brother of Eddie Murphy died after battling leukemia Clint Eastwood is set to direct movie telling the story of the American  heroes who thwarted 2015 terrorist attack on Paris train  He met them last year  Transgender director of The Matrix Lana Wachowski meets Hillary Clinton in NYC before blasting President Trump on LGBT rights  From psychologist Queen Mathilde to finanical whizz Maxima, these are Europe's CLEVEREST royals (but how does Kate measure up?) 'I've never been out on a date!': Caitlyn Jenner, 67, admits she 'doesn't see' dating in her future... two years on from her life-changing Diane Sawyer interview April Love Geary, 22, sizzles in TINY scarlet string bikini as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway with much older boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 'Tis the seasoned!  Gordon Ramsay draws inspiration from Will Ferrell as he dons a wacky ELF costume during episode of MasterChef Junior Happy birthday Ma'am! The Queen celebrates turning 91 with a day at the races - and a flashback photo of her as a babe-in-arms  Intimate family portrait 'Trying to lose weight after having a child is ridiculous': Size 22 model Tess Holliday on dealing with the pressures of motherhood  Anne Hathaway performs epic rom-com parody with James Corden... and reveals the secret to drunk acting Ran through 10 songs dating 1963-2016  Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old lookalike son Robert and Jimmy Fallon play with bear cubs on The Tonight Show Crikey, mate! 'We never really talked about our mom': William and Harry reveal they didn't share their grief over Diana's death - as Kate joins them in new mental health video There's no place like home! Harper Beckham and pet pooch Olive channel Dorothy and Toto in sweet Wizard Of Oz inspired video posted by dad David Charlie Hunnam looks suave as he poses at King Arthur: Legend of the Sword photocall in Beijing... after giving rare insight into his 'terrible' first Vegas marriage EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized' 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses BRALESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine 'It was internalized misogyny': Anne Hathaway admits she 'didn't trust' One Day director Lone Scherfig because she was a woman Karlie Kloss shows off her supermodel legs in a bright color-block dress and bomber jacket as she arrives at the Good Morning America studios Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore La La Anthony 'gets primary custody of son in temporary agreement' after split from Carmelo as woman claims she's pregnant with basketball ace's baby Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Braless Kourtney Kardashian displays her ample cleavage in a semi-sheer white top and thigh-skimming miniskirt as she steps out in style Fit for a (Scream) Queen! Emma Roberts looks elegant in a royal blue top with thigh-grazing mini as she steps out in New York City Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with 'evidence' he was being targeted by a smear campaign EXCLUSIVE 'She's been through everything I'm going through': Bella Hadid on 'best friend' Gigi, buying a farm with family and riding again after Lyme diagnosis Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS co-workers for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' They had a lot to say about her recent trip Lea Michele looks chic in sheer lace dress as she arrives at BBC studios in Manchester to promote her new album  Former Glee star looking for a big hit EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor, left notes and hanged himself Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots thanks to Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'I am glad to have moved on': Maddie Ziegler is content after leaving Dance Moms and reveals shock in being cast as main star for Sia's Chandelier Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father, 72, is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar with bottles of alcohol by his side after a 'suspected overdose' Going to love and leave you! Bella Hadid looks trendy in red hoodie and broken heart jeans as she catches train to Paris from London's St. Pancras Station Rita Ora dazzles in one-shouldered gold dress at China Music Awards in Macau... before commanding attention in a furry baby blue gown Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Mariah Carey has cozy dinner with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins... after 'splitting from toyboy Bryan Tanaka over his jealousy of their bond' SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses Was also her manager Hitting all the high notes! Vanessa Hudgens wows in high-cut bathing suit for Reminding Me music video with Shawn Hook Body beautiful Kristin Chenoweth rocks a racy red leather minidress as she cozies up to co-star Ricky Whittle at premiere of American Gods  Hotly anticipated series Sofia Vergara showcases her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging vest and skirt ensemble as she enjoys dinner in Hollywood Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Been married a year 'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Charli XCX thrills fans in a skintight crop top and hotpants on stage before slipping into a cool bomber jacket look to party into the night She writhed on stage Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek' Ryan Reynolds displays his cool off-duty style as he enjoys evening with his mother Tammy in New York Ensures he makes time for family Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal struggles they faced after fleeing Ukraine  Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles 'is suing the star for defamation over Stephen Belafonte divorce paper claims' Claims the Spice Girl was lying She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Star Trek actress Alice Eve shows off her slender midriff in bright yellow shirt dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll through New York Hello sunshine Harry Styles drops major hint he's set to play a young Mick Jagger in Rolling Stones biopic during appearance on late night TV talk show Pet shop where Rocky Balboa met future wife Adrian in the classic films is demolished in Philadelphia Little piece of movie history gone forever 'An amazing mother, co-parent and friend': Orlando Bloom posts sweet tribute to ex-wife Miranda Kerr to mark her 34th birthday Amicable relationship 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles The couple eloped earlier this year EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide  The mother of all nights out! Kourtney Kardashian ditches kids and dresses in white to go partying in Hollywood Looking for a replacement for Scott? Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot... after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store Winnie Harlow looks breathtaking in a shimmering black minidress and towering platform boots as she makes glamorous arrival at fundraiser 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Fight or flight! Elizabeth Olsen busts out her best martial arts moves on Avengers: Infinity War set... before plunging from the top of a building on a zip wire Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking relaity show Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The 27-year-old starlet uncovered her body 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Doting dad! Christian Bale arrives at LAX with wife Sibi and their two children after promoting The Promise in NYC Happily pushed his young son through Blonde bombshell Karolína Kurková oozes glamour as she flaunts her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit while stepping out in New York Displayed her cleavage From centerfold to ambassador: Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is Donald Trump's top pick to represent U.S. in New Zealand She's got good jeans! Kaia Gerber looks in high spirits as she steps out wearing denim in Malibu Donned distressed cutoffs  Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  'I'm not a little one': Anne Hathaway ranks her 'stoner' level during 4/20 Plead The Fifth on Bravo's WWHL Talking about recreational drug use She wanted what? DJ Jesse Marco says Rihanna requested VERY RAUNCHY song at Coachella's most exclusive afterparty Neon Carnival Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! Rare night out together In good taste! Logan star Hugh Jackman posts his mother's creme caramel recipe to Instagram... as the internet salivates He's a doting son 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares sweet with 'W' during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait dishes on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Wore long sleeves pushed up to elbows      DON'T MISS 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty flashed some thigh Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children  Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event Left little to imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles Bandits struck model and romance novel heartthrob Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Former Victoria;s Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in New York City Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Said to be due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British TV presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Today's headlines Most Read American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and... Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about... WikiLeaks releases CIA manual on how to turn a Samsung TV into a secret microphone as the US prepares to... Republicans hit out at 'unethical' psychiatrists who claim Donald Trump has a 'dangerous mental illness' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how... Barbie doll sales fall by 15% after a 'curvy' version is introduced along with others featuring different... How the Queen Mother was even thirstier and more irrepressible than we thought and once announced: 'I still... Colorado Governor is urged to RELEASE prisoner who was mistakenly let out early, reformed his life over nine... Harvard sponsored organization hands out flier that says gender 'can change from day to day'  EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over... United CEO will NOT chair board in 2018 after outrage over passenger dragged from plane Tucker Carlson takes charge: Fox News host will interview Caitlyn Jenner on his first show in Bill... Navy SEAL indicted for producing child pornography after cell phone video 'shows him sexually touching a... Cuba Gooding Jr returns to work with Jaden Smith the day after his soul singer father died of 'suspected... The moment a heroic dog owner was mauled by two pit bulls as he saved his Jack Russell terrier from them 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns... 'Let black people go': Fresno 'race-hate gunman' launches racially charged outburst in court after 'killing... The incredible ways that animals see the world: From spiders to dogs, stunning infographics reveal how... How predatory plants digest their kill: Venus flytraps have sensory hairs that send out electrical signals... I am disappointed in Donald: Caitlyn Jenner hits out at President Trump over LGBTQ rights but admits she DID... Trump threatens to cut funding to sanctuary cities that defy his immigration crackdown CNN claims the FBI has 'evidence' that Russia tried to use Carter Page to influence Trump campaign  I'll give you the biggest tax cut EVER promises Trump as he says he will unveil tax reform plan next week Obama's Surgeon General is dismissed by Trump after 'assisting in a smooth transition'  Treasury Department says ExxonMobil can't drill in Russia as government denies request from Secretary of... Obama's big comeback: Former president will speak for the first time since exiting office on Monday in... 'Springing into the weekend!' Ivanka Trump posts adorable photo of Arabella leaping off the steps of the... She's got a spring in her step! Chelsea Clinton smiles from ear to ear as she models a bright floral frock... White House says it's confident the government won't shut down next week over a spending stalemate (but its... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez left behind a handwritten suicide note for his gay jailhouse LOVER - who is now on suicide watch - and two more for his fiancée and four-year-old daughter EXCLUSIVE: Beleaguered Bill O'Reilly is seen for first time since his $25 million firing by Fox News over sexual harassment claims - wearing sweatpants and slippers before going shoe shopping Aaron Hernandez 'murdered Odin Lloyd to keep his bisexuality a secret after the victim teased him about being a "schmoocher"' 'She’s the devil, and she will turn on you': Steve Bannon reveals that he warned Roger Ailes about Megyn Kelly and told the former Fox News CEO that his network star would betray him 'She barely spoke': Caretaker reveals how he helped police bust armed Amber Alert teacher and his 'brainwashed' student, 15, in 4am raid - as criminal complaint shows kidnapper refilled his Cialis prescription before skipping town Britain First leader is slammed for posting ‘video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks’ which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009 Private Prince: Never-seen-before pictures of reclusive Purple Rain megastar give a rare insight into the everyday life of tragic virtuoso one year on from his death American Airlines flight attendant 'whacks a mother with a stroller while she holds her twin babies and reduces her to tears' - then is filmed challenging a passenger to a FIGHT and yelling 'hit me!'  'Who let her in? She is either SICK or a fraud!' White race faker Rachel Dolezal causes outrage as she lectures black South Africans about her 'struggle' with being 'trans black' Commander in chic: Tiffany Trump parties with Bella Thorne and the rich kids of Instagram at NYC soiree that ends with late-night lingerie hot-tub dip 'We'll take your f***ing house': Sherry Lansing threatened to bankrupt Mike Myers after learning Wayne's World 2 script was based on a 1949 film then forced her 'shaken' star do a rewrite Stick-fighting warriors down pints of cow's blood for strength before battling for the right to pick a girl from their remote tribe The harsh reality of life under Jim Crow: Evocative color photographs show black workers toiling in cotton plantations while white farmers lounge in town  Aaron Hernandez's family ask judge to preserve prison evidence so they can investigate his death independently - and now they're petitioning to get his murder conviction thrown out too 'I am sorry I have let you down and ask for your forgiveness': Florida state Senator Frank Artiles resigns after calling colleagues the N-word EXCLUSIVE: Plastic wrap, Krazy Glue and silicone butt stick-ons - How Bruce Jenner secretly dressed himself as a woman and was crushed when Kim caught her but chose not to engage with her as Caitlyn Dictator's paradise: The secret retreat with 200ft pool yacht, waterslides and theme park rides where Kim Jong-un parties 'like it's Ibiza' The miserable life on the run of teacher and the 'brainwashed' 15-year-old he kidnapped: Pictures show how they holed up in a furnitureless cabin, cooked on a barbecue and slept on the floor Four-year-old boy's cannibal uncle skinned him, drank his blood and ate his HEART in horrific witchcraft ritual  Criminal complaint reveals detailed timeline of Amber Alert teacher's escape with his teen student, from their meet-up at a restaurant to their stays in cheap motels, and how he picked up chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly at Walmart San Francisco comes to a standstill as power outage hits nearly 100,000 causing traffic chaos, trapping residents in elevators and even halting the city's famous cable cars 'If you f*** me over, I'll kill you': NFL Network reporter reveals how Aaron Hernandez had once threatened him - as ex-player's family slam authorities for keeping them in the dark about his suicide notes The smirking prostitutes and grinning madams of Montreal: 1940s mugshots reveal the women who turned the city into a sex capital MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism Bed and breakfast owners closing their doors blame Airbnb, local government US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Florida Supreme Court denies new DNA analysis in death row inmate William 'Tommy' Zeigler's case Vanishing ocean floor in the Florida Keys worsens risks from sea rise, study finds Times columnist John Romano receives ACLU award John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Top News John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants Former President George H.W. Bush to remain in hospital through weekend Frank Artiles, Miami state senator, resigns after racist, profane remarks Controversial Florida state attorney Aramis Ayala receives noose in the mail Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Lightning's Victor Hedman finalist for Norris Trophy Oh, snap! Bucs guard Ali Marpet transitions to center Jones: FSU-Bucs draft connection, coincidental or cagey? Fed Cup: Triumphant return to Saddlebrook for Shelby Rogers Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Top News Review: 'T2 Trainspotting' deftly ages a drugged-out bunch Lettuce explain why you're paying a dollar more for leafy greens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Top Opinion Editorial: Tampa Bay ferry a successful experiment Cooperation got us ready for drought Column: More conversations needed on public safety Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Editorial: Balancing neighborhood character, new housing designs Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Video: Starbucks barista goes on an epic tirade over the Unicorn Frappuccino Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) PolitiFact's guide to fake news websites and what they peddle Joshua Gillin, PolitiFact Florida/Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles JOSHUA GILLINTampa Bay Times Friday, April 21, 2017 8:00am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged At first look, BostonTribune.com certainly seems a trustworthy source. So does KMT11.com. And ABCNews.com.co. Even 24wpn.com has an official ring to it. Related News/Archive Clearwater native starts fake news website as a joke, gets 1 million views within 2 weeks 1 Month Ago PolitiFact Florida: Utility group says Amendment 1 protects seniors, but measure offers no new regulations 5 Months Ago PolitiFact: Fact-checking Donald Trump's immigration speech 7 Months Ago But all of these websites peddle bogus stories, either by making up fake news or sharing it from other sources. And it's not always apparent to readers that's the case. Since December, we at PolitiFact have been partnering with Facebook to root out fabricated reports shared by social media users. As of April 19, we've written more than 80 fact-checks about fake news stories. We've noted some trends along the way, chief among them that it can be really difficult for readers — from casual skimmers to seasoned newshounds — to spot fake news outlets when they pop up. It's also difficult to determine where these fictional stories come from, and just how they spread across the Internet. Using our experiences, we've been able to create our own fake news almanac. We want to help readers sort out fact from fiction on their social news feeds, so we compiled a list of every website on which we've found deliberately false or fake news stories since we started working with Facebook — 156 in all. (See PolitiFact's Fake News Almanac at bit.ly/politifactfakes.) This is by no means a complete list of offenders. Nor does it necessarily mean every post on these websites is fake. But in most cases, these sites work hard to fool readers, and you should take that into consideration if you see a link being shared from one. Some websites just want you to click on their pages to generate advertising revenue. Others, it appears, want to reinforce fiercely held political views. And some regular websites apparently get duped by fake news articles, the same as readers. We've broken the websites on our list down into four broad categories, marked by specific aims and methods for generating or sharing fake news. Let's take a closer look at all four and how they operate. Parody or joke sites Many of the deliberately false or fake news stories we see in social media feeds begin on websites that attempt to parody real news — imagine the humor website The Onion, but without the name recognition (or often the comedic writing talent). It can be difficult to parse what the aims of these parody sites may be. They could be writing stories purely for entertainment, or they may be trolling a particular set of voters. These websites may or may not make it clear on individual links that their stories are fake, but will almost always say in a disclaimer somewhere on their site that their content is exaggerated or fictional. For example, a Dec. 3, 2016, article on a website called Politicono.com carried the headline, "Sarah Palin Calls To Boycott Mall Of America Because 'Santa Was Always White In The Bible.' " This story referred to a factual development: Minnesota's Mall of America hiring its first black Santa Claus. But then it quoted Palin as saying people should run the Mall of America "into the ground," on the basis of Santa "always having been white in the Bible," and, "No, I refuse to believe that they went this far in trying to cater to the minorities, I thought the company had some backbone but I guess I was wrong." The former Alaska governor and 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate never said these things. We rated the claim Pants On Fire! If you look closely enough, Politicono.com admits it makes things up. The site calls itself a "hybrid news/satire platform," taking real news hooks and building fake stories on top of them. Every article has a "show facts" button to illuminate which parts of the story are real and those that are fabricated. Only the first paragraph about the mall hiring an African-American Santa Claus is real. (Palin was not too pleased about the parody.) Politicono.com is not alone. It is part of an entire family of similar websites under the Newslo.com umbrella. Similar URLs share reports like this one, including websites like Politicalo.com, Politicot.com, Religionlo.com and Politicops.com. These are all registered to an administrator named Eli Sompo, who told us he creates sites for clients, but wouldn't give us much more information than that. Newslo.com is registered in Thessaloniki, Greece, but most of the sister sites belong to an address in Jerusalem. Being able to identify Sompo as the administrator is an exception, because learning who owns and operates these websites can be exasperatingly difficult. We can look up the owner of any website, but if the buyer has used a proxy service of some kind to buy the domain, there are precious few details about the true owner, or even from which country the site is operated. That is especially true in the case of our next couple of categories. News imposter sites Adding to the fog of fake news online, several websites appear to try to confuse readers into thinking they are the online outlets of traditional or mainstream media sources. These sites attempt to trick readers into thinking they are newspapers or radio or television stations. Like many other fake news sites, it's very difficult to see who owns them, thanks to private registrations. We did see that some sites were based in far-flung global locations like Macedonia and Chile. But most imposters we've found so far have set up shop anonymously through domain services like GoDaddy.com. One such site, CNNews3.com, not only used a web address similar to CNN, but its graphics also deliberately looked almost the same. The website ran a story on Feb. 6, 2017, that carried the headline, "HIV virus detected in Walmart bananas after 10 year old boy contracts the virus." (The website was recently taken down.) For the record, HIV can't survive outside the human body, so it's not possible for the virus to live in a fruit like a banana. The CNNews3.com story tries to cast doubt on this by noting researchers were puzzled by the banana-borne infections. We learned this story was a variation of other fake stories of disease-ridden fruit, and this one sprung from a Facebook user posting photos of a malady called mokillo. Mokillo is more colorfully known as finger-tip rot, and can be a problem for banana growers. The disease doesn't harm humans, but it does require banana growers to disinfect farming equipment. We rated that statement Pants On Fire! But while that story looked to instill fear to generate shares and clicks, some imposter websites appear to bank more on readers zeroing in on things they want to hear more about. We found an entire family of sites that created different versions of posts keyed to town names, apparently to generate advertising revenue. These sites have official-sounding names like 16WMPO.com, KY12News.com, Local31News.com and more, posting various versions of stories that falsely claim an event has happened. These posts, with only slight variations in details, say a celebrity's car broke down in a particular place, that a celebrity is moving to a certain town or, say, that the next Star Wars movie is being filmed nearby. The bulk of fake news websites, however, end up peddling their wares in a much more insidious manner. Fake news sites There's little consistency of content or style among fake news sites — the common thread appears to be that they distribute fabricated content, but the reasons aren't always apparent. We have found that almost all of them share or reblog a good deal of content from other sites, either with or without attribution, and much of it is from the sites in the first two categories. They also can potentially create their own false stories, or distribute larger conspiracy theories. These sites can be based anywhere. While many of them mask their registry information, we've found outlets based across the United States, but also in Canada, Georgia, Ghana, Sri Lanka and, as previously mentioned, Macedonia — a country where teenagers turned fake news into a regular cottage industry during the 2016 election. One website we've written about was UndergroundNewsReport.com, a fake news site that was started as a joke by an American living in Costa Rica. James McDaniel of Clearwater wanted to fool Donald Trump's supporters, so he attempted to cook up the most outrageous manufactured headlines he could think up. Instead of fading away into obscurity, the site gained 1 million views in less than two weeks. McDaniel eventually shut the site down once a fake story about Whoopi Goldberg insulting the wife of a slain Navy SEAL drew too much ire from readers who were fooled. Another prime example of a story that spread across fake news sites was one that said "first grandma" Marian Robinson will be getting a $160,000 annual pension after President Barack Obama and his family moved out of the White House. Bloggers on the websites USPostman.com and ENHLive.com both posted articles around December 2016 that said Robinson will get paid the money for "services rendered as full-time/in-home caregiver" for watching granddaughters Sasha and Malia. Of course, there are no such provisions for a first grandmother, and Robinson received nothing. We rated it Pants On Fire! The original story appeared on BostonTribune.com, a parody site that no longer appears to be working, and found its way to other sites. The migration shows how joke stories can cause harm even if they are originally labeled as fabricated. Other websites steal them to grind out page views, omitting indications the stories are made up. Most of these sites join services like Content.ad or RevContent.com that allow them to post a collection of provocative ads to make money off clicks. All the sites really need is content to keep the page views rolling in. While elaborate conspiracy theories and mindless clickbait show up on the pages, completely made-up posts work just as well. A bogus story like the one concerning Robinson highlighted several ingredients essential to making a fake news story draw readers and go viral: Outrageous claims, partisan rancor, government mechanisms, tax money and the president's family (President Barack Obama, in this case). Fake news doesn't easily die, either, instead morphing into new stories and propagating its own lies. Many websites later ran a follow-up about Robinson originally posted on TheLastLineOfDefense.org, an outlet that started as an elaborate ruse in which liberals trolled conservatives with wild, made-up posts looking to inflame the political right. Fake news sites have flocked to TheLastLineOfDefense.org, appropriating its stories to serve as repurposed content. One story said Robinson was arrested and charged with larceny and fraud for attempting to collect the mythical pension propagated by BostonTribune.com. That story also was made up, for the record. Sites that contain some fake news Finally, some websites appear to get duped like the rest of us. We have checked statements from sites that appear to carry real content, but contained one or more fake news stories. We don't know whether this is intentional or accidental, but it happens. One statement we checked was a Feb. 15, 2016, post on UrbanImageMagazine.com, a lifestyle and culture website, that declared that "300,000 pounds of rat meat sold as chicken wings across America." We found other instances of the same story elsewhere, too. The fake story said the Food and Drug Administration was issuing a warning about rodents being sold as chicken wings after several shipping containers of rat meat were impounded coming into San Francisco from China. The rat meat was allegedly filtering into the food system to deal with a shortage of poultry leading up to the Super Bowl. We rated the statement Pants On Fire! UrbanImageMagazine.com later told us they "had no idea" the story was fake. The story actually came from WorldNewsDailyReport.net, a known peddler of fake articles. The site admits as much in its disclaimer, referring to "the satirical nature of its articles and for the fictional nature of their content." Sometimes it's not even the editors of a site that are reposting the fake stuff. Outlets with user-generated content often fall victim, as well. An example is a post dated Dec. 8, 2015, headlined "Jimmy Carter: 'Medical marijuana cured my cancer,'" from CannaSOS.com. The site says it is a social media platform where "cannabis enthusiasts" can discuss information related to marijuana. The story said Carter credited marijuana for curing his cancer, but the fake story appears to have originated from a Dec. 7, 2015, post on a site called SatiraTribune.com. The post even credited the opening line from The Toyes' 1983 weed anthem "Smoke Two Joints" to Carter. There's no disclaimer on the site, but their Facebook page notes that SatiraTribune.com publishes "satirical and futuristic news." We rated this one Pants On Fire! We had asked CannaSOS.com if they had been aware the story was fiction. An administrator eventually told us that the post was a reader submission, and they were aware it was fake. But as of this writing, both the CannaSOS.com and UrbanImageMagazine.com posts are still online. Read more rulings at PolitiFact.com. Previous Next Previous Next PolitiFact's guide to fake news websites and what they peddle 04/21/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 21, 2017 11:13am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us NEWS Elizabeth Thomas rescued, Tad Cummins charged after student, teacher missing 5 weeks Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1901044" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. (WLS) Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity CNN Friday, April 21, 2017 05:31PM CECILVILLE, California -- Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, he and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who'd just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested -- and the girl was found safe -- Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, California, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. The former teacher is due in a California court Friday, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. The girl is expected to be returned to relatives in Tennessee Friday, her family says. The two spent at least one night in the cabin, police say. But they'd been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN affiliate KDRV. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, Barry told CNN affiliate KRCR. "He was saying he was from Colorado. He said he had a house fire and he got fired from his job, and he had his last $10 or whatever," Barry told KRCR. "I gave him $40 and put gas in his tank." The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station Tuesday, apparently having been turned away, Barry told KDRV. Barry said he offered Cummins work -- moving rocks -- and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry said he eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a Nissan Rogue without any license plates, and that Cummins' companion spoke few words for herself, he told KRCR and CNN affiliate KOBI. As he discussed and researched the pair with someone, Barry saw Cummins' picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. He called police Wednesday night, KRCR reported, and authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. Thursday morning, Barry asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. The girl was walking behind him and was detained. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Jason Whatley, the attorney for the girl's family. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to "clear his head." He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. The girl is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. "As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip," Gwyn said. "This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim." Gilley described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." Tennessee state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement "is accomplished by force, threat or fraud." That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old. She's 15 years old; she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the health sciences teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. The girl's family attorney Jason Whatley has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. After being suspended, court records say Cummins took out a loan for $4,500, took two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead, authorities say he picked the student up in Columbia, Tennessee, setting off a six-week police manhunt. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended - a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Copyright 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldkidnappingamber alertteacherstudentsabc newsnationalTennesseeCalifornia Email share share tweet email Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Related Tennessee teacher arrested; kidnapped student safe after 5 weeks Wife of Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping student breaks silence Missing Tennessee student: Video of teen missing with teacher released Missing Tennessee student: Suspect told her he was CIA, dad says Tenn. teacher, missing student spotted on Oklahoma surveillance tape Elizabeth Smart's father speaks out about missing teen Emails between allegedly kidnapped teen and former teacher reveal 'romantic interest,' says DA Teacher may have planned teen's abduction in advance, police say 'Help us bring her home,' pleads father of student allegedly kidnapped by former teacher Amber Alert: Search continues for missing teen, teacher NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Surgeon General Vivek Murthy resigns, replaced by deputy Caitlyn Jenner on how her relationship with her kids has changed Caitlyn Jenner reflects on how life has changed since transitioning Man killed in I-88 shooting at York Road More News Top Stories Man killed in I-88 shooting at York Road Explosion destroys house in Oak Forest Police: Man arrested admitted to killing woman, said he was 'partying rough' Your credit score could change this year Facebook Live moratorium called for by Boykin, Rev. Jackson, Fr. Pflager Bulls lose to Celtics 104-87 in Game 3 Indiana man arrested in Texas accused of torturing puppy Show More VIDEO: Semi drags car along interstate Bartender appeals fine for public belching, wins Baby bison boom expected at Fermilab 50th anniversary of deadly Belvidere tornadoes Jogger lied about finding ball of snakes More News Top Video Explosion destroys house in Oak Forest West Town church celebrates 150 years Paris Shooting: Champs-Elysees gunman had shot at police in France before CPD offers new technology to report crimes anonymously More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios Chicago Proud Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments See Tad Cummins' arrest affidavit: New details released since Elizabeth Thomas found safe Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 21, 2017 at 6:58 AM, updated April 21, 2017 at 4:02 PM comments Elizabeth Thomas is home: Watch dad's interview, see what Tad Cummins' family said about arrest A timeline of events in the Amber Alert case of Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins has been released in federal court records and provides new details of the alleged kidnapping. The details were made public in a federal arrest affidavit filed by Jonathan Hardison, a Columbia, Tennessee police officer who serves on an FBI task force. The arrest affidavit was released in federal court records after Cummins was apprehended and Thomas was found safe in northern California on Thursday. The new details include information about how the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation found out the two were in Oklahoma City on March 15. A 12-year-old student at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, Tennessee was the first person to report suspected inappropriate behavior between Thomas and Cummins. The 12-year-old reported to a school resource officer after seeing what was described as a "romantic peck" between then-teacher Cummins and his 15-year-old student Thomas on Jan. 23, according to court records. The 12-year-old and another student confronted Cummins about his relationship with Thomas, the records show. "The student related that Cummins rambled on and on about how much he loved his wife but indicated that (Thomas) sometimes went to church with him and his wife and that (Thomas) had a troubled past," court records state. Tennessee Bureau of Investigations officials discuss details of Tad Cummins arrest Detectives and a school resource officer contacted Thomas' father, Anthony, and got access to her call history. The teen's cellphone showed brief contact with Cummins' phone number on Jan. 31, court records state. That day, detectives spoke with Thomas, who denied Cummins kissed her, records show. Thomas claimed she had an argument with another teacher about going to the bathroom on the day of the reported kiss, Hardison wrote in court documents. "Upset over the incident, she went to Cummins' classroom," the documents state. "(Thomas) indicated Cummins may have been consoling her when the student walked in. (Thomas) advised that Cummins possibly held both of her hands around the wrist area and may have been close to her face at the time, telling her she needed to calm down." The following day, Feb. 1, detectives interviewed Cummins, who described his relationship with Thomas as that of "a father figure at school," the complaint states. After the kiss was reported, the school system order Cummins and Thomas not to have any contact. On Feb. 3, Cummins was caught having Thomas in his classroom when other students were present. Three days later the teacher was suspended. The disappearances The morning of March 13, Cummins borrowed his wife's Nissan Rogue, the vehicle that eventually would lead to his capture. Cummins told his wife he was going to a job interview at a medical center in Williamson County. Investigators later determined the interview was not actually scheduled. Also that morning, Thomas was dropped off by a friend at a Shoney's restaurant in Columbia. Cummins was seen on surveillance footage filling up the Nissan with gas at a nearby convenience store. Later that day, investigators placed Cummins in Decatur, Alabama. When Cummins' wife, Jill, got home that evening, she found a note from her husband saying he was gone to Virgina Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head, according to the court records. "He said he would be back and urged his wife not to call police," the documents state. "Cummins denied doing anything wrong and asked his wife to forgive him. At the time, the wife did not contact police." When Thomas hadn't arrived home by 10:30 p.m., her father called the Maury County Sheriff's Office to report her missing, records show. "The father told deputies he was concerned his daughter might be with Cummins," the officer wrote in court records. On the run As of March 14 -- the day after Cummins and Thomas disappeared -- Amber Alerts had been issued in Tennessee and Alabama and Cummins was fired by the school system. That morning, Cummins' wife reported to the sheriff's office that her husband hadn't come home the night before, records show. She reported Cummins had taken out a $4,500 loan the week before, but the money was missing along with two guns, clothes and toiletries, records show. Cummins and Thomas went undetected until March 29 when the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation got a call from a Super 8 Motel employee who reported Cummins had stayed at a location in Oklahoma City on March 15-16, the report states. Once investigators confirmed the hotel guest was Cummins, a witness told them he had asked for directions to Wal-Mart, court records state. Investigators got surveillance footage from a Wal-Mart near Interstate 240 on March 30 and confirmed Cummins and Thomas had been inside the store 15 days earlier. On April 1, investigators got a call from Wyndham Hotels and Resorts and learned Cummins booked a room in Guymon, Oklahoma on March 16-17. The room, the report says, had only one bed. Further investigation of that tip also led authorities to learn Thomas and Cummins visited another Wal-Mart store March 16, purchasing women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes and KY Jelly, the report states. Captured in California For weeks, authorities have been urging the public to remain vigilant in secluded or off-the-grid areas, as they expected Cummins was keeping Thomas somewhere out of the public's eye. And that's exactly where the two were found -- at a secluded cabin early Thursday morning in Siskiyou County, California near the Oregon border. The cabin is located in a remote area of the county, two hours away from the sheriff's office. Authorities had a difficult time getting to the cabin, as there was snow on the ground, TBI officials have said. Thomas is expected to be back in Tennessee with her family today. Cummins is being held in federal custody on a charge of transportation of a minor across state lines for sexual intercourse. The charge carries a minimum sentence of 10 years in prison. In Tennessee, Cummins is being charged with felony kidnapping and misdemeanor having sexual contact with a minor. Elizabeth Thomas found in California; Tad Cummins arrested Officer Hardison notes in the affidavit that not all evidence and information about the incident is included in public court records. "Because this affidavit is being submitted for a limited purpose, I have set forth only those facts necessary to establish probable cause for the offense," Hardison wrote in the complaint. "Except where otherwise indicated, all statement referred to herein are set for in substance and in part, rather than verbatim and in full." Tad Cummins arrest affidavit by Ashley Remkus on Scribd Best restaurant in each Alabama county ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Current Edition Topics Agriculture Economy Energy & Oil Entertainment Environment Fisheries Health & Science Investments Politics Real Estate Tourism Regions Antarctica Argentina Brazil Chile Falkland Islands International Latin America Mercosur Pacific Alliance Paraguay Unasur United States Uruguay Venezuela News Archive MercoPress, en Español Search Login Search Get our news on your inbox! Suscribe x Remember me Login Forgot password Login with Facebook Create an account MercoPress. South Atlantic News Agency MercoPress, en Español Montevideo, April 22nd 2017 - 07:01 UTC Trump administration plans to release major tax reform plan very soon Venezuela opposition announced three more days of protests Russian shipping conglomerate suing Venezuela's oil giant PDVSA for unpaid fees Venezuela donated US$ 500.000 to the inauguration of President Donald Trump Friday, April 21st 2017 - 10:00 UTC Full article 1 comment The payment for Trump's inauguration was reportedly made through Citgo, a US subsidiary of Venezuelan PDVSA. Venezuela has donated US$500,000 to US President Donald Trump's inauguration, newly released records show. Citgo Petroleum, a US-based subsidiary of the Venezuelan state-owned oil company, is named in papers filed with the Federal Election Commission.  The revelation comes as the Venezuelan economy appears to be crippled by food shortages, violent crime and inflation. Three people were killed in protests on Wednesday as tens of thousands took to the streets to demand new elections. Other major corporations named in the documents include Pepsi and Walmart, which gave US$250,000 and US$150,000 respectively, while owners of NFL teams or their companies gave more than US$5m. Casino owner and billionaire Sheldon Adelson also gave US$5m. Venezuela is in the middle of a major economic crisis, which has the oil-rich country flirting with hyperinflation. Street protests demanding the resignation of President Nicolas Maduro resulted in at least three persons shot dead. In this chaotic context, it is perhaps less surprising that Venezuelan media did not seem to dedicate much time to cover the news that their government gave, through a state-owned oil company, a US$500,000 contribution to Donald Trump's inauguration. The payment was reportedly made through Citgo, a US subsidiary of Venezuelan state-owned oil company PDVSA. It is not the first time Citgo has been involved in politically controversial activities in the US. President Maduro's predecessor, Hugo Chavez, used the company a few years ago to provide subsidized fuel to low-income citizens in several major US cities. His critics said then it was a propaganda ploy designed to annoy his ideological rivals at the White House. But now the Maduro administration would seem to be in a less confrontational mode towards Washington. The Venezuelan president has recently been quoted saying that Trump has been the target of a brutal hate campaign and added that he won't be worse than Obama. Categories: Politics, United States, Venezuela. Tags: CITGO, Donald Trump, Hugo Chávez, Nicolas Maduro, PDVSA, United States, Venezuela. Top Comments Disclaimer & comment rules Kanye Maduro, WTF ?? Giving away $500,000 to someone who doesn't need it, while his people starve. Ideologically he sounds more confused than ever! Tragic. Posted 16 hours ago 0 Read all comments Please log in or register (it’s free!) to comment. Login with Facebook Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Commented 67 Theresa May plans a snap general election: “The country is coming together but Westminster is not” 49 Argentina a divided country, which needs to promote the culture of dialogue and honesty 20 South Atlantic air bridge rerouted temporarily; repairs to the Ascension Island runway 8 British snap election campaign takes off; May wants to increase her current majority of 17 7 Chile expands Patagonia national parks with Tompkins Foundation donation About MercoPress. | RSS Feeds | Contact us | Advertise © Copyright 1997 - 2016, MercoPress.
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Police & Fire 04/21/17 6:54am Police seek public’s help to identify men suspected of stealing by Riverhead News-Review | 04/21/2017 6:54 AM | No Comments Tweet Suffolk County Crime Stoppers and Riverhead Town police are seeking the public’s help to identify and locate two men wanted for separate thefts in Riverhead. On March 16 at about 10:15 p.m., a man stole a 40-inch television from Walmart on Route 58. The man left the store without paying for the television, which was valued at $448. He was described as a white, stocky man wearing a black hat, white long-sleeve shirt and blue jeans, according to police. In another incident on March 19, a man stole children’s clothing from Polo Ralph Lauren Children’s at Tanger Outlets. The theft occurred about 7 p.m., police said. Suffolk County Crime Stoppers offers a cash reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to an arrest in either case. Anyone with information can call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-220-TIPS. All calls are kept confidential. Photo caption: The man who allegedly stole a TV, left, and the suspect who stole children’s clothing. (Credit: Suffolk County Crime Stoppers) Comments comments Riverhead Town Police, Suffolk County Crime Stoppers Find a Pro See More kitchens Cusumano Custom Homes & Remodeling View Page landscaping and gardeners Blue Water Irrigation Greenport PO Box 147 landscaping and gardeners Beaver Tree Co. Orient 1280 Diedricks Rd construction S & Z BUILDERS North Fork, Shelter Island & South Fork 2780 DUCK POND RD Next Post > See a time-lapse of Riverhead from 1984 to 2016 < Previous Post Twin Fork Beer Company applies for new Riverhead brewery, tasting room Similiar Articles See a time-lapse of Riverhead from 1984 to 2016 by Riverhead News-Review 04/21/17 2:30pm No Comments Check out a 32-year time-lapse of Riverhead Town through Google Earth Engine. The Time Machine function allows you to see… Read More Twin Fork Beer Company applies for new Riverhead brewery, tasting room by Kelly Zegers 04/21/17 6:02am No Comments After two years of planning, Twin Fork Beer Company has applied to construct a new brewery and tasting room on an… Read More Defendant in fatal Flanders home invasion returns to court after absence by Tim Gannon 04/19/17 7:24pm No Comments One day after skipping jury selection at his own murder trial, a man accused of firing the fatal shot in a January… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Police seek public’s help to identify men suspected of stealing 04/21/2017 6:54 AM Twin Fork Beer Company applies for new Riverhead brewery, tasting… 04/21/2017 6:02 AM Peconic Paddler sold to group led by firefighter 04/21/2017 6:00 AM North Fork Uber? Local officials welcome the ride-sharing service 04/20/2017 6:00 AM Defendant in fatal Flanders home invasion returns to court after… 04/19/2017 7:24 PM Concerns raised over proposed downtown parking limit extension 04/19/2017 4:23 PM Hampton murder trial off to unusual start as defendant declines… 04/19/2017 5:59 AM Deputy county executive hired to implement governor’s shared services initiative 04/18/2017 12:12 PM ZBA rejects wine store plan for historic Jamesport farmhouse 04/17/2017 1:54 PM Neighbors of proposed multiplex voice concerns over height, litter 04/17/2017 6:00 AM Southampton Blotter: Flanders woman alerts police over Facebook post 04/16/2017 6:01 AM Community comes out in support of Jamesport Farm Brewery 04/16/2017 6:00 AM Riverhead firefighters knock down brush fire off Edwards Avenue 04/15/2017 4:41 PM Cops: Attempted armed robbery reported at Riverhead Supermarket & Deli 04/15/2017 6:55 AM Consultant: Portion of pollution cleanup at EPCAL could take 30… 04/15/2017 6:00 AM Riverhead Blotter: Thief leaves IOU note in 7-Eleven cash register 04/15/2017 5:55 AM Cops: Teen discovered with burns following shed fire in Riverhead 04/14/2017 4:41 PM Congressman Zeldin to hold mobile office hours in Peconic 04/14/2017 12:03 PM Luminati cancels air show planned for this summer 04/13/2017 5:35 PM SCCC’s proposed fitness center with Olympic-size pool gets $2M from… 04/12/2017 12:30 PM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker Madison Fender to exhibit photos at Industry Standard Greenport A look inside Shelter Island Craft Brewery Drink A message from Long Island Wine Council president Roman Roth Drink Palmer Vineyards Albariño is our ‘Wine of the Week’ Drink Recent Facebook Posts Softball: Mercy prevails over Mattituck in slugfest Friday’s game was a true slugfest, with both teams combining for 26 hits. 6 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 5 hours ago See a time-lapse of Riverhead from 1984 to 2016 A pretty cool feature of Google Earth Engine 14 likes, 4 comments ⋅ 12 hours ago Editorial: Fairytale trips should not be funded by taxpayers Let’s not pretend they’re studying rocket science on Space Mountain or holding mock debates in the Hall of Presidents. 87 likes, 18 comments ⋅ 13 hours ago Twin Fork Beer Company applies for new Riverhead brewery, tasting room Twin Fork Beer Company is hoping to add to the area’s craft brewing boom. 16 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 14 hours ago Peconic Paddler sold to group led by firefighter ‘I’m sort of sad about it because I’ve been here for 51 years, but I’m relieved, too.’ 82 likes, 11 comments ⋅ 18 hours ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Conquering Addiction Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Road Rants Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Weather Team Daily Forecast Weather Kids Hourly Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Power Outages Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Beacon Retirement Strategies Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Takacs McGinnis Elder Care Law Hour Words & Music Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 2 Weather Alerts Areal Flood Advisory issued April 22 at 1:46AM CDT expiring April 22 at 3:45AM CDT in effect for: Chester, Hardeman, Haywood, Henderson, Madison Flash Flood Watch issued April 21 at 8:20PM CDT expiring April 23 at 4:00AM CDT in effect for: Bedford, Cannon, Cheatham, Clay, Coffee, Cumberland, Davidson, DeKalb, Dickson, Fentress, Giles, Grundy, Hickman, Houston, Humphreys, Jackson, Lawrence, Lewis, Macon, Marshall, Maury, Montgomery, Overton, Perry, Pickett, Putnam, Robertson, Rutherford, Smith, Stewart, Sumner, Trousdale, Van Buren, Warren, Wayne, White, Williamson, Wilson 2 Weather Alerts Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins: 'I'm glad this is over' CNN 12:08 PM, Apr 20, 2017 5:48 AM, Apr 21, 2017 Share Article Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next (CNN) -- After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student was arrested Thursday deep in the mountains of northern California, authorities said. "I'm glad this is over," 50-year-old Tad Cummins said after his arrest, according to Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley. Elizabeth Thomas was found safe in a remote cabin in Cecilville, northwest of Redding. The pair spent one night in the cabin before the arrest, but they may have been in the area for about a week, Gilley said.   The cabin's caretaker alerted law enforcement to their presence and helped them hatch a plan to draw Cummins from the residence unarmed and without Thomas, the cabin's owner told CNN. The arrest ends a nationwide manhunt that began on March 13, when Cummins fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins face federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. But the search for answers is far from over. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Jason Whatley, attorney for the family. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate."   NEWS ALERT: Tad Cummins is under arrest and Elizabeth Thomas has been safely recovered in Northern California. More details soon! pic.twitter.com/QezSERDzHV— TBI (@TBInvestigation) April 20, 2017   Alert residents assist capture The pair disappeared as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. Cummins had been suspended after a student reported seeing them kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone encountered Cummins in Siskiyou County, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said Cummins had taken up residence in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found a silver Nissan Rogue parked outside the cabin, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins.   The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin is close to a commune called Black Bear Ranch but it's not part of the commune, said the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare. He was not on the property when the pair was there. The cabin's caretaker spoke to the couple, O'Hare said. He added that a friend of his was also at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn't seem right, O'Hare said. Cummins told O'Hare's friend that he was 44 years old, the young woman with him was 22 and they were recently married. He added that when Thomas wanted to share something she would whisper stuff in Cummins ear and then Cummins would repeat it. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. The property caretaker called the sheriff's department and helped them devise a plan to capture Cummins, O'Hare said, That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O'Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. He described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." 'It only takes one tip' Elizabeth is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. As of Thursday evening, her family was waiting to communicate with her before speaking publicly. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. "As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip," Gwyn said. "This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim." After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement "is accomplished by force, threat or fraud." That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 75° Login Subscribe Full Menu 75° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Be sure to treat your pets for heartworm, a Sound Off reader says. Picasa Sound Off April 21, 2017 4:50 AM Sound Off for April 21: Treat your dog for heartworm LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Use a preventive There is absolutely no reason to lose any dog to heartworm. There are very effective monthly preventive medications. But you have to actually use them to get the benefits. Bill O’Reilly Turned on Fox but no O’Reilly. Had always regarded him so highly. Ol’ Bill committed a workplace no-no. He must have missed Murdoch’s memo! Just you Speak for yourself. You may have a problem reading Trump’s tax returns, but don’t assume we are all incapable. Others could To “Too Complex,” I am one of those clamoring for Trump’s tax returns and you are exactly right — I wouldn’t have a clue as to what they contained. But I feel certain that other, more-qualified minds would, and his refusal to release them should be a huge red flag. Yoo-hoo! To the handsome gentleman I met in the Wal-Mart parking lot in Biloxi about two weeks ago, you were driving a big white truck and wearing a blue-and-white plaid shirt. I thought you were charming, and I hope we meet again. From the lady who did not run you over. Our ‘prism’ is gone A sad day for us O’Reilly fans. No more “old school” guy to present today’s problems through a traditional-way-of-thought prism. He may have his many faults but he was truly a media “voice in the wilderness” for many of us. Wrong message How sad that Bill O’Reilly is getting the boot not because of his behavior toward women, for which he and Fox paid out millions of dollars, but because that behavior finally became public. It says to women it’s fine for men to behave in an inappropriate way, and those men will not be punished in any way, as long as it doesn’t affect the profits of a company. Why bother? Have watched numerous so-called town hall meetings by Republicans over the country that were nothing but organized continuous shout-downs by Democrats. A town hall meeting is supposed to be a rational question-and-answer event. If the opposition will not allow it, why have it? I like Palazzo’s telephone town hall; it provides an opportunity for more people to participate. And, in light of recent events, it would keep bad actors from preventing the purpose of the meeting. Send your Sound Off comments to soundoff@sunherald.com for consideration for publication. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email an hour ago Biloxi bats come alive 1:08 an hour ago Biloxi bats come alive 2:08 an hour ago Watch Biloxi's five-run fifth unfold 2:06 an hour ago Long Beach tops Picayune in Game 1 View More Video Sound Off Sound Off for April 20: Lower prices Sound Off for April 19: You should check out the Shuckers Sound Off for April 18: We had a great time at Shuckers game Sound Off for April 17: Thank you for Mike Webb story Sound Off for April 16: Special thanks Sound Off Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Outlaw Music Festival Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Their Prices on Outlaw Music Festival Tickets featuring Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, Sheryl Crow, and More “Buy Outlaw Music Festival Tickets are On Sale at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code” Outlaw Music Festival concert tickets are on sale now for discount prices with promo code. Trusted secondary ticket market provider CapitalCityTickets.com is providing music fans with a promo code CITY5 to save an additional 5% on all orders. CapitalCityTickets.com carries a vast selection of Outlaw Music Festival concert tickets at affordable prices. The Outlaw Music Festival will take place in several cities across the country starting on July 1st in Metairie, LA. Brought to you by Nelson and Blackbird Presents, the Outlaw Music Festival Tour will feature festival attractions including “local cuisine, craft beers, and crafts by local artisans.”  The Outlaw tour will feature Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, The Avett Brothers, and Sheryl Crow on select dates. Jason Isbell and The 400 Unit, My Morning Jacket, Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats, Margo Price, Hayes Carll, and Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real also appear on select gigs. Here are the first six stops announced: July 1 – Metairie, La., Shrine on Airline  Willie Nelson & Family, The Avett Brothers, Sheryl Crow, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real, and more artists yet to be announced July 2 – Dallas, Texas, Starplex Pavilion  Willie Nelson & Family, Sheryl Crow, The Avett Brothers, Hayes Carll, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real July 6 – Rogers, Ark., Walmart AMP Willie Nelson & Family, Jason Isbell and The 400 Unit, Sheryl Crow, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real July 8 – Detroit, Mich., Joe Louis Arena  Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan and His Band, Jason Isbell and The 400 Unit, Sheryl Crow, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real July 9 – Milwaukee, Wis., American Family Insurance Amphitheatre (Summerfest) Willie Nelson & Family, Bob Dylan and His Band, Sheryl Crow, Jason Isbell and The 400 Unit, Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats, Margo Price, Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real July 16 – Syracuse, N.Y., Lakeview Amphitheatre Willie Nelson & Family, My Morning Jacket, Sheryl Crow, Margo Price CLICK HERE to browse all levels of seating for Outlaw Music Festival concerts at CapitalCityTickets.com. CapitalCityTickets.com stocks all levels of seating and price ranges to the Outlaw Music Festival! CapitalCityTickets.com also offers a safe online buying experience for Outlaw Music Festival tickets. Save time and money with CapitalCityTickets.com, all the tickets are backed with a 100% money back guarantee. Follow on Social Media for Special Deals and Discounts Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/CapitalTickets CapitalCityTickets.com Live Customer Support Order By Phone Toll Free 7 Days a Week (855) 514-5624 Browse the inventory of tickets for Outlaw Music Festival at CapitalCityTickets.com today and save! http://www.capitalcitytickets.com/Outlaw-Music-Festival-Tickets Disclaimer: CapitalCityTickets.com is not associated with any artists, teams, venues, organizations, institutions, bands, or artists featured on their website in any way. Also, any names or titles used in this press release are solely for descriptive purposes and do not imply, indicate, or suggest any type of affiliation, partnership, or endorsement. CapitalCityTickets.com is a reliable online marketplace serving the secondary market with tickets for all major concerts, sports, and theatre events. Online shoppers can take advantage of Promo Code “CITY5” while tickets last. Check out the discount codes online for all upcoming events. CapitalCityTickets.com keeps low overheads which allow this trusted ticket site to keep prices competitive CapitalCityTickets.com | Live Customer Support | Order By Phone Toll Free | 7:00am-1:00am EST | (855) 514-5624 Media Contact Company Name: CapitalCityTickets.com Contact Person: Media Relations Email: customerservice@capitalcitytickets.com Phone: 1-855-514-5624 Country: United States Website: http://www.capitalcitytickets.com/Outlaw-Music-Festival-Tickets CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts & Entertainment, Celebrity, Media & Communications, News & Current Affairs, Society & Culture Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Primaquine Market Outlook along with Marketing Strategy Analysis including Distributors/Traders, Marketing Channel (Direct & Indirect) 2017-2022 Next PostNext Cheap Cirque du Soleil Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Lowering Their Prices on Cirque du Soleil Tickets for Shows Nationwide Search Recent Posts Alexey Miller and Uzbek Deputy Prime Minister Gulomzhon Ibragimov see bright prospects for cooperation Gazprom forging ahead with its innovative projects Gazprom committed to constructive dialogue with investment community Global Airway Management Devices (Supraglottic, Infraglottic, Resuscitators, Laryngoscopes) Market Analysis 2014 – 2025 – Research and Markets CSI Compressco LP Announces Quarterly Distribution and Schedule for First Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Proudly powered by WordPress
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Indiana General Assembly OKs tax hikes, new fees to pay for road improvements AP 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. By Holly Yan, Sara Sidner and Emanuella Grinberg, CNN Apr 21, 2017 Updated 14 hrs ago After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student was arrested Thursday deep in the mountains of northern California, authorities said. "I'm glad this is over," 50-year-old Tad Cummins said after his arrest, according to Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley. Elizabeth Thomas was found safe in a remote cabin in Cecilville, northwest of Redding. The pair spent one night in the cabin before the arrest, but they may have been in the area for about a week, Gilley said. The cabin's caretaker alerted law enforcement to their presence and helped them hatch a plan to draw Cummins from the residence unarmed and without Thomas, the cabin's owner told CNN. The arrest ends a nationwide manhunt that began on March 13, when Cummins fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins face federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. But the search for answers is far from over. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Jason Whatley, attorney for the family. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." Timeline: From kissing allegation to 5-week manhunt Alert residents assist capture The pair disappeared as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. Cummins had been suspended after a student reported seeing them kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone encountered Cummins in Siskiyou County, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said Cummins had taken up residence in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found a silver Nissan Rogue parked outside the cabin, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin is close to a commune called Black Bear Ranch but it's not part of the commune, said the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare. He was not on the property when the pair was there. The cabin's caretaker spoke to the couple, O'Hare said. He added that a friend of his was also at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn't seem right, O'Hare said. Cummins told O'Hare's friend that he was 44 years old, the young woman with him was 22 and they were recently married. He added that when Thomas wanted to share something she would whisper stuff in Cummins ear and then Cummins would repeat it. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. The property caretaker called the sheriff's department and helped them devise a plan to capture Cummins, O'Hare said, That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O'Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. He described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." 'It only takes one tip' Elizabeth is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. As of Thursday evening, her family was waiting to communicate with her before speaking publicly. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip," Gwyn said. "This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim." After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement "is accomplished by force, threat or fraud." That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." CNN's Sara Sidner reported and wrote from Yreka, California. CNN's Holly Yan and Emanuella Grinberg wrote and reported from Atlanta. Journalist Burt Staggs, CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton, Roxanne Garcia, Natisha Lance, Eliott C. McLaughlin, Artemis Moshtaghian and HLN's Mike Galanos contributed to this report. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Cnn Latest in section Hawaii bill giving equal access to fertility treatment dies Today in History Vermont student arrested in school death threats The most popular National Park Service site in each state New York's mayor blasts Sessions' 'soft on crime' statement More on this topic Hawaii bill giving equal access to fertility treatment dies Today in History Vermont student arrested in school death threats New York's mayor blasts Sessions' 'soft on crime' statement Fresno killings suspect has 2-decade history of violence Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til being sold, nine Ultra stores to close UPDATE: Police ID woman stabbed in Chesterton homicide UPDATE: Victim's father says daughter was caring, loyal Indiana cancels nearly half a million voter registrations UPDATE: No explanation for door left ajar at Valpo school Currents Movies Ranking the worst movie sequels of all time +20 World News Photos: The mausoleum of Turkey's founding father Ataturk Jobs What are the highest-paying careers? Today’s top pics: Another deadly Paris shooting and more Your daily 6: A flying car, the Teacher of the Year, the X-Files Today's Birthdays, April 21: Queen Elizabeth II Today In History, April 21: Prince Paul scores 34, Clippers beat Jazz 111-106 to take 2-1 lead Westbrook's triple-double leads Thunder past Rockets 115-113 Kuraly's 2nd goal of game lifts Bruins past Senators in 2OT Kluber throws 3-hitter, Indians beat White Sox 3-0 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses ANGELOS PRIME GRILL 1542 US 41, SCHERERVILLE, IN 46375 FRASIER ENTERPRISES - MIRACLE EAR 131 ENTERPRISE RD, JOHNSTOWN, NY 12095 Oil N Go Po Box 1968, Valparaiso, IN 46383 TRILLIUM WOODS NURSERY 1310 LAKE DRIVE, CHESTERTON, IN 46304 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Let Forest Ridge Family Dentistry Transform your smile... Painlessly! Call today to schedule your next appointment! 219-756-2345 Updated Apr 20, 2017 Duneland Painting Company Duneland Painting Offers Power Washing Services! Call today: 219-201-5715 Updated Apr 20, 2017 Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Recently engaged? Call Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken to plan your dream ceremony. (219) 663-3900 Updated Apr 20, 2017 J & J Coins & Stamps We also offer appraisal and jewelry repair services. Call or stop in today! Apr 12, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 51° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Periods of rain early. High 58F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 43F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 22, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Nation AP 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. By Holly Yan, Sara Sidner and Emanuella Grinberg, CNN 16 hrs ago (…) After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student was arrested Thursday deep in the mountains of northern California, authorities said. "I'm glad this is over," 50-year-old Tad Cummins said after his arrest, according to Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley. Elizabeth Thomas was found safe in a remote cabin in Cecilville, northwest of Redding. The pair spent one night in the cabin before the arrest, but they may have been in the area for about a week, Gilley said. The cabin's caretaker alerted law enforcement to their presence and helped them hatch a plan to draw Cummins from the residence unarmed and without Thomas, the cabin's owner told CNN. The arrest ends a nationwide manhunt that began on March 13, when Cummins fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins face federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. But the search for answers is far from over. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Jason Whatley, attorney for the family. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." Timeline: From kissing allegation to 5-week manhunt Alert residents assist capture The pair disappeared as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. Cummins had been suspended after a student reported seeing them kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone encountered Cummins in Siskiyou County, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said Cummins had taken up residence in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found a silver Nissan Rogue parked outside the cabin, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin is close to a commune called Black Bear Ranch but it's not part of the commune, said the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare. He was not on the property when the pair was there. The cabin's caretaker spoke to the couple, O'Hare said. He added that a friend of his was also at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn't seem right, O'Hare said. Cummins told O'Hare's friend that he was 44 years old, the young woman with him was 22 and they were recently married. He added that when Thomas wanted to share something she would whisper stuff in Cummins ear and then Cummins would repeat it. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. The property caretaker called the sheriff's department and helped them devise a plan to capture Cummins, O'Hare said, That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O'Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. He described her condition as alternating between "stoic" and "emotional," understandable given the circumstances, he said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," he said. "The two obviously have a relationship ... her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." 'It only takes one tip' Elizabeth is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. As of Thursday evening, her family was waiting to communicate with her before speaking publicly. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. "As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip," Gwyn said. "This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim." After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement "is accomplished by force, threat or fraud." That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins' estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was "very emotional" when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. "She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt," Cox said. "She has not spoken to Tad." Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. "This is not somewhere they had frequently visited," her attorney said. "I'm not aware that they had ever been there." CNN's Sara Sidner reported and wrote from Yreka, California. CNN's Holly Yan and Emanuella Grinberg wrote and reported from Atlanta. Journalist Burt Staggs, CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton, Roxanne Garcia, Natisha Lance, Eliott C. McLaughlin, Artemis Moshtaghian and HLN's Mike Galanos contributed to this report. View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis police chief out on new mayor's first full day No known motive behind attack that killed 2 Laclede Gas workers in St. Louis Laclede Gas shooting victims were outdoorsman, family man; killer had criminal past Loss-prevention officer at St. Louis area malls kidnapped and raped customers, prosecutors say E.J. Dionne: Trump: Now it's Bannon's fault Follow us Quick links Current Affairs Obituaries Winning submissions will be featured in a special section in the Post-Dispatch on May 7. $1.00 for Sunday Delivery Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, April 22, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Sports / UA women golfers seek first title By Tom Murphy This article was published April 21, 2017 at 2:07 a.m. PHOTO BY MICHAEL WOODS Maria Fassi, from the University of Arkansas, watches her drive off the 10th tee Friday, June 24, 2016 during the LPGA Wal-Mart NW Arkansas Championship at Pinnacle Country Club in Rogers. Fassi earned a spot in the tournament with a sponsors exemption. Comments aAFont Size At a glance SEC Women’s Golf Championships When Today-Sunday Where Greystone Golf & Country Club, Birmingham, Ala. Course Par 72, 6,898 yards Arkansas Lineup (stroke average) Alana Uriell (72.23), Maria Fassi (73.41), Kaylee Benton (73.5), Cara Gorlei (73.82), Summar Roachell (76.8). Team rankings (Golfweek top 25) No. 1 Alabama, No. 6 Florida, No. 7 Georgia, No. 11 South Carolina, No. 12 Arkansas, No. 23 Texas A&M Noteworthy Arkansas’ Maria Fassi tied for fifth at 1-under 215 at last year’s 54-hole SEC competition. … The SEC women’s tournament is being played at the Legacy Course at Greystone for the fifth consecutive year. … The top five individuals in the SEC are Alabama’s Cheyenne Knight (70.41 average), Texas A&M’s Maddie Szeryk (70.56), Florida’s Maria Torres (71.04), Alabama’s Lauren Stephenson (71.05) and South Carolina’s Katelyn Dambaugh (71.26). — Tom Murphy FAYETTEVILLE -- The Arkansas Razorbacks' women's golf team will take Golfweek's No. 12 ranking into the SEC Championships this weekend in Birmingham, Ala. That makes the Razorbacks the fifth-highest ranked team in the SEC, led by No. 1 Alabama, heading into the 54-hole tournament today through Sunday at the Greystone Golf & Country Club's Legacy course. "It shows you how tough the SEC is," Arkansas Coach Shauna Estes-Taylor said. "We'll have to play our best golf to win." The Razorbacks, who have four top-5 finishes this season, including a victory at the 12-team Mary S. Kauth Invitational in October, are looking for their first SEC title after finishing second in 2008, 2009 and 2012. Arkansas finished third last season behind Alabama and Florida, and has been no lower than eighth every year since 2007. The Razorbacks will be led by junior Alana Uriell, who has a team-best 72.23 stroke average. Uriell will be joined in the lineup by sophomore Maria Fassi, sophomore Kaylee Benton, senior Summar Roachell and sophomore Cara Gorlei. Estes-Taylor thinks her club is peaking at the right time. "I think our team is playing some of the best golf we've played all year," she said. "It comes down to putting. If they can get some putts to fall, it's a magnet for good stuff to come. It'll all come down to putting." Sports on 04/21/2017 Print Headline: UA women golfers seek first title Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Sports Penguins moving on, finish off Blue Jackets Beltran's home run helps Astros get past Ange... MLB Notes Arkansas track teams finally together at McDo... UA women golfers seek first title Cards beat Travs Razorbacks seeking consistency Williams gets praise in return Nonconference schedules tough More Sports stories > Comments on: UA women golfers seek first title To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump says he will release tax changes package next week (6 comments) Arkansas carries out 1 execution; at 11:56 p.m., drugs end Lee’s life (27 comments) Firm asked state not to use drug in executions months before 'donation,' letters show (8 comments) UAMS nurse held in bank robbery (12 comments) Nurse accused of robbing Pulaski County bank arrested within 15 minutes, authorities say (7 comments) Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations (37 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:01 GMT, Apr 22, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Cherokee Nation sues top drug distributors for ‘opioid diversion’ Published time: 21 Apr, 2017 04:01Edited time: 21 Apr, 2017 10:55 Get short URL © Ali Jarekji / Reuters A Native American tribe is suing the six largest drug distributors and pharmacies in the country, charging the companies with flooding their community with hundreds of millions of highly addictive pain pills. Lawyers for the Cherokee Nation filed a lawsuit on Thursday against the three largest drug distributors – McKesson Corporation, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen – which control 85 to 90 percent of all prescription drug distribution in the country.  Read more Drug overdose deaths overwhelm Maryland medical examiner’s office The suit also charges three of the largest retail drug distributors and pharmacies – CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. – for failing to prevent the diversion of opioid drugs to the black market, profiting from the opioid epidemic, and decimating 14 counties in northeast Oklahoma that comprise the Cherokee Nation. “The defendants will need to answer for turning a blind eye to the grave harm they are causing individuals, their families and communities, which are left to pick up the pieces,” Richard Fields, a lawyer hired by the Cherokee Nation, said in a press release. The lawyers argue distributors knew or should have known they were facilitating the opioid epidemic. They cite how the industry ignored guidance from the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on how to identify “red flags,” monitor suspicious opioid orders, and properly report diversion. “These defendants really had the ability to limit the number of deaths and the level of addiction if they just followed the law,” said Fields, according to the Washington Post. The lawsuit also claims distributors broke federal due diligence laws by allowing “opioid diversion” to occur. Opioid diversion happens when the supply chain is broken by distributors who fill orders that are suddenly thousands of pills above the average or larger than the population of the area. The supply chain can also be broken at the pharmacy level by pharmacists who fill illegitimate prescriptions, allow drugs to be lost or stolen or ignore other “red flags.” Read more Cherokee Nation sues US govt, multiple agencies over trust fund “They enabled prescription opioids to fall into illicit distribution channels, failed to alert regulators of extreme volume, and incentivized sales of these drugs with financial bonuses,” Todd Hembree, the Cherokee Nation Attorney General, said in the press release. In 2015, the lawsuit claims an estimated 845 million milligrams of opioids were distributed in the 14 counties that comprise the Cherokee Nation. That averages out to 703 milligrams for every member of the Cherokee Nation within those counties or an estimated 7,200 milligrams a year for every prescription opioid user. As drugs flooded into the community, the overdose rate among prescription opioid users quadrupled during the last 20 years. Between 2003 and 2014 there were more than 350 opioid related deaths within the Cherokee Nation, which is “significantly higher” than the rest of the nation. Now, the lawsuit claims, more adults in the Cherokee Nation die from overdoses than car accidents. Meanwhile, the companies profited an estimated $378.4 billion in 2015, according to the lawsuit. “Their main goal is profit, and this scourge has cost lives and the Cherokee Nation millions,” said Todd Hembree, attorney general for the Cherokees, according to the Washington Post. This marks the first time an Indian nation has filed a suit against opioid distributors for damaging the community. Lawyers claim that the lawsuit is “the Cherokee Nation’s only remaining weapon to fight against the worsening opioid abuse epidemic that Defendants have caused in the Cherokee Nation.” READ MORE: West Virginia schools to stock opioid-overdose antidote Lawyers are seeking to hold the companies responsible for perpetuating the opioid crisis. They also hope to gain access to internal records that could prove the companies “Knowingly or negligently distributed and dispensed prescription opioid drugs” and purposefully “created an environment in which drug diversion can flourish.” “Tribal nations have survived disease, removal from our homelands, termination and other adversities, and still we prospered. However, I fear the opioid epidemic is emerging as the next great challenge of our modern era,” Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Bill John Baker said in the press release. “As we fight this epidemic in our hospitals, our schools and our Cherokee homes, we will also use our legal system to make sure the companies, who put profits over people while our society is crippled by this epidemic, are held responsible for their actions,” Baker said. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 72° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 72° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us U.S. Rep. Farenthold social media interview (w/video) By Jon Wilcox April 20, 2017 at 10:36 p.m. U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold answers questions from the public posted to Facebook.   Angela Piazza for The Victoria Advocate Congressman Blake Farenthold took questions from social media during a visit to Victoria on Thursday afternoon. The visit came a day after Farenthold was noticeably absent from a town-hall-style meeting at the Oveal Williams Senior Center in Corpus Christi, which more than 100 constituents attended, according to the Corpus Christi Caller-Times. "The folks that don't support me have a really bad habit of scheduling things when I'm not going to be there," said Farenthold on Thursday in an interview at the Victoria Advocate's office and broadcast live on social media. The U.S. representative defended his absence, saying the organizers of the Corpus Christi meeting had not properly invited him. "They didn't call and say, 'Hey, congressman, when can you do a town hall?'" Farenthold said. "They sent us a fax saying, 'We're having a town hall (Wednesday night) - come. That's not how you schedule anything with anybody." Farenthold also said he is planning to have town hall meetings in Corpus Christi and Victoria by August or earlier. Despite that missed connection, some members of District 27 did get the chance to ask the congressman about issues and policy. Travis Smith, of Victoria, wanted to know where Farenthold stood on tax reform, specifically the border adjustment tax. Although Farenthold said he liked the premise, he sees both advantages and disadvantages to a tax that would "level out the playing field for our exports" by giving tax advantages to U.S. exports and stripping tax breaks from foreign imports. "That tax would potentially be passed on to the consumers buying things made in China at Wal-Mart," he said. "There are ups and downs to either side, but I really do like the premise. How you get the details is yet to be worked out." With international media outlets reporting the failure of a North Korean missile launch Sunday, the representative spoke his mind about the possibility of conflict in the Korean peninsula. "If you ask me what I lose sleep over, it's that ... You've got a leader over there that I think may not be playing with a full deck of cards," Farenthold said. "And he has access to nuclear weapons. That's scary. How do you deal with that is the next question." Farenthold praised President Donald Trump's recent meeting with Chinese leaders as a move in the right direction. The representative said North Korea's dependence on Chinese oil refineries could allow the U.S. an opportunity. "China has a lot of leverage in trying to rein them in ... I'm not really happy about relying on China, but it looks like the quickest way to a peaceful solution." Victoria resident Sherrie Norred's question for Farenthold addressed issues closer to home. "Why does mental health funding get cut over ... and over?" she commented Thursday on a Facebook post asking constituents for questions. Although the representative acknowledged the nation faces serious mental health issues, he said lawmakers are challenged by the demand to solve problems while simultaneously balancing the budget. He also said he would like to see nongovernmental organizations participate in solving the problem. "I fundamentally believe it is not the government's responsibility to care for you cradle to grave," he said. "Your family, your church, your community need to step up as well." Farenthold next was asked about his thoughts about the rising cost of tuition throughout the nation. The representative said universities have an obligation to lower tuition themselves. "Do you really need to put that new climbing wall in the student center?" Farenthold asked. The 20-minute interview with Farenthold ended with a question from Alvin Gomez, of Yoakum. "What is his position on the release of Trump's tax returns?" said Gomez in a Facebook comment. Farenthold described the request for tax returns as a "big distraction." "I think everyone is entitled to privacy on their tax returns," he said. This story was updated on April 21, 2017 to correct Sherrie Norred's city of residence. RELATED TFWC Alamo District convenes Victoria Women's Club boards meet Home to offer place for young mothers Prince's 1980s band starts memorial tour Capital One to close Victoria branch -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 11  Family mourns loss of hardworking father 08  Search continues for Goliad man reported missing 07  Victoria misses bid for huge ExxonMobil plant 06  Michael Cloud, GOP county chairman, steps down 05  U.S. Rep. Farenthold social media interview (w/video) Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 67° 67° Low 62° High 87° Sat 64° 77° Sun 52° 59° Mon 46° 68° See complete forecast Severe weather alert A few storms continue Friday night, more storms likely Saturday – Check WHNT’s Interactive Radar Friends and family are ecstatic that Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe Posted 10:29 pm, April 20, 2017, by Chris Davis, Updated at 11:47PM, April 20, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video COLUMBIA, Tenn. - While the entire Columbia community has struggled through this process, Elizabeth Thomas' kidnapping hit her family and friends the hardest. Now that the sun has set in Columbia, it`s hard to see the green bows that can be found all over the downtown square. But these green lights shine in the darkness. Friends and family of Elizabeth Thomas found their own light earlier today. When they got word, Elizabeth is safe and unharmed "That call was really relief. As soon as I heard they found that car, it's like man, they're going to get them," said Elizabeth's friend Caleb Banks. At 12:04 p.m. Caleb got a call from Elizabeth`s older sister. One he's been praying for since day one. "They found her they found her. We broke out into tears on the phone talking to each other. Ecstatic, happy, I felt sick to my stomach at the same time," said Banks. Paige Griffith calls herself Elizabeth's second mom. The false alarm in Memphis and old tip in Oklahoma made her initially cautious. "I was just keeping my fingers crossed that this was real," she explained. So you can only imagine what happened when she learned Elizabeth was indeed safe. "I've been praying so hard for this day and I'm so glad she's ok." said Griffith. Both spent countless hours posting on social media, hanging signs, and tying green ribbons. "I went to Walmart Hobby Lobby, craft stores, I bought out all of Walmart's green ribbons here and in Spring Hill," said Banks. The ribbons that once sought attention for a case growing colder by the day, now have a new meaning. Paige Griffith isn't ready to see them come down. "Shoot we can paint the whole town green, I don't care. I don't want to take them down. It's a celebration now. I may just leave the stickers on my car because she's home and that's what it says on there, bring her home and we did." As the sun sets in this quaint southern town many questions remain unanswered, but Elizabeth's second mom said that's not what's important. "I'm not going to ask her a lot of questions for a long time because she needs to process this." What is important is that Elizabeth knows she's loved. "This was not her fault. There's not one person around that's going to blame her for a thing. She was a victim of this man and she needs to understand everybody loves her and will support her," said Griffith. According to friends of the family, Elizabeth has still not called her family here in Columbia. There's no word yet why that hasn't happened yet.   35.615072 -87.035283 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Dead insects, expired meat products, and dirty dishes in this week’s Restaurant Ratings First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested Latest News BREAKING OVERNIGHT: One arrested in shooting at Wild Bill’s Bar and Grill in Madison Mental health expert shares warning signs of grooming and manipulation Scottsboro Municipal Airport is looking for funds for AWOS part Huntsville company wants to detect enemy aircraft and cancer. News Family friend of missing teen takes to Facebook to clear up rumors News Family of Elizabeth Thomas releases new statement; TBI urges public to remain vigilant News Family attorney holds news conference after Elizabeth Thomas is safely located News First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over News ‘If I’m not back by 6:00, come looking for me,’ missing teen’s family shares Elizabeth’s parting words News “She’s not yours and you need to bring her back,” Family friend has strong words for accused kidnapper News A community comes together in prayer for Elizabeth Thomas’ safe return home News UPDATE: Family hopeful after confirmed sighting of missing teen, accused kidnapper from Tenn. AMBER Alert seen in Oklahoma City News DA: Elizabeth Thomas may have intentionally left clue before disappearance News Estranged mother of kidnap victim Elizabeth Thomas shares sorrow, worry over disappearance News Siskiyou Sheriff’s Office reveals how they captured suspected kidnapper Tad Cummins, found Elizabeth Thomas News TBI urges public to keep looking for Elizabeth Thomas & Tad Cummins: “It only takes one tip” News Friend of Elizabeth Thomas fights to keep story in public eye Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in California National 0  Updated at 8:27 pm, April 20th, 2017 By: Holly Yan, Sara Sidner and AnneClaire Stapleton, CNN Share This Story We Matched (CNN) — After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student has been arrested in northern California, authorities said. The student, Elizabeth Thomas, was found safe in Cecilville, northwest of Redding, her sister Kat Thomas said Thursday. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Jason Whatley, the family’s attorney. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” Tad Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee, on March 13. They disappeared a few weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. A tip led law enforcement to a remote cabin at Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. The Nissan Rogue at the center of the search was parked outside, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. After the capture, one federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of having criminal sexual intercourse was filed against Cummins, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. A 2,000-mile escape Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone spotted Cummins in a remote part of Siskiyou County, California, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said he had taken up residence in a remote cabin in Cecilville, DeVine said. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found the vehicle. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins, Devine said. Deputies monitored the car and took Cummins into custody as daylight broke, said DeVine. Thomas was found “healthy and unharmed,” TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. She is federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, Gwyn said. “As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip,” Gwyn said. “This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim.” Couple spotted by property caretaker The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN it is not located on Black Bear Ranch, a nearby commune. O’Hare was not on the property but the cabin’s caretaker spoke to the couple, he said. Cummins told the caretaker that he was 44 years old and that the young woman with him was 22. O’Hare said a friend of his also was at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn’t seem right, he said. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. O’Hare’s friend asked the property caretaker to call the sheriff’s department, he said. The night before the arrest, “a plan was hatched” to capture Cummins, O’Hare told CNN. That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O’Hare said. A quirk in the law Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement “is accomplished by force, threat or fraud.” That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney Michael Cox said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to Northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP CNN Wire and the CNN Video Affiliate Network is an online syndication service providing text and video versions of CNN's award-winning news coverage. Articles featured include reporting on world news, politics, finance, health, entertainment and technology. Stories You May Be Interested In: Nuclear fuel from Idaho now benefiting University of Maryland Reactor 17 Apr 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Tennessee teacher suspected in kidnapping arrested in northern California 20 Apr 2017 AnneClaire Stapleton, CNN French police officer, gunman killed on Champs-Elysees 20 Apr 2017 Ralph Ellis and Jim Bittermann, CNN WATCH: April the giraffe welcomes much-anticipated calf 15 Apr 2017 Faith Karimi, CNN Images in the news Related Stories   Sheriff investigates tip of possible threat to Teton Valley schools FDA strengthens warning against codeine and tramadol for children Dump truck drops burning garbage in parking lot President Trump signs a disaster declaration for 11 Idaho counties You can now access Bonneville County historical records online Truck bursts into flames on Interstate 15 Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / ‘I’m glad this is over’: Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. ‘I’m glad this is over’: Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. Posted on Thursday, April 20, 2017 by CNN in National News After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student was arrested Thursday deep in the mountains of northern California, authorities said. “I’m glad this is over,” 50-year-old Tad Cummins said after his arrest, according to Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley. Elizabeth Thomas was found safe in a remote cabin in Cecilville, northwest of Redding. The pair spent one night in the cabin before the arrest, but they may have been in the area for about a week, Gilley said. The cabin’s caretaker alerted law enforcement to their presence and helped them hatch a plan to draw Cummins from the residence unarmed and without Thomas, the cabin’s owner told CNN. The arrest ends a nationwide manhunt that began on March 13, when Cummins fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins face federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. But the search for answers is far from over. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Jason Whatley, attorney for the family. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” Alert residents assist capture The pair disappeared as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. Cummins had been suspended after a student reported seeing them kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone encountered Cummins in Siskiyou County, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said Cummins had taken up residence in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found a silver Nissan Rogue parked outside the cabin, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin is close to a commune called Black Bear Ranch but it’s not part of the commune, said the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare. He was not on the property when the pair was there. The cabin’s caretaker spoke to the couple, O’Hare said. He added that a friend of his was also at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn’t seem right, O’Hare said. Cummins told O’Hare’s friend that he was 44 years old, the young woman with him was 22 and they were recently married. He added that when Thomas wanted to share something she would whisper stuff in Cummins ear and then Cummins would repeat it. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. The property caretaker called the sheriff’s department and helped them devise a plan to capture Cummins, O’Hare said, That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O’Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. He described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” ‘It only takes one tip’ Elizabeth is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. As of Thursday evening, her family was waiting to communicate with her before speaking publicly. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. “As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip,” Gwyn said. “This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim.” After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement “is accomplished by force, threat or fraud.” That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” Supreme Court lifts stay for Ledell Lee execution US courts delay Arkansas execution Related Posts Boy Scout leader attacked by bear in New Jersey Arrest in gun violence threat that closed University of Chicago campus Chewbacca mom gets her own action figure — and it talks! Oregon shooting: Gunman handed box to survivor, student says Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Life & Style Books New book 'Move Fast and Break Things' takes on Amazon, Facebok, Google Google Virginia Mayo / AP 2010 Google’s cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. Google’s cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. (Virginia Mayo / AP 2010) Nick Romeo America's major tech companies like to present themselves as cool and countercultural institutions. Their employees and executives wear jeans to work, hold "hackathons" to solve problems and speak in soaring language of how their "disruptive innovations" will positively transform the world. How could these companies not be a force for good? Jonathan Taplin's excellent new book explains exactly how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. The book's title is "Move Fast and Break Things," a slogan popular in Silicon Valley that has gradually gained a set of connotations far less flattering than tech oligarchs might realize. As Taplin writes, "a culture and its art are not like an old flip phone — to be thrown in the trash as soon as it has been 'disrupted' by the Next Big Thing." RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR Many elements of Taplin's case are familiar. Newspaper ad revenue has declined by roughly $40 billion between 2000 and 2014, recorded music revenue has dropped $10 billion in the same period, and over 5,000 independent book and record stores have closed in the last two decades. Facebook's covert experiments in manipulating the emotions of hundreds of thousands of users, Amazon's atrocious treatment of workers at its distribution centers and Google's cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. Taplin, director emeritus of the University of Southern California Annenberg Innovation Lab, argues that the major tech companies are fundamentally monopolistic and parasitic — they exploit positions of market dominance to ignore legal regulations, extract inflated prices from advertisers and rely on content produced by others, often without their consent or knowledge. But his explanation of how these practices arose starts much earlier. Thomas Jefferson wanted a "restriction against monopolies" added to the Bill of Rights, alongside freedom of religion, freedom of the press and protection against standing armies. Alexander Hamilton, founder of the Bank of New York, disagreed and ultimately prevailed. Though wealthy banking interests prevented the adoption of a clause against monopolies in the Bill of Rights, the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 allowed President Theodore Roosevelt to break up John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust. Taplin quotes Roosevelt, whose words still resonate: "the prime need is to change the conditions which enable these men to accumulate power which it is not for the general welfare that they should hold or exercise." 'Move Fast and Break Things' Little, Brown and Co. "Move Fast and Break Things," by Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29. "Move Fast and Break Things," by Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29. (Little, Brown and Co.) Taplin explores how the influential legal theorist and rejected Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork helped shift public and regulatory opinion in the second half of the 20th century. By claiming that the only question regulators should ask is whether monopolies affect consumer welfare, Bork essentially proposed that as long as prices fall, increasing concentrations of corporate power do not matter. Even if Wal-Mart were the only store in America, this would be a problem only if consumer prices rose. Of course, this myopic thinking ignores the fact that there might be no consumers to shop at Wal-Mart if it were allowed to obliterate every other retail business in the country. Because Wal-Mart would then be the only purchaser of many goods from wholesalers, it could extract ruinous prices. This is precisely the position of Amazon vis-a-vis book publishers. Because Amazon can deny publishers access to its enormous customer base, it can force them to accept artificially deflated prices. Google and Facebook can do something similar with advertisers by threatening to deny them access to billions of users. Taplin cites the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index, a widely used measure of market concentration in antitrust law that allows regulators to determine whether markets are becoming monopolistic. A score of 2,500 is considered highly concentrated. The HHI for internet search markets is 7,402. The sort of free-market libertarianism that scorns all government regulation is particularly ironic given the origins of the internet. Taplin recounts early research funded by the U.S. Department of Defense that explicitly structured the internet in a decentralized architecture so it could survive a nuclear attack. Not only does the absurdly concentrated power of a few companies contradict this vision, the internet itself might not exist if the anti-government visions of many tech oligarchs had been a reality in the 1960s. Author Jonathan Taplin Little, Brown and Co. Jonathan Taplin’s latest book explains how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. Jonathan Taplin’s latest book explains how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. (Little, Brown and Co.) Taplin makes a forceful and persuasive case that companies like Google and Facebook could employ their powerful artificial intelligence programs to prevent the infringement of existing copyright laws. They've demonstrated their capacity to stop pornography and illegal drug markets from surfacing on search results. It would not be difficult for them to enforce copyright infringements more effectively and share some of their enormous profits with the industries they are decimating. The 2016 presidential election was a dramatic demonstration of the unintended consequences of gutting the once-influential field of journalism. But Taplin believes that his case has implications far beyond the creative industries. "We need to understand that every one of us will stand in the shoes of the artist before long. Musicians and authors were at the barricades first because their industries were the first to be digitized. ... (S)oon the technologists will be coming for your job, too, just as they will continue to come for more of your personal data," he writes. This is not a prophecy but a warning — without changes to legislation, corporate behavior and consumer values, the oligarchic dreams of a few billionaires could reshape the country even more than they already have. Nick Romeo is a freelancer. 'Move Fast and Break Things' By Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29 Because you're never too old to snuggle up with a novel about man's best friend, dog lovers, this one's for you. Whether you're looking for a tear-jerker or old school adventure, we've rounded up 28 classic and lesser-known books about dogs.  Just in time for Valentine's Day, the Poetry Foundation lists its top 10 most popular love poems, as measured by page views. Click through the gallery to see the full list.  Julianne Moore, Billy Crystal, Derek Jeter and Madonna have more than Hollywood in common. These celebrities have also made a mark in the literary world by writing children’s books. Each story tells a unique tale filled with humor, life lessons, imagination and more. --By Kristen Sullivan, Newsday Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune A version of this article appeared in print on April 20, 2017, in the Arts + Entertainment section of the Chicago Tribune with the headline "Taplin takes on tech oligarchs, offers warning - Book review" — Today's paperToday's paper | Subscribe Robert H. Bork Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Scott Turow, Amy Dickinson to appear at Printers Row Lit Fest ChiTeen Lit Fest: Helping Chicago teens 'author the culture of their times' After 2016's losses, Elizabeth Warren tells Democrats: 'Shame on us' Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 45°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Global Market 2017 Key Players, Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/20/2017 — World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Executive Summary Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/899832-world-capital-expenditure-capex-japan-and-etc The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. The Players mentioned in our report Exxon Mobil Wal-Mart Stores Ford Motor DaimlerChrysler Royal Dutch/Shell Group BP General Electric Mitsubishi Toyota Motor General Motors Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Product Segment Analysis Equipment expenditure Property expenditure Industrial buildings expenditure Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/899832-world-capital-expenditure-capex-japan-and-etc Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Application Segment Analysis Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia Table of Content-Key Points Covered Chapter 1 About the Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Industry 1.1 Industry Definition 1.1.1 Types of Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) industry 1.1.1.1 Equipment expenditure 1.1.1.2 Property expenditure 1.1.1.3 Industrial buildings expenditure 1.2 Main Market Activities 1.3 Similar Industries 1.4 Industry at a Glance Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape 2.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Markets by Regions 2.1.1 USA Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.2 Europe Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.3 China Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.4 India Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.5 Japan Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.6 South East Asia Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.2 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Types Equipment expenditure Property expenditure Industrial buildings expenditure 2.3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Applications 2.4 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Analysis 2.4.1 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Revenue and Growth Rate 2011-2016 2.4.2 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Consumption and Growth rate 2011-2016 2.4.3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Price Analysis 2011-2016 Chapter 3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market share 3.1 Major Production Market share by Players 3.2 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share by Players 3.3 Major Production Market share by Regions in 2015, Through 2021 3.4 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share By Regions in 2015, Through 2021 Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis 4.1 Industry Supply chain Analysis 4.2 Raw material Market Analysis 4.2.1 Raw material Prices Analysis 2012-2016 4.2.2 Raw material Supply Market Analysis 4.2 Manufacturing Equipment Suppliers Analysis 4.3 Production Process Analysis 4.4 Production Cost Structure Benchmarks 4.5 End users Market Analysis Buy Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=899832 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Radar Application Industry Market Grow with an Impressive Rate of 18.74% by 2022 Next PostNext Gov. Scott Attends Groundbreaking of NewSouth Window Solutions New Facility Search Recent Posts Chinese Producer Yuxiao Wang Nails the Mark with New Feature Film ‘Talentik’ LAACO, Ltd. (LAACZ: OTC Pink Limited) | LAACO, Ltd. Unit Repurchase Update Nuri Telecom Files Notice of Change and Variation for its ALL-CASH offer of $0.45 per Apivio Share and Secures Lock-Up Agreements for 28% of Apivio Niskayuna Celebrates Earth Day with Ceremony Highlighting Infrastructure Improvements at Wastewater Treatment Plant 2017 Honda CR-V Earns Autotrader “Must Test Drive” Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos Report: Russia Tried To 'Infiltrate' Trump... The United Kingdom Proves It Doesn't Need To Rely... Exxon's Not Getting Russian Drilling Permits From... News Experts are pretty sure about where MH370 crashed Ont. woman trolled for comment about diner's... 'Let black people go,' Fresno murder suspect... Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Janet Jackson Sued For Canceled 2016 Tour Dates Blake Shelton Reacts to Gwen Stefani's Empire... Orlando Bloom Posts Birthday Message To Ex... News Kurt Russell, Goldie Hawn broke into house to... Carrie Fisher's 'Catastrophe' co-stars recall her... Baldwin talks spoofing Trump on 'The Late Show' Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Flames starting work for next season after... Raptors looking to make changes in Game 4 with... Canadian curler says they're 'not favoured' at... News Leafs lose heartbreaker in OT to Williams,... SIMMONS: Ovechkin too distracted for such a big... Blue Jays turn to callups to turn things around Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Will Smith Would Make The Perfect Genie In... Britney Spears Still Under Conservatorship Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Looking at 20... News 5 potential measures to tackle housing... Loblaws to open 30 new stores and renovate more... BlackBerry wins US$815-million arbitration... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Janet Jackson Sued For Canceled 2016 Tour Dates Orlando Bloom Posts Birthday Message To Ex... Irina Shayk Bounces Back From Pregnancy In Sexy... News Temporary breakup prompts friend's nasty text Gwyneth Paltrow hosting 'In goop Health' wellness... How long should sex last? Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos Inside Bella Hadid's Secret Affordable Jamaican... Princess Cruises Will Pay A $40M Penalty For... New York Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lit News WestJet to launch new, no-frills (cheap) airline... Soaking it up in Europe's top spas Giant corpse flower set to bloom ahead of... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Jays' Aaron Sanchez talks baseball and MLB The... Call of Duty's John Marshall Jones On The Wonders... Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt News Blue Jays' Aaron Sanchez on MLB The Show 17 The Internet remains unbroken Samsung unveils Galaxy S8, S8 Plus Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Man found guilty of murdering ex-girlfriend, jury finds See in fullscreen / Andrew Watson is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Previous Next Latest News Alcohol-fueled fight led to stomping death of Calgary mom Ottawa killer wanted to run stripper empire: 'The more money, the better' Missing Tennessee student found safe; teacher arrested Jessica Nyznik, The Peterborough Examiner Apr 20, 2017 , Last Updated: 8:11 PM ET Andrew Watson murdered his ex-girlfriend, Lise Fredette, in 2014, a Peterborough jury decided Thursday after about five hours of deliberations. Watson, 79, was arrested in 2014 after Ms. Fredette disappeared after leaving her job at Walmart. Although her body has never been found, the Crown presented extensive evidence throughout the weeks-long trial to prove Watson killed her. He had argued that without a body, he couldn't be found guilty. After the jury read the verdict, Justice Hugh O’Connell asked Watson if he’d like to let the family know where Ms. Fredette’s body was, so she could be laid to rest. “Mr. Watson, the road is now over for you. If you have a heart, sir, I would strongly suggest you speak to officer Self to put closure to this,” said O’Connell. “No thanks,” Watson said. O’Connell told Ms. Fredette’s family and friends sitting in the courtroom that he “highly resented” Watson’s betrayal, not only to Ms. Fredette, but to them as well for not giving them peace. “Regrettably, it seems to me Mr. Watson is a completely, utterly empty vessel, concerned with only one thing: himself,” said O’Connell. The judge thanked Ms. Fredette’s family for their attention to the case and restraint during difficult times throughout the trial. “It’s got to be difficult to hear about how a shovel is found with your mother’s blood on it, how blood is all over a car and you had to hear this preposterous, preposterous commentary that this came from gardening at some undefined time – preposterous,” he said. O’Connell said Watson’s actions speak to an evil person, completely devoid of a conscience. “There are people regrettably like Mr. Watson who are the personification of evil.” More to come.   Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories Crime15-year-old girl allegedly kidnapped by teacher back home in Tennessee: Lawyer WorldPolice had ISIS-praising Champs-Elysees attacker in their grasp: Officials CrimeWoman accused of revenge mutilation of funeral home corpse WorldGirl launches dress code protest: I'm not a 'distraction' WorldBuyer wanted: Tiny Oregon town for sale for $3.5 million WorldMore charges filed in Detroit in genital mutilation probe CanadaMan felt he had 'no choice' but to let his wife go WorldWoman 'especially good' at lying, defence lawyer in rape trial tells jury before acquittal WorldRetirement unlikely for Bill O'Reilly CanadaCanadian jets intercept Russian bombers, first time in two years: Norad Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are hydro rates too high where you live? Yes No They're reasonable. Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines slam Maple Leafs lose in OT to Capitals news Trolled for comment about diner's 'rude' staff news Experts pretty sure where MH370 crashed showbiz 'Catastrophe' co-stars recall Fisher's final days Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved Close
LewRockwell.com ANTI-STATE•ANTI-WAR•PRO-MARKET Show Menu Archives Authors Blog Books & Resources Lew Rockwell Books Ron Paul Books Murray N. Rothbard Library & Resources Mises Institute LRC Bestselling Books Political Theatre Podcasts Store About Contact Donate Advertise Trade Deficits Don’t Matter Walter E. Block https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/trade-deficits-dont-matter/ From: L Sent: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 4:48 PM To: wblock@loyno.edu Subject: Trade Deficit Hello Dr. Block. I have always appreciated your ability to use everyday examples as metaphors of economic and liberty principles. I respect your opinions and ability to explain them. You are one of my heroes. Now that the butt kissing is over, I have one topic that has bugged me and I don’t recall you ever addressing it. I have been in conversation and e-mail contact with people who are not concerned about our continuing trade deficit. It seems to me that many economists, and I mean especially economists, do not perceive the real threat that the trade deficit exposes and the sociological and demographic dangers that a continued trade deficit will cause. Economists tend to be narrowly focused upon charts, graphs, numbers and statistics and forget to analyse the human actions that will evolve from our decisions. I am not going into that concern because that is a lengthy essay in itself, but this trade deficit issue is the origin of another matter that concerns me. When I express concern about the trade deficit, I repeatedly hear the cliche of how we had an extended trade deficit in the last half of the 19th century and we prospered greatly. I contend that this mythical trade deficit is a preposterous fraud used to convince students that deficits don’t matter. The trade deficit does seem to appear around 1849 and continue through the 1870s. This is what the statistical data indicates, but I am convinced that the statistical data is missing a huge technical anomaly that actually destroys the trade deficit myth. In 1849 we had a gold rush that lasted for several decades. So much gold and silver were being mined that we built a San Francisco mint and a Carson City mint. Numerous private mints also sprang up to fill in the gap in minting coin. In effect, we had money machines out west. Gold in the form of coin is considered money and not mining or fabricated production, even though it is both. For instance, if I mined 10 ounces of gold, refined it and put 5 ounces into a press to form an ashtray, that would be considered product. If I take the remaining 5 ounces of gold to the mint to be pressed into 5 one ounce gold coins, that is not considered product. that is considered money. If I trade my ashtray for a saddle from England, we have a trade balance. If I trade my 5 gold coins for a saddle from England, we have a trade deficit. My contention is that we did not have a trade deficit in the last half of the 19th century. We had a technical accounting anomaly that appears to be a trade deficit. Our product was money. What concerns me more is that this myth persists among many economists that teach our children. I thank you for reading this far. I would appreciate your opinion on this subject. Your humble servant: L Dear L: I have a gigantic trade deficit with McDonalds and Wal-Mart. They, rascals that they are, never bought ANYTHING from me. Not a penny’s worth. On the other hand, I have a huge trade surplus with my employer, Loyola University New Orleans. They pay me a very decent salary, and I purchase a pittance from them: a few books, a few meals and parking fees. Should I be worried that in my own small way I am ruining the economy? That is silly, surely. I don’t much care about what happened in the 19th century in this regard. Who buys what from whom simply doesn’t matter. New Orleans has a gigantic surplus regarding our export of Jazz music to tourists. We are party city. We have a huge deficit regarding oranges. We eat them all the time, and grow none here. I’m supposed to worry about this? 9:06 pm on April 21, 2017 Email Walter E. Block The Best of Walter E. Block Tags: United Airlines' Contract Contradiction as News Political Theatre Alinsky Lives! The US Threatens Iran, Again German Judge Acquits Turk of Rape He Voted for Trump Hero of Our Time Targeted NE Patriots Call Out NY Times Tucker To Replace O’Reilly Cruz Trails Dem In a Police State, Be Careful Trying To Sell Souvenirs Lucky Ducks LRC Blog George Herbert Walker Bush United Airlines’ Contract Trade Deficits Don’t Matter Contradiction as News Trimmer Politicians Look! That’s the signpost up ahead! Foreign Policy Video Arcade 2017 American “Higher Education” is Now Ruled by the Ideas of a Dead German Communist Alliance With Bernie? The Welfare/Warfare State “Culture” LRC Podcasts The Iron Fist of the Ruling Class Trump’s Hostile Takeover of the GOP The Reporter Who Knew Too Much Murder of JFK’s Intimate Confidant Trumped! Speculator Marijuana Manifesto Hidden History Archives Authors Blog Books & Resources Lew Rockwell Books Ron Paul Books Murray N. Rothbard Library & Resources Mises Institute LRC Bestselling Books Political Theatre Podcasts Store About Contact Donate Advertise Privacy Policy
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Tourism Bed and breakfast owners closing their doors blame Airbnb, local government US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Florida Supreme Court denies new DNA analysis in death row inmate William 'Tommy' Zeigler's case Vanishing ocean floor in the Florida Keys worsens risks from sea rise, study finds Times columnist John Romano receives ACLU award John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Top News John Morgan charms Tampa Tiger Bay Club with talk of Jesus, getting drunk Hooters 'calendar girl' and Playboy 'Miss Social' were Frank Artiles' paid consultants Former President George H.W. Bush to remain in hospital through weekend Frank Artiles, Miami state senator, resigns after racist, profane remarks Controversial Florida state attorney Aramis Ayala receives noose in the mail Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More The Heater Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Rays blow early lead against Astros, drop back to .500 (w/video) Lightning's Victor Hedman finalist for Norris Trophy Oh, snap! Bucs guard Ali Marpet transitions to center Jones: FSU-Bucs draft connection, coincidental or cagey? Fed Cup: Triumphant return to Saddlebrook for Shelby Rogers Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Top News Review: 'T2 Trainspotting' deftly ages a drugged-out bunch Lettuce explain why you're paying a dollar more for leafy greens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Top Opinion Editorial: Tampa Bay ferry a successful experiment Cooperation got us ready for drought Column: More conversations needed on public safety Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott should veto rideshare bill Editorial: Balancing neighborhood character, new housing designs Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Review: Michael Connelly's 'Bosch' returns for an engrossing Season 3 Video: Starbucks barista goes on an epic tirade over the Unicorn Frappuccino Did you know Tampa's flag is a 'monstrosity'? No one else does, either Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Afternoon update: Campbell principal's controversial comments; Morgan addresses drunk claims during appearance; who will replace Frank Artiles; Navy vet saves day for children's museum Times staff Tampa Bay Times Friday, April 21, 2017 4:03pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Republican state senator Frank Artiles, R-Miami, resigned Friday for using racial slurs and obscene insults in a private after-hours conversation with African-American colleagues. [Associated Press] Here's what you may have missed, and what you need to know as you start winding down. Related News/Archive Navy vet, 83, fashions cheap solution to save children's museum exhibit 11 Hours Ago Frank Artiles, Miami state senator, resigns after racist, profane remarks 16 Hours Ago State Sen. Frank Artiles drops green flag, boosts two bills favorable to FPL 1 Month Ago WHITE STUDENTS AT CAMPBELL PARK ELEMENTARY 'SHOULD BE IN THE SAME CLASS,' PRINCIPAL TELLS STAFF The principal of a predominantly black elementary school in south St. Petersburg instructed her staff this week to assign white students to the same classes for the next school year. In a story first reported by Bay News 9, Campbell Park Elementary principal Christine Hoffman sent an email to staff on Tuesday with guidelines of how to create class lists for the 2017-18 school year. Among her recommendations, "white students should be in the same class," Hoffman wrote. Colleen Wright has the details. JOHN MORGAN: I WAS NOT DRUNK THAT NIGHT AT BOOTS N BUCKLES John Morgan charmed an overflow crowd at the Tampa Tiger Bay Club today, where he was asked about that 2014 viral video of him, drink in hand, addressing a crowd at the Boots N Buckles saloon in Lakeland while campaigning to legalize medical marijuana in Florida. Stay with tampabay.com for more. REPLACING ARTILES: WHO'S IN AND WHO'S OUT (SO FAR) Miami politics went into overdrive Friday following state Sen. Frank Artiles' resignation, as elected officials and their political consultants scrambled to figure out who might run in a yet-to-be-scheduled special election to replace the freshman Miami Republican. NAVY VET, 83, FASHIONS CHEAP SOLUTION TO SAVE CHILDREN'S MUSEUM EXHIBIT The popular Glazer Children's Museum exhibit was about to be closed two to three months for a repair job estimated at $100,000 or more — a lot of money for a nonprofit with an annual budget of $2.8 million. Some 60,000 visitors would miss a chance to frolic in the waters of the kiddy-style Port Tampa Bay mockup. Then along came Bob Stanley, an 83-year-old Navy veteran who served as a welder during the Korean War. Stanley would save the day, Howard Altman writes. LAWSUIT AGAINST TAMPA POLICE IN DIABETIC MAN'S DEATH SHIFTS TO ANOTHER COURT A family's effort to hold the Tampa Police Department responsible for the death of a diabetic man during a traffic stop has shifted from federal to circuit court. Lena Young, the widow of longtime Tampa Heights resident and community activist Arthur Green Jr., has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of Tampa on behalf of his estate. The suit, filed this month in Hillsborough circuit court, accuses two officers of using excessive force while trying to arrest Green and failing to recognize he was in the grips of a medical episode. He stopped breathing and later died. LARGO WALMART EVACUATED AFTER REPORTS OF CHEMICAL SMELL INSIDE STORE Emergency hazardous materials crews were dispatched to a Walmart Supercenter after receiving reports of a chemical smell in the store, according to Largo Fire Rescue. The store at 990 Missouri Ave. N was evacuated, but no injuries were reported. WHAT TO WATCH THIS WEEKEND: 'BILL NYE SAVES THE WORLD,' 'THE IMMORTAL LIFE OF HENRIETTA LACKS' [Netflix] Bill Nye, of Science Guy fame, stars in a new science talk show Bill Nye Saves the World on Netflix. Bill Ney tops a busy slate of must-see TV this weekend. Chelsea Tatham offers her top picks PETITION LAUNCHED TO STOP BILL O'REILLY'S APPEARANCE AT TAMPA'S AMALIE ARENA A petition has been launched calling Amalie Arena and other venues around the country to cancel a series of tour stops featuring Bill O'Reilly, comedian Dennis Miller and Fox News personality Jesse Watters. So far, the petition, launched by the social advocacy group Care2, has attained more than 22,000 supporters. Jay Cridlin has the details. OH, SNAP! BUCS G ALI MARPET TRANSITIONS TO CENTER THIS SPRING Ali Marpet has never snapped in a game — not with the Bucs, not at Division III Hobart College, not in high school, never. He's snapped before and during practices to be an emergency center, but never in a game. He's making up for it this spring, Greg Auman writes. Afternoon Update is a weekday feature from tampabay.com. Afternoon update: Campbell principal's controversial comments; Morgan addresses drunk claims during appearance; who will replace Frank Artiles; Navy vet saves day for children's museum 04/21/17 [Last modified: Friday, April 21, 2017 4:04pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Day Starter' newsletter Get the top headlines from the Tampa Bay Times' and what you need to know to start your day in your inbox every morning.   Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN April 22, 2017 News local politics business beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports local high school Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 Heroin Hits Home: Part 2, ‘It’s At An Epidemic Level’ By Cory Smith • Last Updated 3:50 pm on Friday, April 21, 2017 Tweet Officer Sean Parsons of the Greenville Department of Public Safety exits a home on Pickell Drive, where an overdose victim died prior to officers arriving onscenein February. — Daily News/Cory Smith Rolling into the empty parking lot of a local restaurant, long since closed for the evening, Josh McConkie brought his police cruiser to a temporary halt. Parked behind the building, the vehicle’s headlights went dark. The engine rested, humming in neutral, and the Greenville Department of Public Safety sergeant sat quietly, illuminated within his car by the dull glow of a nearby streetlight. As he sat in near-silence, his gaze remained fixated forward; determined, focused and with purpose. For 10, maybe 15 minutes, he continued to watch. His eyes remained connected to the motel across the street, waiting for the possibility that someone might come wandering in at quarter-past eleven on a cold, drizzly, February evening. “Every town, big or small, has a place that when things aren’t going well for you, that’s where you end up,” he said aloud as The Daily News joined him on the shift. “Not everyone who’s there is selling or using drugs, but I do know this: People that sell and use drugs frequent those places. So I’m going to keep an eye on it.” With no movement at the motel, McConkie shifted the vehicle into drive and continued on with his patrol, five hours into a 12-hour shift. Traveling eastbound on W. Washington Street, he made his way through town, never losing his focus. His intent? To locate any potential drug activity in the community. “On patrol, if I’m not investigating a call for service, what I am doing is looking for this stuff,” he said. “Clearly it’s my passion, but I would say as a whole, many of our guys are out looking for it, and they know what they are looking for and where to find it.” From an alleged drug house on Smith Street to apartment complexes at the heart of and on the edges of the city limits, McConkie made his rounds, seeking any unusual activity that could raise reason for probable cause. “Fortunately the radio has been quiet tonight,” he said. “But that won’t last for long.” McConkie made his way to S. Backus Road, scouting the eastern exterior of the city, when the police scanner radio chirped, grabbing his attention. “ … we need you to head toward the trailer park on Pickell Drive,” the dispatcher with Montcalm County Central Dispatch reported. McConkie knew the location well. “This … this could be an overdose here,” he said. “… for a 40s-year-old male, the caller is advising me it is her friend, she was finally able to break herself into his residence,” the dispatcher continued. “He is unresponsive on the floor.” McConkie turned quickly onto County Farm Road. The car engine revved to a roar as McConkie increased his speed. Houses passed by in radiant, blurry hues of red and blue, lit aglow by the cruiser’s emergency lights as the siren wailed. Within seconds McConkie had arrived at 1008 Pickell Drive. A witness on scene — the woman who had dialed 911 — frantically waved him to stop. Again, McConkie wasted no time. “What’s going on? Is it drug related? Does he need Narcan?” McConkie asked, referring to the opioid antidote naloxone. “What was his drug of choice?” “Last I knew he was doing good … but it used to be heroin,” the woman answered. At this point, McConkie was joined on scene by Officer Sean Parsons, and Montcalm County EMS was en route. McConkie grabbed his emergency kit from the back seat, containing four units of Narcan and an automated external defibrillator (AED), and raced inside the mobile home with Parsons close behind. For a few minutes, the exterior of the scene sat frozen in time as the officers disappeared. As emergency technicians arrived and entered the home, complete with a gurney, McConkie exited, a look of concern and disappointment across his brow. He briefly spoke to some witnesses before re-entering his cruiser. His uniform now covered in rain drops, McConkie turned on and off his windshield wipers a few times before speaking. “He was already gone,” he said. “It was long out of my hands. I would have loved nothing more than to have been able to save that man.” What began as an evening searching for drug activity concluded with a fatal overdose. It’s a scenario that has become all too common for McConkie and his fellow officers throughout Montcalm County. “They don’t get any easier to go to. You never wish that on anybody,” McConkie said. “It (drug use) is out here and it is real. It doesn’t happen just every so often, it happens a lot. A lot more than it should at any rate. It’s at an epidemic level.” PHOTO GALLERY   “ … That’s when we started to see heroin sneak in.” The epidemic: How it began Michigan State Police Det. Lt. Joel Abendroth can recall a time when heroin and other opioid use was essentially nonexistent. From the late 1990s into the early 2000s, Abendroth, who heads the Central Michigan Enforcement Team (CMET) covering Ionia, Mecosta, Montcalm and Newaygo counties, said drug use and abuse was essentially limited to marijuana and some prescription medications. “If you found someone around here using heroin, you’d think a junkie moved here because no one was using it. It was nonexistent … but all of a sudden, we started experiencing it, just like everywhere else in the state,” he said. According to Abendroth, the birth of heroin and opioid use in the area can be attributed to the decline of the previous drug epidemic that came before it: OxyContin. Released in 1996 by the pharmaceutical company Purdue Pharma, OxyContin is an opioid pain medication that Abendroth said was heavily overprescribed in rural areas, such as Montcalm and Ionia counties. “Up until about 2005, Montcalm County had an exorbitant amount of OxyContin overdoses,” he said. “We were kind of an OxyContin epicenter.” Abendroth said overprescribing the drug can be equated to rural doctors who, at the time, viewed OxyContin as an easy way to treat pain management in a rural setting. “We found quite a bit of OxyContin abuse stemming from that,” Abendroth said. “We had as many as 13 overdoses in one year. We were experiencing a lot of overprescribing of OxyContin in the area. Its availability was high, specifically in Montcalm and Ionia counties, and that made it relatively cheap.” As the realization of the dangers of OxyContin and its abuse started coming to the foreground, doctors began to respond. Prescriptions became more difficult for patients to come by, prices escalated and Purdue Pharma eventually reformulated OxyContin to not deliver such instant relief. But those factors did nothing to quell consumers’ desire for pain-relieving opioids. “If you’re an opioid-addicted person, you’re going to look for cheaper alternatives,” Abendroth said. “That’s when we started to see heroin sneak in.” Abendroth said drug dealers from Detroit and Chicago were met with the realization that there was a new market for heroin in rural communities. Delivering essentially the same “high” as OxyContin, Abendroth said drug lords from Afghanistan, as well as a number of countries in South America — where heroin is manufactured — began trafficking the drug across U.S. borders. As opioid-addicted users developed tolerances to the consumption and snorting of OxyContin, in pill and crushed powder forms respectively, the aspect of “shooting up” directly into the blood stream with syringes arose. “Now we’re seeing needles everywhere,” Abendroth said. “That’s a big change from the 1990s. There’s much more prevalence of needles and heroin. We’re seeing it as a problem in all four counties.” Coming up through the interstate corridors of I-96 (from Detroit) and I-94 (from Chicago), Abendroth said large-scale heroin operations eventually reached their way to Ionia County by 2009. From there, the drugs flourished through Belding, Greenville and the rest of Montcalm County. In 2011, Abendroth’s CMET team successfully infiltrated a large-scale heroin drug ring, bringing the leader, Andres Delgado, into custody, as well as seizing 149 grams of heroin. “At that point, CMET started to realize that there was a heroin problem, and we really started focusing our attention on it,” Abendroth said. “Today, it’s obviously everywhere. It’s a substantial problem.”   “Let’s go and buy a gram.” Close to home: Where it comes from  McConkie has arrested his fair share of drug users in his nine years with the police department. But many of those he has arrested have managed to seek help and started to turn their lives around. Such is the case with Jessica (whose name has been changed to protect her identity), a former heroin addict who has been clean for nearly two years now. “I started when I was around 16, right when I had my son,” Jessica told The Daily News as McConkie checked in on her family during his shift. “I was around people, other teenagers, that were using Oxy. I had a supply of them. My ex (boyfriend), his best friend’s mom was prescribed them and she would give them to us. It became a weekend thing where I would snort them. It came to where my body got dependent on it and it became an everyday thing.” Jessica recalls that free supply eventually running dry after the prescription was reformulated to be less potent. “It started to get to the point that I was so addicted … someone offered me heroin and I tried it,” she said. After occasional weekend use of the drug, it soon became an everyday habit. “I’d wake up out of bed and I’d have to have it,” she said. “It’s like an instant, tingling, warming sensation. I don’t know how to explain it other than a rush. It’s automatic, and it’s that rush that you thrive for. It lasts for a couple seconds, and then you’re high. Your aches, your pains, your cold sweats — they’re all gone. But as soon as you start coming down, you’re miserable until you have it again.” It didn’t take long for Jessica to establish local connections to ensure she had the means to possess the drug on a daily basis. “I had a friend that was selling it. He’d go to the city (Grand Rapids) to get a supply and come back up here and sell it in Greenville,” she said. “Once you get on it, you meet all of these people that are doing it and find out ways to get it. We’d just say, ‘Let’s go to Grand Rapids. Let’s go and buy a gram.’” That scenario is all too common. On Feb. 22, three Greenville residents were found to have overdosed in a vehicle as it sat parked in the middle of Shaffer Avenue near 28th Street in Kentwood. The trio had traveled 35 miles to obtain their drugs. “It doesn’t surprise me at all,” McConkie said. “It was cheaper for them to drive down there and get it. A lot of our users are making that commute to the city because it’s cheaper and viewed as better stuff that ‘hasn’t been stepped on.’” “Stepped on” means heroin has less of a chance of being diluted, of being reduced or increased in its overall potency by being mixed with or replaced by a similar looking substance. This act of “cutting” the drug with other elements can be done to lessen its power, or in some cases, to increase it, which is done by mixing or substituting the heroin with even stronger synthetic opioids such as fentanyl and carfentanil. According to McConkie, examples of both synthetic opioids have been found to be used in the area when responding to some overdose calls. According to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), carfentanil is 100 times deadlier than fentanyl, which itself can be 30 to 50 times more deadly than heroin. But traveling to Grand Rapids isn’t the only option. Despite it being cheaper to purchase in the larger city, dealers continue to make their presence felt locally. According to McConkie, daily trips from Grand Rapids are made to Greenville by drug dealers, often to “post up,” as it’s described in the heroin community, at someone’s residence for days at a time, selling the drug directly out of the home. Jessica recalled being a part of that industry. “In the town of Greenville, it’s very, very common. It happens on a daily basis,” she said. “People post up at your house and you run drugs for them. Houses, apartments, motels, everywhere.” According to McConkie, arresting those responsible for setting up these “drug houses” continues to remain a difficult task. “You want some (heroin)? These dealers, they make you use it right here right now, before you leave,” he said. “That makes it tough for us because they have nothing on their person. We can search them, but they don’t have anything on them. It’s a problem that we know about, but knowing that something is going on and probing it enough to the point of getting a search warrant is an entirely different thing.” McConkie said dealers will take advantage of addicts who have no means of paying for their drugs, making them “runners,” who distribute the drugs throughout the town, return with cash, and receive their own drug supply as payment. “They get others to do the dirty work for them, splitting the profits, funding their drug habit,” he said. Aside from traveling to Grand Rapids or visiting a local drug house, Jessica says the easiest way to obtain heroin is to simply ask. “It’s over an epidemic level … it’s to the point where you could go into the store, ask someone if you could get some, and they’d have it in their pocket,” she said.   “They will go to whatever means they can to get it.” A deadly addiction: Funded by crime  Hand-in-hand with the increase in heroin and opioid use included a new wave of crime to fuel the new drug epidemic. According to Interim Director of Greenville Public Safety Dennis Magirl, who has been with the department for 25 years, while crimes such as breaking and entering, fraud and theft have always occurred, many of those instances now correlate directly with drug addicts as a means to supply themselves with a source of revenue. “From a law-enforcement perspective, the retail fraud, shoplifting, all of that builds back onto the drug market,” he said. “If you have a $25-to-$50-a-day habit with no job or means of support, you’re going to have to find it somewhere else. That usually ends up in the organized retail market. Organized retail fraud is very big in this area. It’s a key motivator because the people that need the drugs need it quickly.” Jessica fit that model perfectly. As her addiction became an everyday affair, she soon found her life spiraling downward. “I eventually lost multiple jobs over my addiction,” she said. “You’re going to lose your job. You’re going to lose your home. You’re going to lose your vehicle. You’re going to end up out on the street with nowhere to go.” Facing those odds, officially hitting “rock bottom,” Jessica turned to theft — not as a desperate means to provide for herself and her child, but simply to feed her drug addiction. According to Magirl, a single dose of heroin (0.1 grams), otherwise referred to as a “bindle,” costs $15 to $20. “A bindle, it looks like a simple piece of paper folded at the corners,” he said. “It’s the size of half a wrapper of Dentyne chewing gum. It’s triangular in nature, so it’s very thin. Most officers when they pat someone down, you can’t feel it like you can a bag of marijuana. They stick it in their jeans, or watch pocket, or in their wallet.” But according to Jessica, when it comes to purchasing heroin, no one settles for a single dose. “You’re likely to use up an entire gram in a day,” she said. Purchasing that one gram, depending on whether one is traveling for cheaper rates in Grand Rapids or going to a local drug house, will cost anywhere from $150 to $200. Jessica began to implement criminal methods to fuel her habit. “Everything went downhill. I started stealing and selling things to get money,” she said. “I was getting misdemeanors left and right for stealing. But I still got away with it for a long time.” According to Jessica, she would enter the Wal-Mart on the west end of Greenville, but not with any intentions to shop. “I’d walk in, grab an item, go up to the service desk and return it for a gift card,” she said. “I’d sell the card for cash and then buy my drugs.” For Jessica, is was a desperate means of satisfying the pain and urges that her heroin addiction brought forth. “Your body depends on it (heroin). From the moment you wake up, you are so sick, your body aches in pain,” she said. “You have cold sweats, hot sweats, you can’t sleep. If you don’t have it, mentally, you can’t move. You can’t think until you get your daily dosage.” After multiple misdemeanors for retail fraud, Wal-Mart officials began to steadily build a case on Jessica. Through security cameras, they watched and recorded her, let her get away with it for a time, and then hit her with all of the evidence. When confronted, Jessica ran out of the store and made it halfway across the parking lot when she was stopped by McConkie, who was waiting for her. Jessica went to jail. Her parents took care of her child. With an organized retail crime charge, she faced a felony offense and spent four months in jail and received two years of probation. On the surface, a sentence of jail or prison time can appear to be a devastating conclusion to a life gone awry, but according to McConkie, in his experience, it’s often the only thing to trigger a start to recovery. “Some of it, they can help, some of it, they can’t because it’s a physical addiction. Their body is telling them they need this and they will go to whatever means they can to get it,” he said. “So from an officer standpoint, there’s a criminal element to it. It’s my job to arrest them. But at the same time, the human side of me understands that somewhere along the line they made a bad choice. Nobody likes being arrested. But if not for me arresting them, some of them would be dead. They’ve told me that personally because it got them into treatment. They would not have sought that treatment on their own.” For Jessica, the initial shock of her situation while handcuffed in the rear of a police cruiser eventually led to a much-needed wake-up call during her time behind bars. “Going to jail, that made me kind of wake up and realize things a little bit,” she said. “But when I got out, I still wanted to use.” Jessica said getting clean took extreme measures, such as distancing herself from nearly everyone she previously engaged with, along with finding a foundation of support. “Honestly, I think having the right support people, people who want to help you, be around you, is the answer,” she said. “If you don’t have anybody, you’re going to go back to using. I cleared my mind free. I didn’t want to use anymore.”   “We are not going to arrest our way out of it.” Seeking a solution: Going beyond enforcement The central question regarding the ongoing drug problem remains the same: What can be done to stop it? In enforcing the law enforcement side, Magirl said his department is committed to keeping the community as safe as possible from the world of drugs, but it’s not an easy task. “The dealers will adjust to the culture that they work in. They aren’t stupid,” he said. “They know where the cops are and what the cop cars look like and it doesn’t take a lot of research to know that Greenville doesn’t have a narcotics team, so they aren’t looking for undercover officers.” The Montcalm County Sheriff’s Office has encountered a similar problem as the county has dealt with major budget cuts in recent years. In 2012, the county’s 24-hour road patrol coverage was eliminated due to a shortfall in the county’s budget. A proposed millage to restore those funds was voted down by residents of the county. In 2016, 11 officers were eliminated from the sheriff’s department due to additional budget cuts. Today, county road patrol is at a nonexistent level, aside from a few townships and villages that have contracted to hire deputies. According to Montcalm County Sheriff Mike Williams, the consequences have resulted in a lack of ability for any attempt at a proactive approach to drug enforcement. “We’re doing the best we can, but we’re really thin,” he said. “What general funded people I do have, they are being used to fill our township obligations, so it’s impossible for us to do any kind of proactive enforcement on the drug scene.” Williams says the evidence of the heroin epidemic can be seen in the county jail. On any given week, he estimates the jail encounters from one to three individuals who need to receive detoxification medication as they face withdrawal from their drug of choice. “It seems like it’s a constant thing, so we know it’s a problem out there,” he said. According to Magirl, budget restraints prevent the Greenville police department from placing an officer on the CMET team, although communication is made on a regular basis with the county representative. While the relationship between the city and county is beneficial, McConkie said seeing city departments without a CMET officer has become all too common due to budgetary issues. “We are not naive to the drug problem. From an enforcement standpoint, we do aggressively look for it, but we’re the largest department in Montcalm County and we’re not represented on the drug team, and we have a very real drug problem,” he said. “Either we can have a guy out here on patrol taking calls for service or have him on the drug team. In a perfect world, we’d have both.” All three law-enforcement departments agree the drug problem extends beyond standard enforcement. “It’s a complex problem. We are not going to arrest our way out of it, and law enforcement alone isn’t going to solve this problem,” McConkie said. “We would love nothing more than to get to a point where we are not having to respond to overdoses, but there needs to be an education component, a treatment component, and on the criminal side, the law-enforcement component.” Now looking at raising her own children and hopeful of providing a drug-free environment, Jessica said it’s on everyone’s shoulders to take more action. “As parents, you have to pay attention. My mom and dad, they weren’t around very much and I was free to make bad decisions,” she said. “Change the people you hang out with and the places you go. People, places and things are the biggest things you need to change. Go to group meetings. It’s a complete lifestyle change you have to make. You have to cut all of your old friends off. You have to make new friends.” McConkie asks that those who know something take the time to say something to the authorities, as opposed to a friend or stranger. “At the end of the day, I wish I had more answers, I really do,” he said. “Yes, we are out there doing everything we can, but at the same time we do need help from the community, and if you think we don’t, you’re wrong. We need that help, that information. Make it anonymous, let us know that there is an issue.”   Next Monday, April 24  Part 3: “It’s a Russian roulette” Naloxone distribution and use combat heroin overdose deaths. About the Author Cory Smith Cory is the Greenville beat reporter for The Daily News. He also covers the Carson City area and specializes in photography and multimedia. Cory is a hometown kid, having graduated from Greenville High School in 2004. He then went on to study journalism at Michigan State University where he also played trumpet and marched as a member of the Spartan Marching Band for four years. Cory Smith has written 1376 articles. Related Stories HEROIN HITS HOME: The Daily News to begin 4-part heroin series Sunday, April 9th, 2017 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, News Top Story The 2015 Sam Quinones book “Dreamland: The True Tale of America’s Opiate Epidemic” tells the story of how the prescription painkiller epidemic of the early 2000s spawned heroin addiction in unlikely locations around the country. Read More » HEROIN HITS HOME: Part 1, ‘Kissing Everything Goodbye’ Friday, April 14th, 2017 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, News Top Story “I was 22 and only smoked weed, drank from here and there, took pills sometimes. Some call me a late bloomer.” — So begins a letter written by Amber Rowland on April 11, 2016, and read aloud in Montcalm County’s Drug Court as a success story from someone who was bound by addiction, but fought to be sober. Read More » Heroin use is on the rise in Montcalm, Ionia counties Friday, October 11th, 2013 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story, Photos On a day that should have been a joyous occasion, Tami Monks made a phone call that no parent would wish on their own worst enemy. It was Feb. 8, her birthday, a day that should be celebrated with cake, gifts and warm wishes from family. But Tami had run out of options with her daughter, Casey. Against all her desires and hating herself in the process, Tami picked up the phone and called the police. Read More » Greenville police officer promoted to sergeant Thursday, September 6th, 2012 Posted in: Local A Greenville Department of Public Safety officer received an honor and promotion at the Greenville City Council meeting Tuesday night. Josh McConkie was presented with a promotion to sergeant by Greenville Department of Public Safety Director Mike Pousak. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 59 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 37 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 13 Montcalm County to close Krampe Park on June 1 unless volunteer steps up 11 JUST IN: Friday afternoon crash leaves at least 2 injured News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us E-edition privacy policy sitemap terms Belding E-edition Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore
TIMELINE: The search for Amber Alert suspect Tad Cummins - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities TIMELINE: The search for Amber Alert suspect Tad Cummins 2017-04-22T01:21:38Z2017-04-22T01:22:11Z By Amelia Carlson Email Connect acarlson@wmctv.com (SOURCE: TBI) Columbia, TN (WMC) - What was referred to as a "well-thought out kidnapping" by TBI authorities ended just over a month after the day Elizabeth Thomas went missing. Court documents reveal how Cummins was under investigation prior to the disappearance, and the planning that went into Cummins and Thomas disappearing. January 23 - Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins reportedly seen kissing at Culleoka Unit School by another student. Student confronts Cummins about the kiss. He denies it and admits Thomas goes to church with him and his wife sometimes, proclaims his love for his wife. January 30 - Maury County Sheriff Department receives a phone call from Culleoka Unit School in Columbia, TN School Resource officer regarding a student and a teacher kissing. Officials spoke with student who say the incident. Student said it was more of a romantic kiss than a father/daughter kiss.  January 31 - Cell phone records reveal "brief contact" between Thomas and Cummins. Detectives talk to Thomas and she said Cummins was consoling her after she had an argument with another teacher, denies kissing Cummins. February 1 - Investigators interview Cummins. He says his relationship with Thomas is that of a father and daughter, denies kissing Thomas. February 3 - Surveillance video shows Thomas in Cummins' classroom for more than 30 minutes, despite orders to stay away from Thomas during the investigation. February 6 - Cummins suspended by the school. His school issued laptop and iPad was taken by investigators. Cummins became upset over the iPad taken - said it included personal information and purchases he had made.  March 5 - Cummins researches "teen marriage" on the computer and what features on a Nissan Rogue can be tracked by police. Week of March 7 - Cummins takes out a loan for $4,500 - tells his wife it is to pay bills while he is suspended. March 10 - Cummins receives refill of Cialis for six pills at the Kroger Pharmacy on S. James Campbell Blvd in Columbia.  March 13 - Cummins is picked up at her house at 7:30 a.m. and dropped off at Shoneys, located at 2225 Carmack Blvd in Columbia, at approximately 8 a.m.  Cummins borrows his wife's car and lies to her about having a job interview at Williams County Medical Center to attend.  At 8:32 a.m. Cummins gets gas at a Shell station near Shoney's. Leaves gas station at approximately 8:38 a.m.  Cummins' wife discovers note he left for her saying he was going to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to "clear his head". He denies doing anything wrong and apologizes to her. Tells her to not call the police. Thomas' father reports her missing after she didn't come home - tells police she may be with Cummins. March 14 at 7:30 a.m. - Cummins' wife tells police he is missing. She tells police that he took out a loan to pay bills, but the money is gone. She also tells police his clothes, toiletries, and 2 handguns are missing. An Endangered Child Alert was issued for Thomas. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation later upgraded that to an Amber Alert. Cummins was officially terminated from his position at the school. Warrant issued for Cummins for one count of sexual contact with a minor. March 15 - 16 - Cummins and Thomas rent a motel room at Super 8 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, at 3852 S. Prospect. Rent a room with a single queen-sized bed. March 15 - Cummins and Thomas seen on surveillance video at Walmart at 100 East I-240 Service Road in Oklahoma City at approximately 4:30 p.m. March 16-17 - Cummins and Thomas rent a room at Super 8 Motel on Guymon, Oklahoma. Cummins rented a room with a single bed.  March 16 - Cummins and Thomas caught on surveillance camera at Walmart in Guymon, Oklahoma. Cummins purchased women's razors, chocolate, cheese cubes, and KY Jelly.  TBI said they are "extremely concerned" for Thomas. BOLO issued for Cummins and Thomas. March 17 - Jill Cummins', suspect's wife, speaks during a press conference and asks for Cummins to turn himself into authorities and to "do the right thing." Cummins added to the TBI's Top 10 Most Wanted list. March 28 - TBI Director calls the kidnapping a "well-thought out kidnapping" by Cummins.  March 29 - Super 8 Motels employee called TBI/FBI tip-line and told investigators a nationwide search of their motel database showed Cummins rented a room in Oklahoma City on March 15,16. March 30 - Investigators obtain video surveillance from Walmart on Oklahoma City that shows Cummins and Thomas in the video. March 31 - Jill Cummins files for divorce.  April 1 - Investigators receive information from Wyndham Hotels and Resorts, who owns and operates Super 8, that Cummins checked into a hotel on March 16 and 17 in Guymon, OK. April 20 - Cummins and Thomas found in Cecilville, California. Cummins taken into custody. Thomas put in protective custody until she can be reunited with her family. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Movie extras needed for Memphis-based film Movie extras needed for Memphis-based film Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 1:44 AM EDT2017-04-22 05:44:55 GMT Memphis filmmaker Dr. David Evans says no auditions are required for extras to appear in his upcoming film shoots. The optometrist is also a gifted screenwriter and director, known for his 2010 film The Grace Card. Evans has written a new screenplay called "Indivisible" based on the inspirational true story of Army Chaplain Darren Turner and his wife, as Turner is deployed on his first tour during the 2007 Iraqi war. Evans is looking for extras to perform i... More >> Memphis filmmaker Dr. David Evans says no auditions are required for extras to appear in his upcoming film shoots. The optometrist is also a gifted screenwriter and director, known for his 2010 film The Grace Card. Evans has written a new screenplay called "Indivisible" based on the inspirational true story of Army Chaplain Darren Turner and his wife, as Turner is deployed on his first tour during the 2007 Iraqi war. Evans is looking for extras to perform i...More >> Dedication event to be held for families of overdose victims Dedication event to be held for families of overdose victims Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-04-22 03:38:21 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) In 2016, 130 people died of drug overdoses in Memphis – that's 130 families struggling through the loss of a loved one and untold tidal waves of grief.  More >> In 2016, 130 people died of drug overdoses in Memphis – that's 130 families struggling through the loss of a loved one and untold tidal waves of grief. More >> Community reacts after businessman Giannini found not guilty of rape Community reacts after businessman Giannini found not guilty of rape Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 11:06 PM EDT2017-04-22 03:06:08 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Emotions ran high after millionaire businessman Mark Giannini was found not guilty on all counts in his rape trial. In some ways, the verdict left more questions than answers after an intense week of testimony.  More >> Emotions ran high after millionaire businessman Mark Giannini was found not guilty on all counts in his rape trial. In some ways, the verdict left more questions than answers after an intense week of testimony. More >> 4 men remain on the run after Macy's smash and grab 4 men remain on the run after Macy's smash and grab Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 10:41 PM EDT2017-04-22 02:41:42 GMT Four men are still on the run after they robbed Macy's at Oak Court Mall Friday. More >> Four men are still on the run after they robbed Macy's at Oak Court Mall Friday.More >> Increased police patrols downtown ahead of busy Memphis weekend Increased police patrols downtown ahead of busy Memphis weekend Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 10:37 PM EDT2017-04-22 02:37:18 GMT Beale Street (Source: WMC Action News 5) For two straight weekends there has been a shooting near the riverfront. More >> For two straight weekends there has been a shooting near the riverfront. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Mother disturbed over school employee's lewd texts to 11-year-old Mother disturbed over school employee's lewd texts to 11-year-old Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-04-21 22:38:44 GMT (image provided by mom) An Oahu elementary school employee is on leave accused of sending lewd text messages to a student.More >> An Oahu elementary school employee is on leave accused of sending lewd text messages to a student.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Hot Topics: Loveland Recycling I-25 Police Chase Toppers Pizza CSU Football Have Fun in NoCo Loveland Choral Society Cleveland Ave. Narrowing RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 20-21, 2017 Posted:   04/21/2017 06:28:32 PM MDT Thursday Arrests • 5:44 p.m. At the Loveland Police and Courts Building, 810 E. 10th St., a 31-year-old Loveland man turned himself in on suspicion of misdemeanor violation of a restraining order and misdemeanor violation of bail bond conditions. • 6:58 p.m. In the 200 block of Primrose Drive, a 27-year-old Loveland woman on three unknown felony warrants alleging unknown charges, and two misdemeanor warrants alleging unknown charges. • 10:57 p.m. In the 1000 block of North Cleveland Avenue, a 22-year-old Cheyenne, Wyo., man on suspicion of felony possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and riding a bicycle not equipped with a front lamp, as well as a warrant alleging failure to appear in court on a drug charge. • 11:01 p.m. In the 500 block of North Jefferson Avenue, a 35-year-old Loveland man on a felony drug warrant and another felony warrant alleging unknown charges. Other Notable Calls Thursday • Noon. Shoplifting at Kohl's, 1340 Sculptor Drive. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of West 65th Street and North Garfield Avenue. • 3 p.m. Shoplifting at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Taft Avenue and Georgetown Drive. • A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4600 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Hit-and-run at the intersection of East Colo. 402 and South County Road 7. Advertisement • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4100 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Fraud in the 1300 block of 22nd Street Southwest. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Lincoln Avenue and East Seventh Street. • 6 p.m. Warrant in the 1600 block of Valency Drive. • 7 p.m. Hit-and-run in the 400 block of Barnes Place. • 10 p.m. Drugs in the 1000 block of North Cleveland Avenue. Larimer County's Most Wanted Friday • 6 a.m. Warrant at Serious Texas Bar-B-Q, 201 W. 71st St. • 8 a.m. A nonforcible sex offense at an undisclosed location. • 8 a.m. Trespassing in the 1000 block of Patricia Drive. • 9 a.m. Theft in the 500 block of West 66th Street. • 9 a.m. Theft in the 1100 block of East First Street. Larimer County's Most Wanted: Justin Tyler Garst, 32, on a felony warrant alleging possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute. Garst is 6-foot-1, 140 pounds and was last known to be located at 965 Douglas Ave. in Loveland. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland Recycling Center expands its list of recyclables and helps keep items away from the landfill Daily Record: Loveland police calls April 20-21, 2017 Colorado Legislature names highway in memory of Trooper Taylor Thyfault   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search Menu Home Live Music/Events Support WMOT Membership Sponsor Programming Leave a Legacy Vehicle Donation Scholarship Fund Search The Latest: Rescued teen back home in Tennessee By Associated Press • 15 hours ago TweetShareGoogle+Email COLUMBIA, Tenn. (AP) — A California sheriff says a Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student got the idea to go to a commune after visiting Berkeley, a city long known as a counterculture hotbed. Siskiyou County Sheriff Jon E. Lopey said teacher Tad Cummins took the girl to the commune at Black Bear Ranch in northern California but "didn't get along" with the residents and wound up leaving. Police say the teacher kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. He was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to them at a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer for the family of a 15-year-old girl who was allegedly kidnapped by her teacher says the teen is back home in Tennessee and being evaluated and treated by mental health experts. Attorney Jason Whatley said in a press release that the girl is in a safe location with family and friends. Police say teacher Tad Cummins kidnapped the girl from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. Cummins was arrested Thursday after a tip led police to a remote cabin in Cecilville, California. The lawyer said there is no doubt the girl suffered severe emotional trauma and the process of recovery is only beginning. He thanked people across the country for their thoughts and prayers and asked that the family have privacy. Tenn. (AP) — Teacher Tad Cummins took guns, money and his wife's car before kidnapping a 15-year-old female student and taking her on a 2,500-mile cross-country journey that ended Thursday, court records show. He had just been suspended from teaching and police were zeroing in on him, questioning his relationship with the girl. After taking out a loan for $4,500, the records say, the teacher took the money and two handguns and wrote a note to his wife saying he needed to go to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his head. But instead of going to the beach, police say he picked up the student in Columbia, Tennessee, in his wife's white Nissan Rogue on the morning of March 13, setting in motion a six-week police manhunt. "It is believed based on the investigation to date, as set forth herein, that Cummins, age 50, and victim, age 15, are involved in a sexual relationship and traveled in interstate commerce to continue their relationship and to engage in unlawful sexual activity," the criminal complaint against Cummins says. Cummins, the federal complaint says, is charged with taking a minor across states lines to have sex. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Hotel companies alerted authorities that the two had checked in to motels in Oklahoma City and Guymon, Oklahoma, but they were gone by the time police got the tips, the complaint says. Surveillance video from Wal-Mart stores in Oklahoma City and Guymon captured video of the student and teacher. How they got to Cecilville, California, and why they went there remains a mystery to investigators. The teacher, police say, surrendered Thursday to sheriff's deputies outside a cabin in a remote northern area of the state after a tip was called into the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation that Cummins and the student had taken up residence there for about a week and a half. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "The family is absolutely elated beyond words that this part of the ordeal is coming to an end," Jason Whatley, an attorney for the girl's family said Thursday evening. "We're anxiously awaiting word on her condition." A TBI plane is supposed to fly the girl back home. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as the federal charges. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. The school's investigative files provided to the AP by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. Cummins was fired about a month after being suspended — a day after the TBI issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WMOT Employment Contact Us
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Final Bruins BOS 3 Senators OTT 2 Final Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Young immigrant ‘dreamers’ can ‘rest easy,’ Trump says Harvard researchers uncover second parchment copy of Declaration of Independence, in England Two sisters, one house, and a mystery 'John 3:16' found written on Aaron Hernandez’s forehead, law enforcement official says Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Five things you should know about Kristina Tsipouras E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share David L. Ryan/Globe Staff By Katie Johnston Globe Staff  April 21, 2017 Kristina Tsipouras doesn’t sit still for long. She started out as a wedding planner, then founded a Greek iced tea company. Two years ago, she launched the Boston Business Women networking group and started a line of organic lip balms, which was just picked up by CVS. She also recently self-published the appropriately titled “Busy Girl’s Guide to Happiness.” Did we mention she’s only 32? Tsipouras recently spoke with reporter Katie Johnston about her serial entrepreneur tendencies, Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak’s lip balm needs, and how she got the chief executive of the bathroom spray Poo-Pourri to be her mentor. 1. Tsipouras’ father emigrated from Greece when he was in his 20s, along with his family and a few dozen other people from his city. After settling in Dorchester and working as a waiter, he opened a dry cleaning business. Her father met his wife-to-be in a glass repair shop in Dorchester, after both of their cars were broken into. The couple eventually sold the cleaners in Dorchester, moved to Newton, and opened another dry cleaning business there. Advertisement “All my parents’ friends were doctors and lawyers, and I grew up with the kid whose dad owns New Balance. My parents dropped me off in the Lorraine Village Cleaners truck, and I got the spanakopita for lunch. I definitely relate very much to the ‘My Big Fat Greek Wedding’ life.” 2. After burning out as a wedding planner at the age of 25, Tsipouras spent a summer in Greece and drank a lot of the local tea, called tuvunu. She came back to Boston to launch the Greek iced tea company Zoos. It was going well, selling at stores such as Wegman’s, until she brought in a business partner and the board forced Tsipouras out. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “They say that entrepreneurs — what is it? — they build a parachute on the way down after they jump out of the plane. That was kind of my first experience. I heard a lot the term ‘fail fast, fail forward.’ My parents worked so hard to give me a good life. [I decided], ‘I’m not going to let this stop me.’ ” 3. Feeling a need for connection with her fellow female entrepreneurs, in 2015 Tsipouras started a Facebook networking and support group called Boston Business Women. It now has more than 8,700 members from all backgrounds and industries. “For entrepreneurs, there’s a lot of emotions that you go through. It’s very hard. And you’re so forced to be in the ‘fake it till you make it’ mode that you kind of lose yourself in that. I just wanted to connect on a deeper level with someone going through the same thing as me, someone who could relate. And it’s very lonely. I felt like I was going into these events, putting on my name tag, shaking hands with people, but I wanted something more than that.” Advertisement 4. Boston Business Women is holding its second annual conference May 17. There is no Arianna Huffington-level celebrity this year, but there is Suzy Batiz, who overcame an abusive marriage and two bankruptcies to form Poo-Pourri, a $300 million bathroom spray company with unusually explicit advertising. “I’m fascinated by her brand. She’s everywhere. She’s in Walmart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Target, everywhere. So I called her assistant and said, ‘Is she open to mentoring?’ and she said, ‘You know what, no one’s ever asked that before, but that’s a really good question.’ So she got on a two-hour Skype call with me and has taken me under her wing.” 5. Moroccan Magic, Tsipouras’ organic lip balm line made with cold-pressed argan oil, started selling nationwide in March in more than 1,000 CVS stores. Tsipouras says she is meeting with another big national retailer soon. “We’re getting crazy feedback. Steve Wozniak, the cofounder of Apple, just tweeted about us. He placed a huge order on our website. I woke up in the morning to a few hundred online orders. So, weird, magical things are happening.” Katie Johnston can be reached at katie.johnston@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @ktkjohnston. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live 46° F Broken Clouds Hi: 60° F Lo: 45° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Community raising money to help families of 2 Ben Davis students killed in crash April 21, 2017 State police identified the victims of a fatal I-70 crash as 17-year-old Taylor Parsons and 18-year-old Brandon Gross. Muncie man accused of luring murder victim to Indy takes plea deal April 21, 2017 He will be sentenced on May 19. WISH-TV wins 8 SPJ awards for outstanding work in Indiana journalism April 21, 2017 IMPD arrests robbery, home invasion suspect April 21, 2017 Frustrated Pacers still looking to fight back against Cavs April 21, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Current Conditions 46° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 40° F Wind: NNE 15 Humidity: 66% Dewpoint: 35° F Sunrise: 6:57 AM Sunset: 8:28 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar Submit Event CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live Search for: Search the site 46° F Broken Clouds Hi: 60° F Lo: 45° F Carmel police seek help locating theft suspect Staff Reports Published: April 21, 2017, 6:55 pm Updated: April 21, 2017, 6:58 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Police searching for suspect wanted for fraud. (Provided Provided/Carmel Police Department) CARMEL, Ind. (WISH) – The Carmel Police Department is asking for the public’s assistance in locating a theft and fraud suspect. According to CPD, a victim told police that her vehicle was broken into and that several credit cards were stolen. Police have said that the stolen cards have been used at a Marathon gas station in Indianapolis and a Walmart in Fishers. The suspect has been described as a black female with shoulder length dark hair. She has been spotted in a dark colored 2017 Chrysler Pacifica. Anyone with information on this case is asked to contact the Carmel Police Department at 317-571-2511 or Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Arrest warrant issued for man accused of beating and robbing 74-year-old woman Carmel police seek help finding fraud suspect Franklin police looking for suspect who used cloned credit cards at Walmart stores IMPD arrests robbery, home invasion suspect Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Hamilton County News Severe weather possible in central Indiana April 20, 2017 The biggest threats are damaging wind, large hail, and a slight chance of an isolated tornado. Carmel High School InvenTeam could use your help April 20, 2017 The program pays for 6 students and 2 teachers to go, but the Carmel High School InvenTeam would like every one of their 15 members to go. Owner of Nickel Plate tracks accepting proposals to possibly continue Fair Train April 19, 2017 For 30 years, the Indiana Transportation Museum ran the Fair Train, and later the Polar Bear Express. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 67° 67° Low 62° High 87° Sat 64° 77° Sun 52° 59° Mon 46° 68° See complete forecast Severe weather alert A few storms continue Friday night, more storms likely Saturday – Check WHNT’s Interactive Radar Tad Cummins arrest: Tipster reveals how teacher covered up identity Posted 5:40 pm, April 21, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 06:24PM, April 21, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email CECILVILLE, California — Tad Cummins was an intensely sought fugitive, trumpeted from coast to coast as the Tennessee teacher accused of running off with his 15-year-old student. But before his capture this week, Cummins and the young woman he called his wife slipped into a remote Northern California community unrecognized, and Cummins passed himself off for days as a down-on-his-luck Colorado man who’d just lost his job and home, according to the man who eventually tipped off police. Cummins was arrested — and the girl was found safe — Thursday outside a cabin in Cecilville, ending a 39-day hunt for the teen who was reported missing some 1,900 miles away in her hometown south of Nashville. The former teacher, facing federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance, is in federal custody and is expected to be arraigned in Sacramento on Monday, Siskiyou County prosecutor Kirk Andrus said. Front page of the Columbia Daily Herald: BUSTED pic.twitter.com/0A9pd0sHQh — Sonia Moghe (@soniamoghe) April 21, 2017 Elizabeth was reunited with family and friends. She is being evaluated and treated by mental health experts specializing in trauma. “She is a little girl in every sense of the word. This was the abduction of an impressionable, little child,” family lawyer S. Jason Whatley said. “There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning.” A suspicious couple Police say the two spent at least one night in the remote cabin — a one room structure that was in the process of being built, sources told CNN’s Sara Sidner. It had no electricity or furniture. On Friday, a grill, pots and pans, a bag of rice and boxes of food and empty bottles of soda and water remained in the cabin. The inside of the cabin where police say Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Taylor stayed. The pair had been in the heavily wooded area 60 miles south of the Oregon line since at least last week, according to Griffin Barry, the man who says he eventually helped police capture Cummins. Cummins and the teen arrived at a Cecilville-area gas station last week, apparently on their way to visit a commune, Barry told CNN. Cummins, 50, told Barry he was 44, and that the teen was his 22-year-old wife, Barry told CNN affiliate KRCR. “He was like, ‘We’re from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything,” Barry told CNN. “He’s like, ‘This is my last $10.” Barry said he gave Cummins $40 and paid another $15 to put gas in Cummins’ vehicle. The pair went to the commune but returned to the gas station this week, with Cummins explaining they didn’t get along with people at the commune, Barry said. Barry said he offered Cummins work — moving rocks to build a wall on the property — and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But Barry and some acquaintances eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a vehicle without any license plates, and that Cummins’ companion spoke few words for herself. ‘That’s the guy’ As he discussed the pair with someone a bar Wednesday night, the other person found Cummins’ picture online in an urgent Amber Alert widely distributed by authorities. Cummins and a 15-year-old girl stayed in one of these cabins in Cecilville, California, this week, the property’s caretaker told CNN affiliate KOBI. “I said, ‘That’s the guy,'” Barry said. He called police Wednesday night. After Barry told them he and Cummins had planned to move more rocks Thursday morning, authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture Cummins. At officers’ instructions Thursday morning, Barry drove by the cabin and shouted for Cummins. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN. Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin. Cummins was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Whatley. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” The disappearance Cummins and the girl disappeared March 13 as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. A high school health sciences teacher in the Tennessee town of Culleoka, Cummins had been suspended in February, less than a month after a student reported seeing him and the 15-year-old kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. Cummins and the teen also visited a Walmart in the Oklahoma Panhandle city of Guymon on March 16, and he rented a one-bed motel room in Guymon on March 16 and 17, a criminal complaint filed in federal court Thursday alleges. After that, the trail appears to have gone cold. The complaint alleges Cummins left a note for his wife on March 13 saying he was leaving for a while to “clear his head.” He took out a $4,500 loan and picked up two prescription refills of Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug, the complaint says. His wife reported that two handguns and some clothes and toiletries were missing from their home. After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. ‘Our goal is to seclude (her) with her family’ Whatley, the attorney for the girl’s family, said her immediate future wasn’t clear. “Obviously, our goal is to seclude (her) with her family,” Whatley said. “We have mental health people that are engaged actively in this case that are going to be working with her for her best interests. “We are following their recommendations completely, and so we are waiting on further instructions from them.” Gilley described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had already filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Dead insects, expired meat products, and dirty dishes in this week’s Restaurant Ratings First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested Latest News BREAKING OVERNIGHT: One arrested in shooting at Wild Bill’s Bar and Grill in Madison Mental health expert shares warning signs of grooming and manipulation Scottsboro Municipal Airport is looking for funds for AWOS part Huntsville company wants to detect enemy aircraft and cancer. News Family attorney holds news conference after Elizabeth Thomas is safely located News TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested News Federal criminal complaint against Tad Cummins offers grounds for sex charge against him News Siskiyou Sheriff’s Office reveals how they captured suspected kidnapper Tad Cummins, found Elizabeth Thomas News First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over Decatur TBI: Some AMBER Alert tips received, none found credible yet News Nationwide search continues for Tennessee student kidnapped by teacher one week after disappearance News Court hearing cancelled for suspected kidnapper, Cummins now in federal custody News UPDATE: TBI says possible sighting of Cummins and Thomas near Memphis was not them News Who is Tad Cummins? TBI investigates his involvement in AMBER alert disappearance News UPDATE: Family hopeful after confirmed sighting of missing teen, accused kidnapper from Tenn. AMBER Alert seen in Oklahoma City News TBI: No credible tips yet in Tennessee Amber Alert case, public urged to remain vigilant News TBI urges public to keep looking for Elizabeth Thomas & Tad Cummins: “It only takes one tip” Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Gary Thomas, prosecutor paralyzed in 1970 courthouse shootout, San Jose officer shoots, wounds man who had knife A day without power: bad traffic, big losses, some frustration Feinstein urges help from Silicon Valley on Caltrain News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Sanctuary cities threatened with loss of federal grant money 'Drain the swamp' more a Trump slogan than a practice so far Coal-state lawmakers push to extend retired miners' benefits Finance leaders downplay differences with Trump over trade Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants’ Bumgarner hurt in dirt bike accident A’s win fourth straight behind Manaea, 2 homers Cal defense looks to shift paradigm, reputation Giants’ bad day ends in Cueto’s first defeat Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs ICYMI: Ikea’s meatballs; NFL on 4/20; e-sports; Wiz Khalifa’s Bill O’Reilly ouster a lesson in what not to do, says Anita Last lawsuit over PG&E San Bruno explosion close to settlement Clothing retailer Bebe to close all its stores by the end of May A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do A ‘Temple’ worthy of veneration at the Aurora The latest from Dear Abby ‘The Promise’ is too fictional a take on Armenian genocide Ferocious ‘Free Fire’ delivers an epic shootout Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Ron Siegel to open Madcap in Marin Atelier Crenn debuts a dessert menu with a Mayan theme Introducing Toke Back Mountain, Black Hammer Brewing's West Oakland's Fusebox to close April 23 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Good day for a blackout: Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight Bill Gates didn't allow his kids to have cell phones until age 14 National parks contributed $34.9 billion to the economy last year Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map One Day, One Place, Santa Cruz: A beach town like no other The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Insider: Ice cream maker has the scoop on Santa Cruz Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Glenn Park home offers modern features, classic The least expensive unit in San Francisco is also the tiniest at Mill Valley Victorian featured on ‘Oprah’ show hits Resplendent Queen Anne Victorian in Alameda Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Finding-Mr-Right-Dog-exec-s-big-check-Rob-11090514.php Finding Mr. Right Dog; exec’s big check; Rob Lowe as the Colonel Chronicle Staff and News Services Published 3:32 pm, Friday, April 21, 2017 Wag right for yes Several online services match people with pets, but now there’s one that works like Match or eHarmony, fitting humans with dogs based on what really matters: personality, lifestyle and behavior. How I Met My Dog says it uses a detailed, scientific questionnaire that narrows the number of dogs that meet a human adopter’s lifestyle and expectations. The site, which hopes to be available nationally by the end of the year, also helps people who want to find a new home for a dog they just can’t live with anymore, and so far has teamed up with 24 Boston-area shelters and rescues. Number of the day TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters $243.9 million That’s how much Walmart paid e-commerce executive Marc Lore last year. The monster payday was fueled by shares he received as part of the sale of his company, Jet.com, to the retail giant. The package, almost 9,000 times the average salary of a Walmart worker, included restricted stock worth $236.3 million, plus $7.55 million in salary, other stock awards and perks, according to a regulatory filing. It’s also more than CEO Doug McMillon makes. Lore is now in charge of Walmart’s e-commerce, locked in a fierce battle with Amazon.com. Say it ain’t so, Lowe Add Rob Lowe to the list of actors who have played Ham — er, Colonel Sanders. Entertainment Weekly reports that the former star of “The West Wing” is in a new ad for KFC’s Zinger spicy chicken sandwich. Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techchronicle Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. SF POWER OUTAGE A day without power: Bad traffic, big losses, some frustration Power restored in SF after blackout shuts businesses, cable cars Authorities: SF blackout not linked to outages in other US cities Substation fire could be linked to huge SF power outage SF power outage caused problems for BART, Muni riders SF Unified: Over a dozen schools hit by outage LATEST NEWS Bay Area pianist known as Jazz Professor dies San Jose officer shoots, wounds man who had knife CHP rescues homeless man from cliff above China Beach Good day for blackout: Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight Prosecutor paralyzed in 1970 courthouse shootout dies State license revoked for contractor in Berkeley balcony collapse United CEO won't add chairman title as was planned Court upholds Berkeley cell phone warning law Giants’ Bumgarner hurt in dirt bike accident Bumgarner injury latest in long line of Bay Area sports mishaps Giants Bochy back in dugout ‘ready to roll’ Yiannopoulos announces 'grand comeback tour' at UC Berkeley Coulter accuses Drudge of 'fake news' coverage These are the fastest growing SF jobs that pay at least $70k Gender pay gap present even among recent grads Safe injection sites offer hope in scourge of discarded syringes No progress seen on housing crunch for SF teachers TODAY'S TOP PICKS Saved from stew pot, pet rabbits a bargain at SF shelter Dana Carvey's impression of Trump after nuclear war Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in LA Most Popular 1 Power restored in SF after blackout shuts businesses, cable cars 2 A day without power: bad traffic, big losses, some frustration 3 Giants’ Bumgarner hurt in dirt bike accident 4 Subway shuts hundreds of locations in historic retrenchment 5 Good day for a blackout: Lyrid meteor shower peaks tonight 6 Authorities: San Francisco blackout not linked to smaller... 7 LIVE video coverage from KTVU 8 Milo Yiannopoulos announces 'grand comeback tour' at UC Berkeley 9 Sequoia Hospital fined for mistakenly removing woman’s ovaries 10 Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
End of the road: 39 days on the run with missing teacher and stu - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases End of the road: 39 days on the run with missing teacher and student Posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 5:31 PM EDT Updated: Friday, April 21, 2017 5:32 PM EDT Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins has been arrested and 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe in northern California, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Thursday, April 20, 2017. Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth, his student, from... By Alanne Orjoux and Sara Sidner CNN CECILVILLE, California (CNN) -- They traveled about as far away from Tennessee as they could get in the US, finally settling -- at least for a night -- in a remote cabin on a tree-covered mountainside in Northern California. The man told people the young woman with him was his wife. He said their house had burned down in Colorado, and he was down to his last dollar. But Tad Cummins failed to mention that he was the subject of a nationwide manhunt and that his companion, 15, had been his student, listed in an Amber Alert as abducted and in danger. During the five weeks the teacher and student were missing, residents tied green ribbons on trees back in Culleoka, Tennessee. There, relatives of the teenager fielded dozens of media inquiries, while authorities plastered the airwaves and the Internet with surveillance images of the pair at a store in Oklahoma, asking for the public's help in finding them. The arrest of Cummins, 50, and the recovery of the 15-year-old girl came Thursday after the cabin's caretaker alerted authorities. "I'm glad this is over," the teacher told sheriff's deputies when they took him into custody. 5 weeks of mystery The exact path that Cummins and his student took from Tennessee to California isn't clear, but the teacher's next trip is: At some point, he'll be extradited to the Volunteer State to face charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, among other counts. Many questions remain about what happened: Where were they from the time they left Culleoka in mid-March until they were found Thursday in the tiny town of Cecilville? What were their plans? And did the student leave willingly with her teacher, who had already been warned to stay away from her? Accusations of inappropriate contact Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas disappeared March 13, about two months after another student reported seeing the two kissing in his classroom. The school learned about the incident the following day, January 24, but the girl's father didn't find out until a week later when the Maury County Sheriff's Department notified him, his attorney said. Meanwhile, his daughter said she was still in Cummins' class. "If it is true that contact between this student and Mr. Cummins has continued in light of these allegations, I can tell you that my client will use whatever legal means are at his disposal, including filing suit, to assist Maury County Schools in protecting (his daughter) from Mr. Cummins," Anthony Thomas' attorney, Jason Whatley, wrote in a letter to the school February 6. The school district said in a February 8 internal memo, provided to CNN by Whatley, that the student had been removed from Cummins' forensics class and that assertions she remained in his class were false. Cummins was suspended from his job February 6, and he was fired more than a month later -- the day after he disappeared with his student. Authorities believe the teacher groomed Elizabeth for nearly a year. He told her stories about what he said was his past as a CIA and FBI agent flush with cash, her father said. "He convinced her that he had been a secret agent and ... that he had all kinds of money," her father told HLN. "It was clear that he had really put a lot of notions into her head." 'She did expect to be home by dinner' For her part, Elizabeth said that, like many students, she looked to Cummins as a counselor. She had been to church with him, she said. According to the report about the incident in his classroom, he never made her feel uncomfortable, and he never touched her, except for the occasional fist bump. He also grabbed her hands one time to calm her down, she said. On the morning of March 13, a friend dropped her off at a restaurant in Columbia, near Culleoka. Around the same time, surveillance footage showed Cummins pumping gas nearby, according to authorities. Elizabeth told a sibling she was going somewhere that day but to call police if she hadn't returned by 6 p.m., her brother, James Thomas, told HLN last month. "She didn't think she was going to be gone that long, I guess, because she did expect to be home by dinner that night," he said. Plans for a trip It appears Cummins, at least, had been planning to leave with his student for some time. According to a criminal complaint filed Thursday in federal court in Tennessee, the teacher filled two prescriptions for Cialis shortly before March 13. The drug is used to treat erectile dysfunction and enhance sexual performance. He also applied for and received a $4,500 loan -- which he told his wife they needed because he no longer had a job. On the day he left, he told his wife, Jill, that he needed to borrow her Nissan Rogue to go on a job interview. When she got home that day, she found a note saying he was leaving for a while to "clear his head" and she shouldn't call police. She also discovered that the loan money, two handguns, clothes and toiletry items were missing. Cummins did some research online about the SUV to see if law enforcement could track certain features, police said. He also looked at websites concerning teen marriage, authorities told HLN last month. "That is an issue that we have some major concerns of because it might potentially speak to his intentions for her," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation spokesman Josh DeVine said March 22. Investigators also discovered that Cummins booked rooms -- in his own name -- at Super 8 motels in Oklahoma City and in Guymon, Oklahoma, in March. Authorities have surveillance video from a Walmart in Oklahoma City from March 15 showing the pair, and images of Cummins purchasing women's razors, chocolates and a "commonly used lubricant for sexual intercourse," according to the criminal complaint. Jill Cummins has filed for divorce after 31 years of marriage. How authorities found them After 39 days on the run, Cummins and his student ended up in Northern California, where they apparently tried to get into a commune near Cecilville, according to the man who said he tipped police off to their presence. Griffin Barry told CNN affiliate KRCR-TV that Cummins said he was 44 and that his "wife" was 22. "The first time he was like, 'We're from Colorado. We had a house fire and lost everything.' He said he used to be a raft outfitter, or something like that," Barry told CNN. He told Barry he was down to his last $10. "And I was like, 'Oh, man, I've had my own struggles. So (I'll) try to help you out,'" Barry said. He said he offered Cummins work -- moving rocks -- and a place to stay: a small cabin for which Barry was the caretaker. But he said he eventually became suspicious, noting that Cummins was driving a Nissan Rogue without any license plates and that his female companion spoke little, he told KRCR. Researching the pair, Barry saw Cummins' picture online in an urgent Amber Alert. He called police Wednesday night, KRCR reported, and authorities asked the caretaker to help them capture the teacher. On Thursday morning, Barry asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins left the cabin, investigators were there to arrest him, the cabin's owner, Monk O'Hare, told CNN. Elizabeth was right behind him, and she was taken into federal custody. The girl alternated between being "stoic" and "emotional" -- understandable, given the circumstances. Siskiyou County sheriff's Sgt. Mike Gilley said. "It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating," Gilley said. "The two obviously have a relationship. ... Her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down." Facing justice Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He also faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. State law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families unless their removal or confinement "is accomplished by force, threat or fraud." To prove kidnapping, prosecutors will need to show the 15-year-old was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. That determination remains to be seen. But what's important now, Elizabeth's relatives say, is that she comes home and begins the process of healing. "There aren't words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family," said Whatley, the family's attorney. "Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate." CNN's Sara Sidner reported from Cecilville, and Alanne Orjoux wrote in Atlanta. CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton, Faith Karimi, Holly Yan, Emanuella Grinberg, Roxanne Garcia, Natisha Lance, Eliott C. McLaughlin and Artemis Moshtaghian, HLN's Mike Galanos and journalist Burt Staggs contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
HBO movie on Henrietta Lacks puts spotlight on Johns Hopkins Business Amid groundswell in cybersecurity courses, novel UMD seminar permits students to hack campus network Cybersecurity class at University of Maryland, College Park Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun College Park, MD -- Rob Maxwell instructs an honors seminar in the University of Maryland, College Park's Advanced Cybersecurity Experience for Students. Students in the class probe the university's system seeking vulnerabilities. College Park, MD -- Rob Maxwell instructs an honors seminar in the University of Maryland, College Park's Advanced Cybersecurity Experience for Students. Students in the class probe the university's system seeking vulnerabilities. (Lloyd Fox / Baltimore Sun) Tim PrudenteContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun The young men and a lone woman arrive in dark T-shirts with logos for "Digital Forensics" and "Major League Hacking." They unzip sleeves to razor-thin laptops, plug into the lab monitors, and commence an assault that in another place and time could send them to jail. Their assignment: hack their college. They are a class of honors students at the University of Maryland, College Park who can read in C-code, compute in binary, and whose studies have brought them to this new frontier in cybersecurity education. "We turn them loose on the larger campus network," said their instructor, Rob Maxwell, who has presented his teaching method at security conferences. "I've gotten some interest and a few people alarmed at the notion." Maryland has emerged as a leader in cybersecurity education as its schools moved to meet a growing demand for workers qualified for jobs in the state's burgeoning cybersecurity industry. As the internet exploded in use over the past 25 years, an entire industry sprang up in the state, largely around the National Security Agency, to protect the nation and its cyber infrastructure, communications and data. Maryland's cybersecurity workforce is estimated at about 37,600 people, but more than 16,600 jobs remain unfilled statewide, according to CyberSeek, a nonprofit working to close the gap. Maryland's federal workforce offers state a source of cyber entrepreneurs Sarah Gantz Zuly Gonzalez and Beau Adkins worked in the digital trenches at the National Security Agency for more than a decade. Gonzalez designed computer protection systems and Adkins figured out how to penetrate such barriers. Their light bulb moment came when they decided to apply their expertise to the... Zuly Gonzalez and Beau Adkins worked in the digital trenches at the National Security Agency for more than a decade. Gonzalez designed computer protection systems and Adkins figured out how to penetrate such barriers. Their light bulb moment came when they decided to apply their expertise to the... (Sarah Gantz) "More and more things are connected to computers; soon your washing machine and fridge will be," said Anupam Joshi, director of University of Maryland, Baltimore County's Center for cybersecurity. "We're exposing more and more to people who wish us harm. That means the demand for people who know how to defend against it is not going away." The surge in demand has spurred specialized programs at universities throughout the University System of Maryland, from courses like Maxwell's and dorms reserved for cybersecurity students at College Park and the UMBC center to online degree and certificate programs at its University College. Experts: Network and data security should be a C-suite concern Sarah Gantz Data breaches are on the rise, increasingly hitting small and mid-sized companies and bringing significant costs with them. Yet many companies still consider cyber security a problem for the information technology department, rather than a concern for top executives. That was the warning from a... Data breaches are on the rise, increasingly hitting small and mid-sized companies and bringing significant costs with them. Yet many companies still consider cyber security a problem for the information technology department, rather than a concern for top executives. That was the warning from a... (Sarah Gantz) Instruction in cybersecurity has long been included in computer science studies, but the field evolved in recent years into distinct programs. Morgan State University created its program about six years ago. About two years later, College Park began the first honors program in cybersecurity, the Advanced Cybersecurity Experience for Students, or ACES. About a month later in 2013, UMBC launched its own Cyber Scholars Program. Towson University said it was among the first to connect cybersecurity courses as an academic track for undergraduates. A team of University of Maryland, Baltimore County students, the Cyber Dawgs, won the National Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition in April. The first cyber scholar to graduate from UMBC accepted his diploma with 11 job offers in hand. Seventeen colleges in Maryland have earned federal distinction for excellence in cybersecurity — more than any other state. "These schools have been doing this longer than anybody in the country and are the real leaders," said Casey O'Brien, executive director of the National CyberWatch Center, which tracks cybersecurity education across the country. The center based at Prince George's Community College was founded with 10 colleges in 2005. Today, the network has grown to nearly 100 colleges, with 28 of them in Maryland. The academic arms race continues today. Coppin State University announced plans last month to launch its own cybersecurity program. The U.S. Naval Academy is building a five-story, $120 million cyber center with security features to safeguard classified information. The academic expansion is driven largely partly by the NSA, headquartered at Fort Meade in Anne Arundel County, and defense contractors such as Northrop Grumman Corp., which has poured money into college programs. The state's politicians are working to secure what's become a vital industry. Gov. Larry Hogan designated October as Manufacturing and cybersecurity Month. Former U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski steered federal funding to local projects, such as the Naval Academy building. "No other state has the cluster of both public and private universities working on this that can also connect to such a cornucopia of federal agencies," she said. Since the demand for workers outstrips the supply, qualified candidates can expect an immediate return on their educational investment. Companies routinely offer Towson's cyber graduates starting salaries that exceed $65,000, said Michael O'Leary, who coaches the cyber team and chairs the math department. "I tell my students if they get a job offer for less than that to come talk to me," he said. "I would say, 'Let me call up a couple friends of mine.'" O'Leary invites graduates back to campus each year for live-fire exercises in which his students defend their networks against professionals. Last year's exercise caused a stir when hackers hit the undergrad defenders with cunning French malware. "If you've got the technical skills, you get jobs — you get piles of jobs," O'Leary said. "Name a big company that hasn't been hacked: Wal-Mart, Target, McDonald's." Still, cyber classrooms remain dominated by men. Maxwell's course at the University of Maryland has just one woman this semester. At UMBC, senior Alejandra Diaz often finds herself outnumbered. "I might be the only woman in the class," said Diaz, who turned down a job with Northrop Grumman to pursue her master's degree. "You almost feel like a leader for the other younger women." UMBC, which has numerous cybersecurity companies located at its on-campus research park, is focused on shrinking the gender gap. It offers subsidized coding classes for teenage girls and started the Cyber Scholars Program to bring women and minorities into the field. The program is run by the college's Center for cybersecurity in partnership with its Center for Women in Technology. Diaz's fellow seniors have signed with Silicon Valley companies and launched startups in their dorms. These are the college seniors for whom an idle summer in their parent's basement after graduation seems unlikely. Those graduating this spring from the ACES program in College Park reported in a survey they had jobs with salaries between $80,000 and $120,000, said Michel Cukier, the program director. ACES senior Andrew Liu of Olney said he turned down Facebook and Dropbox before signing with Google in November. "You signed late," said his classmate Toby Lin of Rockville. "Most people signed in October." Lin and classmate Franz Payer of Ellicott City started a company called Cyber Skyline. It offers online tests — to find the message hidden in programming code, for example — to help tech companies judge job applicants. The 22-year-old classmates secured funding in October, but didn't want to say how much. "Enough for us to play around with it for a year," said Payer, a graduate of Centennial High School. "When I was in high school no one mentioned cybersecurity. It's changing fast." One recent afternoon, the students settled into Maxwell's course, Advanced Seminar in cybersecurity: Penetration Testing. Here the line blurs between offense and defense, between Terps senior, IT staffer and hacker. But the rules are clear as cheap malware: Students must report all vulnerabilities; they may not pry open network doors to personal information like grades. "It's kind of a forward-thinking model in trusting the students for something like this," said O'Brien, of CyberWatch, who said a few other schools have tried such courses. Maxwell worked for about a decade as security operations manager at the College Park campus. He started the course about six years ago and unloosed his students to hunt for security weaknesses in the college network. "I don't want to go into specifics," he said. "It feels like every year we find one really, really interesting thing." The students have spent days prodding the defenses, scanning for hidden users, and turning the network's doorknobs, searching for one left unlocked. Their laptop screens flash with streaming code when Maxwell opens class. "I want to hear what you're finding," he says. tprudente@baltsun.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Colleges and Universities University of Maryland Baltimore County University of Maryland, College Park National Security Agency Corporate security threats drive a shift for Maryland's government-focused cyber industry A cybersecurity future in Baltimore Tenable Network Security taps head of Dell Technologies cybersecurity unit as CEO Sinclair Broadcast announces plans to buy Bonten Media Group for $240 million Sagamore Spirit debuts its Port Covington distillery Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage, Mid-Atlantic, names new president Breaking Sports Maryland Best of Balt Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 59°
thedailynews.cc News Greenville Belding Carson City Lakeview Edmore Stanton Panhandle Classifieds Deals E-edition More Latest Funeral Notices Scanner Free Time PLUG IN April 22, 2017 News local politics business beat Opinions Lifestyle Sports local high school Outdoors Community Events Calendar Funeral Notices Classifieds More Videos Lottery Photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Subscriber Services Submit News Click Now! Posted: Friday, April 21, 2017 Mobile Audio Design closing after 24 years in Greenville By Cory Smith • Last Updated 10:20 am on Friday, April 21, 2017 Tweet RyanOlsen,left, and Bob Adams, stand at the front desk of their business, Mobile Audio Design, in Greenville, on Thursday. They will close their business April 28 after 24 years in the community. — Daily News/Cory Smith GREENVILLE — When he earned his diploma from Greenville High School in 1991, Ryan Olsen recalls having just one thing on his mind upon graduating. With his open house and graduation money in hand, Olsen made his way to the local Radio Shack, ready to make an improvement to his car. Being a teenager now entering adulthood, Olsen wanted to embrace his new independence by outfitting his vehicle with a new stereo and sound system. “At the time there was no one that did installs locally,” he said. “At my age, the freedom of having your own car, the freedom of driving, the thing that made that better was a (good) sound system.” So Olsen spoke with Radio Shack manager Bob Adams, a 1989 Greenville graduate, and together they decided to install a new system in Olsen’s car themselves. “Bob took my graduation money and then installed a ‘pile-of-junk’ radio into my car,” said Olsen with a laugh. “We eventually built a sound system in my car and we hit it off working together.” Inspired by Olsen’s passion for audio, Adams looked at the growing market of car audio systems as CD players became more popular, and asked if he’d like to work together in a professional capacity. “Bob saw a need for it, and he asked if I wanted to join him. So we started it with $1,000, and went from there,” Olsen said. So in September 1993, the duo opened Mobile Audio Design, which they operated together for more than two decades, offering services locally that included car stereos, vinyl graphic, mobile video, remote car starters, marine radios and navigation systems. But in facing a changing economic climate, the owners recently reached a decision to close their business. “Everything has changed,” Olsen said.  “To be in the automotive technology business for two decades, we’ve seen a lot of change.” According to Olsen, two contributing factors led to a downfall in sales throughout the past 10 years: The addition of more competition from big box stores such as Wal-Mart, and the cheaper sales of products via the internet. “We went from selling 20 radios a week to maybe five,” Olsen said. “We went from a staff of five employees to just the two of us. That worked up until now, but we are kind of just burned out.” After 24 years in Greenville, Mobile Audio Design owners Ryan Olsen and Bob Adams have announced the business will be closing on April 28. The decision to now close their business after 24 years in the community did not come lightly, but according to Adams, the time is right. “We were just young men, boys really, that had a passion for cars and great sounding music,” he said. “As we grew up, so did Mobile Audio Design. We added products, brands, services, and some really great employees over the years. We are proud of the young men that started at Mobile Audio Design and have gone on to become great workers, mentors and fathers themselves.” Throughout the years, the owners took a sense of pride in their business, hanging their hat on being Greenville kids who found success in their hometown. “Ryan and I have taken great pride in our community and have always tried to support area organizations via donations, signs, decals or financial support,” Adams said. “The relationships we have experienced over the years are part of what makes Greenville a great place to live and raise our families.” Adams said throughout the past several months they attempted to find a buyer for their business, but came up empty, leading to the decision to close for good. The business at 600 N. Lafayette St., will officially close on April 28. “We will be closing the doors at Mobile Audio Design … and walking through new doors into the next chapters of our lives,” Adams said. In moving forward, Olsen has discovered a new passion of offering personal training programs, and Adams and his wife Dana operate The Barn at Adams Acres as a wedding venue. “We cannot convey how much we appreciate all of our loyal customers and we will always treasure the friendships we’ve gained here,” Adams said. In the process of closing the business, Olsen took a moment to reflect Wednesday as he cleaned out a closet, discovering several sweatshirts with the Mobile Audio Design logo on them. “Now we’re at the end, but I’m not going to throw these away,” he said. “I’m proud of this. Twenty-four years of business, how many people can say they did that?” About the Author Cory Smith Cory is the Greenville beat reporter for The Daily News. He also covers the Carson City area and specializes in photography and multimedia. Cory is a hometown kid, having graduated from Greenville High School in 2004. He then went on to study journalism at Michigan State University where he also played trumpet and marched as a member of the Spartan Marching Band for four years. Cory Smith has written 1376 articles. Related Stories Don’s Carpetland in Greenville closing after 63 years Saturday, September 29th, 2012 Posted in: Business Beat, G.Slider, News Top Story The Nielson family is closing the doors to Don’s Carpetland Inc., due to health issues and economic reasons. Don’s Carpetland, located at 6507 S. Greenville Road, opened its doors 63 years ago with Don and Barb Wilstead. The business went through a could different owners before the Bev and Lou Nielson took over about 35 years ago. Read More » Mobile One to One pilot project becomes reality for Greenville schools Wednesday, February 8th, 2012 Posted in: G.Slider, Local, News Top Story Greenville Public Schools and Verizon Wireless have partnered to launch the pilot of the school’s Mobile One to One project. The project, which was announced at the beginning of the school year, officially launched Tuesday with 450 students. Half of the students were given Samsung Galaxy Tablets while the other 225 were given Droid X2s. Read More » AUDIO: 911 phone call during robbery of Family Dollar in Greenville Friday, January 27th, 2012 Posted in: G.Slider, Greenville, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Local, Video The Daily News, using the Freedom of Information Act, acquired the audio from the 16-minute 911 call made on Jan.5, 2012, during the robbery of the Family Dollar in Greenville. This video includes an 8-minute portion of that audio, which has been edited to protect the individuals involved. Read More » Horrocks of Ionia to design Greenville’s flower beds Thursday, March 21st, 2013 Posted in: Local The Greenville Downtown Development Authority (DDA) selected Horrocks Nursery Farms Inc. of Ionia to spruce up the downtown area. During a special meeting on Tuesday, the DDA selected the contractor to redo and design the flower beds on Lafayette Street in Greenville. Read More » Follow Us Facebook:   Twitter: Follow @greenvilledn Email Alerts: Coming Soon… Rate this Article VN:R_U [1.9.10_1130] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes)  0     CommentsCommenting Guidelines Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Videos Most Commented 59 Montcalm County gets homeland security snow cone machine 37 Alley Cat Bar & Grill owner charged with multiple sex crimes 13 Montcalm County to close Krampe Park on June 1 unless volunteer steps up 11 JUST IN: Friday afternoon crash leaves at least 2 injured News local politics business beat Sports local high school outdoors Classifieds Browse Classifieds Place an Ad Community forum calendar funeral notices submit news More video lottery photos Subscribe E-edition E-book NIE Stafford Media Solutions ®2011 advertise here contact us E-edition privacy policy sitemap terms Belding E-edition Carson City Greenville Lakeview Stanton Panhandle Edmore
